---
Date: 1965-11-25
Title: The invisible union of the Bride of Christ
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: the Life Tabernacle in Shreveport, Louisiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 33 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The invisible union of the Bride of Christ



**1** I canceled a hunting trip so I could give service to the Lord. So it's a... We're glad to be here. I believe the last time here I told you, each time we come there is someone missing. And if we shall come back next year, and the Lord tarries, there will be somebody missing. There is one was very, very close to me in heart and spirit---that was Brother Lyle. I have always had a welcome, me coming in, standing back there and listening in Brother Jack's study, of the old quartet singing, "They're Singing in Glory Tonight." Well, there is one of those voices already over there, waiting for the other three. I guess I will never hear it here on earth no more. But I certainly am looking forward to hearing it again, Brother and Sister Moore, and then in that Land where they'll, it'll never be dim.

**2** Brother Palmer was a great servant of Christ. I can remember Brother Jack telling me about his dedicated life to God. They were carpenters together. And said he would be eating his lunch, have his sandwich in his hand, eating a sandwich and reading his Bible. See, he done some mighty great things, Brother Palmer did. He was a good carpenter; a good father to his children, a lovely family. He raised them all to serve the Lord. Far as I know they are all saved and filled with the Holy Ghost. And that is a great contribution to any man in these days---boys and girls. But see, all that he ever done won't amount to too much until serving God, unless he served God. And tonight, what he has done here on earth, his good deeds, he has gone to his reward to be with them. God rest the soul of our brother.

**3** I know as long as this is a tabernacle here, I know you will ... his voice will still be here. You can hear it. Sister Anna Jean and her sister playing the organ and piano, how they never had to wait. Brother Palmer just stand here and he would just pick the song up, go on; they'd catch it. I never ... I looked forward to hearing him leading the songs. To his children, to his wife, and to Brother Jack, his bosom friend, that had been friends for all these years, and Brother Brown, Sister Brown, and all you Tabernacle, God bless you. I miss him, too. God rest his gallant soul until we meet him in peace. Let's bow our heads.

**4** Gracious Heavenly Father, just speaking of this great servant, I missed him tonight, him shaking my hands, and that cunning little smile that he always had when he said, "God bless you, Brother Branham," when we'd walk in the door. I know he has come up to Your house tonight. So I pray, dear God, that You'll let the fruits and his works that follow him be great, continuing on with his children and his wife. We pray that You will bless her, Lord. You said You would be a Husband to the widows that were widows indeed. I pray for our Sister Palmer and for all the children. I know how to sympathize with both, losing a companion and also losing my dad.

**5** So, Father, while we are here tonight, we pray that You will prepare our hearts, also, for that hour. We don't know, it might come as sudden as his did. We don't know when it will come, but we know it has got to come. So we pray, God, that You will search every heart that is in here tonight. God, don't leave mine out. Search mine, too, and try me. Lord, if there be any evil in us, take it out. We want to serve You. That is our full objective, is to serve You.

**6** Pour out Your Spirit upon us tonight and the rest of this week. Bless this tabernacle by the name of the Life Tabernacle. May it receive full blessings of that name and be full of the Life of God this week, to save every lost soul, to fill every believer with the Holy Ghost, and renew the hopes that's in us, Lord, again. We pray that You'll also heal all the sick and the afflicted that comes among us. May Your great Holy Spirit be here, Lord, and just heal and anoint each one to believe. Grant these things, Father. God, help me now, if it falls my turn to bring the message. I pray, God, that You will just let the man part stand to one side. May the Holy Spirit come in and move upon us, Lord, may the Holy Ghost take the meeting, Lord. We know that we are so insufficient. We could not do it---none of us. We don't claim to be able to do it. But, Lord, we know that Thou art the One. So we are looking to Thee, Lord. Move, Spirit of God, and fall fresh on us. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**7** Now, I want to pass greetings on down the line to the churches, now, that's hooked up across the states. We are on the telephone hookup, which is a fine little system that we have been able to get through our Brother Pearry Green from Beaumont, Texas. And the churches completely that's following the message, all the way across the United States, is hooked up tonight. We send greetings up and down the west coast. All the way from Vancouver down to Tijuana, Mexico, through San Jose, Los Angeles, all the groups over in there, we greet you from Shreveport. Also, all the way to Prescott, Arizona, to the group up there that is waiting on the Lord, we send greetings to you, and to Tucson; also Sierra Vista, all the way to New York, up and down across the nation. The Lord bless you, each one. Wish you were here tonight. This beautiful old state of Louisiana, where it seems like a second home to me.

**8** You know, you people up in New York, you know I kind of laugh at you a little bit, the way you talk. I'm right at home tonight. Everybody down here, you know, says, "Hello dere, Brother Branham. You bring Sister Branham and all the young'uns and come over to see us." Oh, my, that makes me feel good. That's real English to me. Not disregarding you people in the east and the north and different places, but you know, I guess I was just born an old "Reb" and have to stay that way. I kind of like it myself. It's real English. I was at a Businessmen's breakfast here not long ago, and they said, "We will now stand and sing the national anthem." I stood up and said, "For my old Kentucky home far away." Well, to me that was the national anthem. That's all I knowed about it. So, we send you greetings. And now to the ...

**9** I believe they are going to try to broadcast the breakfast also. The Businessmen's breakfast Saturday morning. Brother Green will tell you, as he's at the microphones out there now. So he will tell you what time the breakfast starts, and what time each night to tune in. We thank you very kindly, and pray for us.

**10** Now, to the local assembly here, and Brother Jack's Tabernacle: I'm just going to ask you a favor tonight. Being that I was going to give my Thanksgiving message across the nation tonight to our local churches that's following the message, in this I may be a little lengthy, and then again, I may preach some doctrine. So, if so, and if you don't agree with it... Just like I always said about eating cherry pie: When I run into a seed, I don't throw the pie out. I throw the seed out and just keep on eating pie. So if I happen to mention something tonight, well I... That's one reason I took this invitation tonight, to be here to bring my Thanksgiving message to the groups across the country, was because Brother Jack always so freely opened his door, and says, "Preach what's on your heart." So I feel real at home. So, it may be that in here, in the local assembly here with Brother Jack, there might be ministers and some people that would disagree with doctrine. Usually I have the courtesy not to mention doctrine in a man's pulpit that has invited me to come speak for him. So after tonight, I suppose, I will just be praying for the sick and doing the regular service. But I thought I would let you know beforehand that if something that I say that might be disagreeable, well, just allow it to my ignorance, I guess,don't know no better, and pray for me.

**11** So, now, let us turn in the Word to a chapter here, that I wish to refer to many places tonight, because I've got several scriptures and little notes wrote out here in a tablet. I remember the first time I climbed on the platform at Life Tabernacle twenty years ago, I didn't have to write down my Scriptures and reference. I was just twenty years younger then. But now I've done passed twenty-five, so I, the second time, so I can't remember it like I used to. I have to write my scriptures down, and sometimes brief down something or other I want to refer to. And now, the Lord bless as we read out of God's Word in the book of Romans, the 7th chapter. Now, I want to kind of teach this like a Sunday school lesson.

**12** I know there's people standing. And at the Tabernacle usually, at Jeffersonville ... we want to greet you all tonight too, know that you are hooked up there at the Tabernacle. It looks like being at the Tabernacle tonight, if you were down here---the people around the walls and overflowed. Now I suppose you are that way, too, to ... all the people that's up in that part of the country has come in for the message.

**13** Now, we are going to use this like a Sunday school lesson. And it's not directed to anything, any certain persons or anything---just to the church, the body of Christ, that we are trying to lead to deeper thoughts and higher objectives, believing that the coming of the Lord Jesus is at hand. We believe that, much more. It is twenty years closer than it was the first time I come to Shreveport. Oh, so much has happened since that time! Now, we are looking forward for the coming of the Lord in our generation. I am not looking for revival in our generation, I am looking for the coming of the Lord in our generation.

**14** Now, in Romans 7, trusting that you have your Bibles open everywhere now across the country, we want to read closely. Now, this message out of here, it seems like it's on marriage and divorce; but it really isn't. To me it's a prophecy for the church in the last days. Let us read. Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth? For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. So then if, while her husband liveth, she is married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man. Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that you should be ^^ (joined ... or, should be)^^ married to another, even to him who is risen from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God. For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death. But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.

```
Romans 7:1 Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?

Romans 7:2 For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.

Romans 7:3 So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.

Romans 7:4 Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.

Romans 7:5 For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.

Romans 7:6 But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.

```
**15** And now let us pray. Dear God, we have just read what we believe to be the sacred Word of God. And that is what we are believing, that not one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from this until all is fulfilled. And we believe that our Lord told us in Revelation the 22nd chapter that whosoever shall take one word from it or add one word to it, the same, his part will be taken from the book of life. And we see that by misrepresentation of this Word, as Satan misrepresented it to Eve, caused her to doubt one word, threw the whole human race into a fallen chaos. Just one word. Then we see in the middle of the Book came our Lord and Saviour, and He gave us this quotation concerning it: "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." Then the solemn warning in the last book of the Revelation of Jesus Christ: "Whosoever shall add a word or take a word away, his part will be taken from the book of life."

```
Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Revelation 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

Revelation 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

```
**16** O God, knowing and seeing how fragile we are, knowing that we are walking on the brittle threads of life, of this mortal life, not knowing what time that we are going to be summoned to answer on high, let us, O Lord, lay aside everything in our hearts, everything in our mind, and look straight to Your Word tonight, and for You to come and interpret it with living oracles. Grant it. May Your Spirit fall upon us and anoint the words to our hearts, that we might go from here this evening better people than we are now, that we might have a closer insight on Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord, that we might understand the day that we are living in, and the preparation of God for His people in this hour---this great crucial dark time that we are now living in. God, anoint us---not only speaker, but hearer---and together make our hearts to tremble at Your Word, for "the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom." Grant these things, Father, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.

```
**17** I'd like to title these few remarks that I was going to make here, and some Scriptures that I would like to follow up closely behind, if the Lord willing, to the Thanksgiving message, to The Invisible ... of... The Invisible Union Of The Bride Of Christ. The Invisible Union Of The Bride Of Christ. It doesn't sound like a Thanksgiving message. Though any Scripture ... we are thankful for all of it. I am thankful to God to be living in this time of the closing scenes of this world's history. I don't know. If I would have had a say so before the foundation of the world, and God would have laid out the whole program to me and said to me, "I want you to preach. Now, what age do you desire to go to the earth to preach?" I would have chose this age, for I think this is the golden age. I certainly would have loved to have been here during the time of His visit to the earth, but still I think this right now is a greater time, because it's a time that He's coming to take the people that He's redeemed, nearing the resurrection when all the redeemed will come forth. What a glorious opportunity we have to speak to a dying people. Great time! We are enthused about it.

**18** And we know that history is closing out. The world's history will soon be over. Then we are going to step into a new day, to the great Millennium. That as one believer, I believe in a Millennium---a Millennium reign with Christ, a thousand years upon the earth; the physical return of the Lord Jesus to take a physical people, glorified by His cleansing blood.

**19** Paul, here, is giving an illustration in our Scriptures about the law and grace, and illustrating it like marriage and divorce. This passage is very seldom preached on because it more or less pertains to---like marriage and divorce. But it also pertains to a greater portion of marriage and divorce, of how that he is trying to set in order here, that we, as a Church, can no more be married to the world and to Christ at the same time, and be legal and lawful about it, than it can be for a woman to be living with a husband while she has got a living husband. I have my own thoughts of that, and I believe that what the Bible says is the truth. But I believe, also, it's to my belief that it unfolds one of the great mysteries of prophecy. And I hope that the Lord will help us tonight as we deliver this to our waiting people across the country.

```
Romans 7:3 So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.

```
**20** It was said one time ... I was reading, when I was writing a note for this. I could not exactly remember the book that it was in, but I am sure this is right: that one of the books I read on Mr. Moody, Dwight Moody, in Chicago (we have a great listening church in Chicago, also, tonight), that Mr. Moody, after reading Romans 7, ran into the street, and the first man he met, he said to him, "Do you know grace?" And the man replied, "Grace who?" Mr. Moody said, "The grace of God." So, it so thrilled him when he seen the ... how grace had separated us from the law, and how that ... what part grace played. Anything that I want to do is when I... Always told the people when I crossed the line on the other side, I'd like to stand up and sing: "Amazing grace! how sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me!" Grace, precious grace, more of grace to know, for it is by grace we are saved. Not by what we can do, what we can ... whatever we do is not counted to us; grace is what saves us. "By grace are you saved through faith;"

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**21** May I add to this woman Grace. May I place her in the Bible, also, as called "the elect Lady," this Miss Grace I am going to talk about. You know, the Bible declares, said, "unto the elect Lady" If you notice, elect comes from the word elected Lady. One Lady amongst all the other ladies was elected, like the virgin was to bring forth the body of God on the earth. She was an elected woman. God chose Mary. And also, God has chose an elected Lady which is His Bride. She's elected. I hope we are members of that tonight across the world ... or, across the nation rather.

```
2 John 1:1 The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;

```
**22** The illustration here, showing the relationship of Bride to Christ ---the elect Lady---and how she was to be brought to Him, where he would come from, and how that he would be brought to Him. The Church here, in illustration that we got in view, is illustrated by a woman; which a woman is always a type of the Church, because the church is considered a Bride---a Bride. She is the Bride of the Lord Jesus, the Son of God.

**23** Always, if you'll watch, watch the conditions and the conduct of women, and you will see where the church is. Now, some of these remarks may seem strange to some of you, but it is complementary to the message that I have from the Lord that I am trying to get to the people. See, you watch everything in the natural, how it's happening---nature---and watch it. It runs true with the spiritual, also. Now, if you will see the conduct of women in the world today, watch the conduct of the worldly church today. Just watch. Of course, now, there is also the conduct of the spiritual bride, the church, see. Watch that also, because the natural, so-called, claim-to-be-bride...

**24** Now, please, let me say again to the local assembly, don't feel bad now. I am speaking to all out across the country, to the, what I think, the elect Lady. So, if there happen to be ministers in here that doesn't agree, well, just hold your peace for a little while. Notice, and just listen. Notice this character. When you see women just go on the rampage, just doing anything they want to do, watch, the church is doing the same thing. Notice. But watch when the spiritual Bride, when she begins to have a revival, when she begins to come back and line herself up with the Word of God, watch then again, you see, how that the Scriptures at that time, there will be a message sweep out to catch that Bride, catch that woman Elect. For as the world... Satan the deceiver, who deceived the first bride to sinning against God by misbelieving His Word...

**25** And now, today as we see the church natural, in your intellectual gospel, going farther and farther away from the Word in "social gospel," we find that the women of the world on the streets, members of such, is carrying themselves in the same atmosphere. You can't tell them. They have lost all sense of common decency, the people have. And that is the way the church has. And you can see it going straight to the Ecumenical Council just as certain as anything in the world, and right into Rome as hard as it can go, see. Because it's prophesied, and there she is. That is her behavior.

**26** But then, watch again to the spiritual Church, how that group of people "called out," the Elected through every revival. In Martin Luther it happened the same way, in the Reformation. It happened the same thing in the time of John Wesley. It happened the same thing when Pentecostal first started. They dropped them women right back in line with the Word, and then they drift away. There she goes right back over into chaos. But then the time that the people are ready to line up, there is a message comes forth, and they line with it.

**27** Luther was the messenger of one day, of justification; and the Church lined right with it---some of them. The rest of them continued on. Wesley came with sanctification; the Church lined right with it. Pentecost came with the restoration of the gifts; the Church lined right with it---the Elect of that day---and then faded away. Went right back off in denominationalism and went right out with the rest of them. All of them right down along the line.

**28** Now, but you notice when the people begin to try to line with the Word, there comes a fresh message from the Word of God right straight to the people. And it catch that message and line up every time. It is just in God ... we have that. We have families. Every family in here is accustomed to that. Sometimes everything will run fine for you for years. Then all at once you'll hit a spell where---we say it many times in the south here---"when it rains, it pours," and everything goes wrong. You are going through a nighttime. Then there is a daybreak; then a nighttime. Everything runs in continuity.

**29** The prophet Paul, here, is saying that a woman cannot remarry until her first husband is dead. She cannot remarry as long as her first husband is living. She, by no circumstances at all. She must remain single as long as her first husband is living. And if she should do such a sin, she shall be called an adulteress. I am speaking of the natural now, to type it with the spiritual. If this woman would commit such a sin, then she is marked an adulteress---if she has two living husbands at the same time. Therefore, she has forfeited, by doing this, her rights to God and Heaven, by doing so. She sure has. She is an outcast from the economy of God according to the Scriptures that I have just read.

```
Romans 7:2 For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.

Romans 7:3 So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.

```
**30** So is the church, when she tries to mix creed and denomination with the Word of God. She can't be married to a denomination and be the Bride of Christ at the same time. She has got to be dead to one or the other. The law says so, here. There's plenty of laws in God's Word, and that's His law. Paul speaking the same thing, here. She cannot be married to a church of worldly creed and be the Bride of Christ, because she ... one is contrary to the other. Now remember, you say, "Well, we believe this, but we don't believe that."

**31** If you are married to Christ, Christ is the Word of God. In St. John the 1st chapter said, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." "And the same was made flesh and dwelt among us." Christ was the living Word. He always was the Word, He's still the Word, He always will be the Word. He was only the manifestation of the attributes of God, for He was the Son of God, and any son is the attributes of his father. And just as you were in the genes of your father, in the body of your father, when he was a young boy. You were in him, yet he could not have fellowship with you, because he didn't know you. But then through the bedding grounds of a mother, you were brought forth into the earth and become in the image of your father, then he could fellowship with you. And so were you sons of God and daughters of God before there even was a moon, star, or a molecule ---you were sons and daughters of God. For you are only the physical manifestation of the attributes that was in God at the beginning. For there is only one form of eternal life, and that was you before ... you don't know nothing about it; neither did you know when you were in your earthly father. But you are manifested in His image. In the image of God you are made, and you were manifested for the glory and the fellowship of God. And therefore, as sure as your genes had to be in your father before your natural birth, your spiritual genes had to be in God, because you are an expression of the attributes of His thoughts before the foundation of the world. There is no way around it. That is right.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

```
**32** Now, we notice then, that life being in you, God's life being in you from the foundation of the world. Now, you cannot mix denomination creed with the Word, because they are too contrary, one to the other. That is exactly what Satan tried to do with his intellectual conceptions to Eve. He said... He admitted that God said it, but he said, "Surely you will not die." See, and they believed that, and that is what creed has done tonight. Denomination has separated the people from the Word of God. Didn't Jesus say when He come, "You, through your traditions, have made the commandments of God of no effect to the people"? And through our creeds we have disassociated the fellowship of the Holy Spirit to anoint the Word of God that's laced out for this generation. We have separated the people so by denomination that they cannot have a chance to see it. Now, God---every generation He has a new part of His book. It all goes together like my body was built. I am told it started in the spine, but it wasn't all spine. It went from that to ribs, and from lungs, and to hands, and arms, and feet and so forth, and it come on out to be the person that I am.

```
Genesis 3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:

Matthew 15:6 And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.

Mark 7:13 Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.

```
**33** And so was God manifested in the beginning. And finally He was ... appeared as Jehovah, God the Father. Then He appeared as God the Son in Jesus Christ. Now He has appeared as God the Holy Ghost. The same God all the time, three manifestations of the same God. Now, we find in this that each generation, God has allotted His Word from the beginning, just like evolution came, just like... First thing God created probably was ... let's say He created botany life first. Then He created animal life next, then He created human life next---kind of an evolution, rising higher. So has it been in God in His Church. Justification under Luther (now He's pulling His Bride out now, He's creating His Bride), justification under Luther, sanctification under Wesley, and so forth, you see. He's ... the evolution of the Spirit being given more and more, because the body is building, coming to the head, which is Christ. The Body of Christ.

**34** Now, She, as a woman, if She is married to Christ the Word, She cannot be married to a church denomination at the same time, for She is bound by it. She cannot live with both husbands at the same time. They are contrary one to the other. One is God-sent; the other one is man-made. So they are contrary. He said, "Let every man's word be a lie and Mine be the truth." God said that. Just as much contrary to one another as law was to grace, as Paul speaking of here. One must be dead to have the other. And if she tries to mix them, she shall be called an adulteress. Oh, think of it! New York, Arizona, across the nation, think of it! God said if she's tried to be married to two at the same time, she shall be called an adulteress. What adulteress can enter Heaven? Would God marry an adulteress? Certainly not. He asked us not to do it. She shall be called an adulteress.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

Romans 7:3 So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.

```
**35** Then her children, if she is an adulteress, her children is illegitimate. Illegitimate. Illegitimate to what? Not to the church, but to the Word. She is illegitimate. What a picture of this Revelation 3 here, of the last day Laodicea church age! What an illegitimate group! What a denominational mix up---lukewarm. Carry on and call themselves Christians and deny the Word of God. "Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof," as the prophet said they would be.

```
2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

```
**36** Marriage is the oldest institution in the world. Marriage was performed first, and instituted, in the garden of Eden. A woman is entrusted with certain characters that she must not defile. A woman is trusted to that. There is not a creature on earth like a woman. There is no female dog, there is no female of any kind, entrusted with the character that a woman is. A woman was not even in the beginning of the creation, because God knew that she would fall. All other females could not commit adultery. She is the only one that can commit adultery. If she had been made like the original, that would have been discomplementary to God's great wisdom. See, she was made a by-product of a man; but because she was cast over in that side, she has also been given a sacred charge from God for redemption. She has got characters that she must not defile. If she would mar them, she is defiled for lifetime. No matter how much she is forgiven, she can't be justified. I'll strike that in a little bit. Got a Scripture on that in a few minutes. She can be forgiven for her defilement, but she cannot be justified in this life. It is always with her. Notice, now, she has been given this. She may be forgiven but not justified.

**37** Her body is given to her a sacred trust from God. No female dog, no bird, no other animal, no other creature like that. No. She's the only one. By it she is, The reason it is so sacred, she is to bring forth life into the earth. Her body is a bedding grounds of life. Therefore, that is the reason she is given this sacred trust. Now, here is where you may disagree, many of you theologians. That is what defiled the whole human race, is that adultery at the beginning. Her bedding ground was marred. She brought forth those twins, Cain and Abel. One act, two children. Search the Scriptures.

**38** Notice, now, we find that her body is a bedding ground, and therefore it is a sacred trust not to defile that. Now, I am speaking now, bringing this to an illustration to show you where the Church stands. I am not speaking of you women. Whatever you are that is between you and God, or you men, but I am speaking of the Church and Christ. Now, this she is given to bring forth life that only God Himself can give. Her husband might be the germ bearer, but God has to produce the life. That is right, it has to come ... all life has to come from God. Any life has to come from God. It's perverted, and that's what makes it sinful, but life has to come from God. He is the author of life. Now, she has a sacred... One.

**39** I want to name three things here that she must not get away from. Now, I am speaking... Keep the Church in mind while I'm speaking this to the natural woman, as Paul is here in the seventh chapter of Romans. She has a sacred trust of virtue committed to her by her Lord---a certain virtue. Nothing else holds it but a woman. That is right. That is committed to her by God. She must not defile that virtue. If she even does something wrong, she must confess that to her husband before he takes her, and make it right. Just the same as the church that was married to the law has to come also before Christ, before the second marriage. She has to confess that. If she doesn't and she lives with her husband for ten years and then confesses it, he has a right to put her away and marry another woman. That is the Scripture. Fornication is unclean living. "Joseph, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost." He was minded to put her away privately, see, after he had already engaged to her. When you are engaged to her, as far as God is concerned, you are married to her.

```
Matthew 1:19 Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privily.

Matthew 1:20 But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.

```
**40** Notice. Now, she has a sacred trust of virtue that has been given her, trusted to her by the Lord. God gave her that virtue. Just as it was in the garden of Eden, she can say "yes" or "no." She has a sacred trust of womanhood committed to her that she must not break. The womanhood I am speaking of here is her conduct, her character around men. Not letting every man

**41** ... looks on these screens and see these movie stars kissing and hugging and slopping around over these women. A woman does that is of a bad character. She might be virtuous otherwise, but see in her heart. When those glands, sex glands, are in the lips, a man kisses a woman, he's actually potentially committed adultery. Sex glands are in the woman's lips and in the man's lips. He could kiss her on the hand, it wouldn't mix the sex glands, but the sex glands is in the lips. You see all this nonsense and the Hollywood today of all this slopping and loving around with women, and so forth, and little girls looking at all that, no wonder our morals are rotten and decayed and filthy! Because it is put before the children. That is right. It has to be that way for the last days.

**42** Now keep the church in mind. She is kissing and slopping and mixing around in everything else but the Word. Let the devil, and education, and scientific searches, and so forth, when scientific education and everything is absolutely contrary to God! The whole system of civilization that we have now is absolutely antichrist! Educational system is antichrist, civilization is antichrist. It is against God. You say against civilization? God will have a civilization one of these days that won't have any death associated into it. This modern civilization come by Satan. I will prove that to you, if the Lord willing, tonight, out of the Bible. All these things are of Satan. Our new civilization will have none of this in it. She has this sacred womanhood.

**43** No wonder that men act around women the way they do. Is because women act around men the way they do. She characters herself out here with a pair of shorts on, and skin tight, and men's clothing and things, out on the street, twisting around. No matter what she says, she might be as virtuous to her husband as she can be, but in the sight of God she is an adulteress! "Whosoever looketh upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart," and she presented herself to be that. That is exactly what the church has done with the world.

```
Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.

```
**44** Notice, that is committed to her: sacred virtue, sacred womanhood, and then sacred motherhood ... honor her husband. Just look today. In certain cities, many cities, they even have big parties in what is called society---church members, too---set their hats in the floor and they all get drunk and pitch their keys into it; each woman goes and picks a key out of the hat for the man she will live with over the weekend. All kinds of such parties, which, I've got so much to say here, if the Lord willing, I haven't got time to go into it. Such a filth! And the church is just as bad. That is right. Committing adultery with everything she has no business to be going into. She should stay with the Word.

**45** Buildings are all right, hospitals are all right, all these other things are all right. Educational programs, that is all right. We have to live here. We have to read, write, that is one of the economies. Like, we wasn't supposed to put on any clothes at the beginning. (I'll preach on that later this week the Lord willing.) But we have to wear clothes, because God gave us clothes; but in the beginning we didn't need them---we were veiled. Now she is veiled to her sins. She don't even know she is sinning. She was then by the... Now she's veiled by the devil; then she was veiled by God---the difference of it.

**46** Now, we find out that she has been given this sacred trust that she must not break of womanhood. Act ... have her character, raise her children, be honorable to her husband. Nowadays they pay a bit more attention to it than nothing in the world. You ought to sit in my office sometime and see men bring in their wives, where they try to get right with God and confess of all the men they lived with and everything else since they've been married. Oh, you say, "that's, No, that's Pentecostals." The others won't come. So, it's... I am speaking of ... how it can get away! When it gets mixing up with the world, the church, and all the fashions and things that we have. We are no more like the original Pentecost was than day is from night. We have drifted off somewhere into some dark chaos somewhere, and lost.

**47** What a sacred trust! What a responsibility to a woman! Now, see why she is a type of the Church? which has the same responsibility as a woman has a sacred responsibility to her motherhood, to her virtues, to her husband. The Church has a sacred responsibility to prayer, and to the Word, and to Christ, just the same as the woman has. And as a woman drifts off with another man, when the church goes off on these institutional programs and building programs and schools and so forth. I have nothing against them. They are all right. They serve their purpose. But they are not... Jesus never said, "Go make schools." He said, "Preach the Word!"

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

```
**48** That is where they neglect it. Not make institutions, hospitals, and so forth. Them's all right, but that is not the Church's duty. Their duty is to preach the Gospel! But we have done everything else but that, and we have drifted in just like Satan did, mixing it up with some gospel something else and something else, until it has got a conglomeration of nothing! Corruption! Even our whole ... the whole world ... watch the trend of the world.

**49** Reading in Reader's Digest here not long ago, where young girls are going through the menopause, and men, the change of life, between twenty and twenty-five years old---they are going through the middle-age. Corruption! Why? Because of scientific research of food and stuff has broke down from the natural things we should put in our body. We are nothing but a bunch of dying corruption. Now, that is what the Church is, also. It is in the same condition. She is a type. She has the same precious virtues by Spirit given to her to preserve the Spirit and the Word and never commit adultery with anything of the world or anything; stay virgin to the Word as a woman is to stay virtuous to her husband. It is a sacred trust. To honor her Lord's Word above every man-made creed, wisdom, denomination there is. The Church is given that trust. They say, "Well, my church..." I don't care what your church believes in. If it is contrary to the Word of God, stay away from it! The Bible said, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Mark 16 said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." If the church preaches different from that don't you ... you die to that thing. Be born again into the Word of God. "Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." That's how far it was to go. "These signs shall follow them that believe, and all the world and every creature that will believe." See how we got away from it? Sure, but she is responsible for it.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**50** But now, look what Hollywood has took the virtuous things from our women. I'm sitting here looking at a dear old woman, Sister Schrader. Many of the women here, back ... and Sister Moore over here, older women, that remembers a few years ago. If their mother, or even them, would have walked out on the street the way some of these women walk today, church members!, they would have locked the woman up for being insane. She forgot to put on her skirt. Well, if it was insane then, it's insane now! Look, the whole world proves it's insane. Look at the murders and things that's going on now in the world---insanity! The whole thing is coming to fulfill Revelations, we may get to it this week, where those hideous things... Them's not natural; that is spiritual things that makes people scream for the rocks and the mountains, and everything else to fall on them.

**51** The complete total insanity this world will go into right away! It is almost there now! Well, you can see the footsteps of it. There it is. It is marching right out on the street, right down the church pew. Total insanity. Do things that a human being wouldn't think of doing, of being civilized. Look what Hollywood has done to the woman. Look how it has robbed the sacred virtues of the woman. On and on we could go. See, all this she lost. How did she do it? Because there was a subtle instrument called the church, like there was in the garden of Eden. A subtle person, the devil, walked into the church just like he did in the garden of Eden, and deceived her into it. She is deceived. The woman thinks ... she don't mean to be wrong. Eve didn't mean to do wrong. It wasn't willfully. But she... The Bible said in I Timothy 3, "She was deceived." And deceived is not when you willfully do it, it is when you are deceived into doing it.

```
1 Timothy 2:14 And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.

```
**52** And that is just exactly what has happened today. She's been deceived by television, by magazines, by these people, all these fine things that are going out on the streets. Modern girls, they look at magazines, and they look at pictures, they look on the streets, they see the clothing in the shops. How Satan, that great instrument of hell, has come down amongst the people and deceived them into these things. And the woman thinks she's all right. And she's dead and don't know it. She's far from God. See how she lost all this, and how subtle it was?

```
1 Timothy 5:6 But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.

```
**53** Today, I want you to notice, Jesus spoke of it also, if you would like to read it. Jesus made mention that this thing would come to pass. Did you know that? In His last hours, just before His crucifixion. Let's just read it. St. Luke the 23rd chapter, and just for a moment, like a Sunday school lesson, begin with the 27th verse, I believe I got marked out here. Jesus going to Calvary. Listen as I read it. All right, St. Luke 23:27, I believe this is where we have it. My note's got it that way. Yes, here it is. And there followed him a great company of people, and ... women, which also bewailed and lamented him. But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children. For, behold, the days are coming, ... that they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck. ^^ (Think today; a disgrace for her to have a child, see.)^^ Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us. For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall they do in the dry?

```
Luke 23:27 And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him.

Luke 23:28 But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.

Luke 23:29 For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed are the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.

Luke 23:30 Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us.

Luke 23:31 For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?

```
**54** Speaking of the day that when women wouldn't no more want children. They want a dog or a cat or something like that, but she don't want children anymore. Why? She is old Mother Hubbard if she has a child. See? She don't want ... that is the remarks of Hollywood. Don't want his woman to be an old Mother Hubbard. So she will---he will have some operation performed to himself or her, one, that will keep them from having children. They don't want no children! Jesus spoke of it. And what did He say? "At that time they will begin to cry to the rocks and the mountains to fall on them." She will practice birth control so she can go to parties. She can't be bothered with a baby nursing her. It will disform her. When she is pregnated, it will disform her. She won't look like she used to. And her husband ignorant enough to let her go that way. She won't give him a child. Jesus spoke of it. And He said when they were doing this at that time, "They are going to cry then for the rocks to fall on them." It is coming of the Lord. They pay great sums of money for cats, dogs, to mother. That is right. She must mother something, because it is a God-given nature to her.

```
Luke 13:30 And, behold, there are last which shall be first, and there are first which shall be last.

```
**55** I noticed ... I hunt big game. And an old bear in the fall of the year, when she has been bred to the male bear, she has got cubs then that is born. They are pretty good-sized cubs, maybe weigh a hundred pounds or better. She will make them scat and hibernate to themselves. Because she is going to bring forth some more cubs. They are born in February. The bear knows nothing about it. They are born in a little sack. How that God has them open these little sacks themselves; looks like little cellophane sacks. They find their way around; their mother is sound asleep. She hasn't eat anything since October, and this is February. They come around and nurse her to the middle of May. Then when she sees her cubs, they are pretty good-sized cubs, weigh maybe ten or fifteen pounds apiece. They've nursed her. How she gets the milk, that is God's idea. She lives herself and produces milk for the cubs. And then if her breeding doesn't take, and she don't have any cubs, she will hunt up them year ... last year cubs and mother them all summer long, because it is God-given instinct. She has to mother something.

**56** And if a woman won't have a baby for her husband, she will take a dog or a cat or something! She has got to mother something. It is their nature. But to bear a child for her husband and raise it to the service of God, that is entirely all out of her line. She would be so disgraced, if she did, by her sin-loving society of this 1965 type of women. A true picture of a modern church today. Neither does the modern church want any of these here screaming and shouting, tongues---speaking Acts 2:38 young'uns around her. She doesn't want any of them. Whooping, and crying, and screaming, "Amen! Hallelujah!" Why such a child would immediately put her out of her denomination! They had one like that in one of the churches, why, they would throw her out right quick. "Why do you let such stuff as this go along?"

**57** So you see, she is pregnated with something, because she is bringing forth members all the time. But she don't want any of them screaming, hollering, blabbering, Acts 2:38 miserable creatures that she thinks they are. It would certainly embarrass her. It would ruin her in her educated, ethical, scientific, society church that she belongs to. They would throw her out at the next council. She can't have it. So she don't want to be pregnated with the Word, because that is the only kind that the Word can bring forth! Born of the Spirit of God, it has the Spirit of God in it. No intellectual, church-joining, creed-going, bobbed-haired, painted-faced ... there is no such a thing as that in all of it. You don't find that in the Word of God. You find an old-fashioned, sanctified, Holy Ghost-filled child, born of the Spirit of God, screaming, hollering, shouting, and praising God.

**58** That is altogether out of the reaches for her. She don't want that. Oh, no, sir. No indeedy. What does she do then? She brings forth a pair of painted-faced, short-wearing, Jezebel-society, illegitimate "cats" they call them, I think it is. I think they call it cats. "Look at that cat going there," they say, or something like that, you know. She was born, or married, or connected, with her first husband, the first Adam, by the adulteress wife, Eve, Adam's first wife. You say, "Adulteress?" She sure was. But, oh, she claims that this Adam, this first Adam, is dead. "Oh, sure. He died a long time ago. I am reborn again," she says, "and I am certainly married to the second Adam, Christ the Word."

**59** Now, notice what she loves. Watch her lover. You want to see who she is in love with? The Word says "this," but she says, "my church says this." Then who is she in love with? Who is her husband? Her own fruits prove what she is. That is exactly right. Shows what she is. Notice, she was born first to Adam, because that is her natural birth, see, and she never left that. That is a lover of the world. She claims that she is born the second time to Christ. But her lover, notice, is Adam yet, because she loves the world. And another thing, notice what kind of children she is bearing. That tells what the papa is; whether it was the first Adam or the second Adam. If the church brings forth a child of the second Adam, he has the second Adam's way of acting like the way they did on the day of Pentecost. That is the real true second Adam's children. That is right. Their nature is like his and hers. Yes, sir. Her daughters, painted-faced, bobbed-hair, wearing men's clothes, trousers. The Bible said for her not to do it. She cuts her hair, it's a shame to her. You say, "Shut up on that." That is what the Word said. I am only pointing out nature. That is what she does.

```
Deuteronomy 22:5 The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.

1 Corinthians 11:5 But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.

```
**60** Her sons, her sons born out of her, rely upon education, schooling, some Bible schools, (so-called), some great college that is supposed to be a long time ago hatching them out in some sort of a incubator style. Denominational seekers, religious, Cain-like, just illegitimate to the Word as Cain was. Just as illegitimate as Cain was. Denominational seekers. You see what it is? God never did organize a denomination. He has always been against it, and the Word is against it. But they hold right on to it. So you see what they are bringing forth? That shows who their papa and mama is---exactly. Exactly. Just as illegitimate as Cain was. That's the kind of child he brought forth from Eve. They got away from the Word, and then see what she brought? That is just exactly what the church has brought. The same thing. Can prove it to you by the Word. That is where education and civilization came, through Cain. That is exactly right. For they claim to be sons of God, but they are denominational-bred, denominational-school-scholared, everything else. That is exactly right. Subtle, smart, my! so was the serpent their father. Just as subtle and scientific preachers as Cain was. It is exactly the same thing. You say, "Brother Branham, is that true?"

```
Genesis 4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

Genesis 4:17 And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.

Genesis 4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

```
**61** Turn to Genesis 4:16 and find out. Get back there in Genesis 4:16 just a minute, and you will find out how that happened. And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.

**62** On down to Tubal, on down forth they began to come, designers of instruments, music, and so forth. Civilization came by Cain! Right. Building cities, instruments, scientific men come by Cain, the serpent's seed. Now notice the 25th verse: "And Adam knew his wife again." Now, he knew her once, and she had two children. Search the Scripture. She had Cain and Abel. One act and two children. They told me not long ago, it couldn't happen. We've got a case in Hollywood right ... Hollywood... We've got a case in Tucson right now, up in court. A woman gave birth to a colored child and a white child at the same time. They say she can't do it. She can have two fertile seeds, too. They got it right in court now. I know dogs will do it, animals will do it. And she's got there... The white man said, "I will support my own child, but not him." And the woman made the confession. She lived with her husband that morning and the colored man that afternoon. If it's in ... the doctor said in the space of twenty-four hours it will happen, if there is another fertile seed there. And there she did it,

```
Genesis 4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.

```
**63** and that is exactly what happened here. Cain ... Satan that morning, the serpent, and Adam that afternoon and she had two children. Now, "Adam knew his wife again, the second time; and she bare a son." Remember, there is nowhere in the Bible that said Cain was Adam's son. Said, "He was of that evil one." Not Adam, the devil. "...knew his ... the second time, and had a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, has appointed, (that wasn't the real seed), appointed me another seed instead of Adam, whom Cain slew. And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: and then began men to call upon the name of the LORD." Not out of Cain's generation genealogy, but out of Seth's genealogy. So Cain is the evil one. There come the serpent.

```
Genesis 4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.

Genesis 4:26 And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

1 John 3:12 Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous.

```
**64** Now, notice, the Bible plainly says here that her first husband must be dead. Not just put away, he has got to be dead. Now, I just got through preaching on marriage and divorce, and you all know about that. I am not speaking now altogether to this congregation here, but out across the nation. All right. Now you see what happened there in marriage and divorce. When the seven seals was opened, that brought out the real truth of it.

**65** So, to be married to the second Adam, Christ the Word, you must separate yourself by death from your first denominational husband, because there isn't a one of them that can take all the Word of God. Just show me where that one is at. "Oh," you say, "mine." The other fellow says his, too. Put them together, and you find out you are both wrong---as soon as you denominate. Read Revelation 17. So you see you have got to be dead from that thing. (Now, I am not speaking to this local assembly, I am speaking altogether across the nation.) You must be dead to your first husband. If you are united to Christ and still married to a denomination, you are an adulteress! You are a Laodicea.

**66** A church across the nation, we are following Jesus Christ the Word! To be in the Bride, you have to be remarried to the Word of God, which is Christ. "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God ... And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us." As long as you hold to man's traditions of denominations, you are called in God's Word a adulteress. As long as you are a denominational creed-seeker, belonging to a denominational church that denies the Word, you are an adulteress. That is what the Bible said. Jesus said, "You cannot serve two gods at the same time. You either serve God or mammon." Mammon is the world. "He that loves the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not even in him." The seed of God can't be in him the same time the love of the world is in there. When the seed of God is operating through you, that is the Word of God. The love of the world can't be in there at the same time. Now where is the short hair and the shorts and the painted faces? Now where's it at?

```
Matthew 6:24 No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**67** You can't be virtuous to Christ, the Word of God, and serve a man-made denomination at the same time. It is contrary to the Word. Paul said here. Where abouts? Romans 7. Neither can you bear God's sons of His Word to this illegitimate denominational group. You cannot do it. In your incubator you cannot bring forth a Word son of God. I am speaking to the church. But still you claim to be very religious. So was Cain, the prostitute Eve's son, very religious---built altars, and offered sacrifice, paid his tithes, and done everything that any other religious man would do. But he failed to keep that Word, he failed to have the revelation!

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

```
**68** And the revelation is the only thing, the revelation of the Word. What is a revelation? Jesus said, "upon this rock I will build My church; and the gates of hell can't prevail against it." Faith is a revelation, because faith has been revealed to you. Abel, by faith, offered by revelation, faith, offered to God a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain. Cain thought they ate apples. They still got that idea, but it wasn't! It was an adultery, serpent's seed. And there, when the seven seals opened and declared it and proved it. (My book is just out on it. I think we have got a thousand here now.) Notice, that is Scripturally from Genesis to Revelation.

```
Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

Hebrews 11:4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

```
**69** At the end-time both trees are coming to the seed and proving themselves. Here we are right today, Laodicea and the Bride. Just as clear and pretty as it can be in the Scripture and right before your faces. You can't serve God and mammon. You can't be a virtuous Bible-believing Christian and associate yourself in a denominational affair. You just can't do it at the same time. One has got to be dead to let the other one live. Neither can you bear God's Word sons. Neither can the church bring forth. They don't want none of them screaming children, shouting and speaking in tongues and all them things. You can't do that in a denominational church. They won't have you. They don't bring them like that. They take them up and shake their hand and say, "If you believe, you have got it. As long as you put your name on the book, that is all you have to do." See, it is illegitimate children to the Word. Still claim to be religious.

```
Matthew 6:24 No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

```
**70** So pregnated with Satan's wisdom and knowledge, the church has become. They send their people away to schools to learn how to say "amen" just right. They learn how to say all this and be very intellectual. What is it? It is pregnation of the devil! What did Satan pregnate Eve with? To disbelieve the Word for intellectuals, intellects, and it ruined the whole creation! That is exactly what she has done in the Word today, the church. She has pregnated herself with Bible schools and colleges and things like that ---reading, writing, and arithmetic---and they know no more about God than a Hottentot would know about an Egyptian knight. They know all their creeds, their prayer books, and everything else, but know nothing about God. They'd know when the Word is vindicated, when God spoke back there and 'lotted out His Word to each generation as it came along. Here come Noah along, and he preached that generation. Now, what if Moses would have come along and said, "Let's build an ark"? He would have been all out of style. But he was a prophet, he had the revelation of God. God vindicated it to be the truth. He brought the children of Israel out, and showed the pillar of fire before them, and vindicated the prophet, and said just exactly what He would do; and He did it! They said, "Let not God speak; let Moses speak lest we die." He said, "I will speak to them no more like that, but I will raise them up prophets, and they will speak."

```
Exodus 20:19 And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die.

```
**71** There stood Isaiah standing there saying, "A virgin shall conceive!" A man like him in a day when ... how is a virgin going to conceive? "Unto us a Son is born, a Child is born, a Son is given, His name shall be called Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God, The everlasting Father. Upon the throne of his father, David, he will reign, and there will be no end to His kingdom." How is it going to be? He didn't know. He just spoke what God said. It is beyond any imagination, intellectuals. It is beyond any scientific research. It is the Word of God.

```
Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.

Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.

Isaiah 9:7 Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this.

```
**72** Now we school our seminary students in all kinds of Bible theology and things like that, man-made theology. It has got a bunch of church, just exactly a Laodicea like God said it would be. Oh, my! When I look at that, it makes me shiver. Pregnated with intellectual conceptions. You have got to be a high school graduate before you can even enter. You've got to stand before a psychiatrist before you can be ordained. Can you imagine Peter, James, and John going before a psychiatrist? Remember that hundred and twenty up there, couldn't even sign their own names? standing before a psychiatrist to see if they, if all of their, if their reflex was just right and so forth? They had a reflex, but it wasn't the intellectual conception or scientific research; it was through the power of God. When it struck them, they knew nothing to do but act out what the Holy Ghost said do! They didn't pay any attention to any intellectual ... what the church said and what the priest said, and what this said, that said. They moved by the Spirit, fearless man.

```
Acts 1:15 And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)

```
**73** I John 2:15, he said "If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not even in you." So how can you be pregnated with the Word of God, which condemns the world, condemns Hollywood, condemns all of its fashion, condemns all these parties and carrying on and so-called that they have in the name of religion? It condemns it! How can the Word pregnate a person? How can a bobbed-haired woman, painted-face, wearing shorts...? How can a preacher, goes out here to a seminary and looks at Acts 2:38, and sees that there is not a person in the Bible ever baptized in those titles, and then still say he is pregnated with the Word of God? He is telling you a lie! He sold his birthrights. He has committed adultery against the very thing that he said. He is put away and divorced. God is going to have a virtuous Church, just exactly, a Bride! The Bible said, "The Word is not in you," so what kind of children are you bearing? Pregnated denominationals. There has been no death to separate you from your first lover.

```
John 5:38 And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not.

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**74** "What will the Joneses think if I go to crying and speak in tongues? What will they think if I am rebaptized?" What a nonsense! Are you married to Joneses, are you married to the church, or are you married to Christ the Word? Now, that is why she is still bearing his children. What kind of children does she have? Here are some of their names they call today: Cats, Beatles, Monsters, Rickys, Rickettas. Cats, Beatles. That is church members, sure, sons of Cain. Which are the sons of the subtle beast, just as smooth as they can be.

**75** Now, take a good look for a moment, with your own spiritual insight, at your soul. Just look around. I am speaking across the nation, now. Look just a few minutes, you out there in the Branham Tabernacle, you in the tabernacles on the west coast and Arizona and everywhere you are at, look at yourself for a few minutes. You say, "That message you are preaching, Brother Branham, is wrong." Look at yourself a little bit! Let the Holy Spirit search your minds with the Word. You will agree with the message. Let Christ, the anointed Word, search out your own conscience. Let Him get into you, see if that is right or not. And that's just one or two things to mention when there's hundreds of them!

**76** Does the Bible agree with a woman bobbing her hair? Does the Bible agree with three baptisms in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? No such a thing. Does the Bible agree with women wearing men's clothing? Just take them three there, when there are hundreds of more. Search it out in the Light of God's Word. You say, "I am a church member." So was Cain; so was Eve. The Bible predicts in the last days that the Laodicea will be the same.

```
Deuteronomy 22:5 The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.

Daniel 5:12 Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the interpretation.

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

1 Corinthians 11:5 But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.

```
**77** Let the Holy Spirit search your conscience, and you will agree with Daniel 5:12, when the queen came in before Belshazzar and said, she found out that there was a prophet, Daniel, was among them, and he was a dissolver of doubts. You let the Holy Spirit,He is the Prophet of the day, let Him come into your heart right now, and examine with the Word of God, and the doubts about the message will be all dissolved. He dissolves all the doubts. You find out it is exactly on the Word for this day. You cannot preach Luther's message today! It goes in it, but that is the feet. Cannot preach Wesley! Cannot preach Pentecostal! We are plumb beyond that. They denominated and died. They are the stalk. The stalk came up with the blade, that's the first condition of the church. Now, that there don't look like the first grain that went in the ground, the wheat. The second came forth was the pollen. That still doesn't look like the grain. It looks more like it. It is coming more in the image of the real grain. But the blades don't sure look like the grain that went in the ground. It is a carrier of the life that was in the grain. But what did it do? It denominated just like all other nature, fits in with it. It died.

**78** Then what? The life ran right on up into the tassel. It has got a whole lot of little balls hanging on it. It looks like little grains in it; looks like it is the real grain, but it isn't. Then it drops into the shuck, and what does it bring forth? A shuck. Now, you take a grain of wheat. When wheat is first coming forth as Jesus said, "a corn of wheat", and you take that wheat and open it up, you pull it off the stalk, you look at it, you say, "We got a grain of wheat," be careful. It's just exactly like the grain, but there is not a bit of grain in it. It is the shuck. There are the Pentecostals. So much as Matthew 24:24 said it would deceive the very Elected in the last days if it were possible. But you pull leaf by leaf back. You ain't got no grain. The grain is right back in the back of it, see.

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

```
**79** And then the life comes out of that denomination, goes into the grain. Then what happens? When the grain begins to grow, and it gets bigger so it can cover over something, the denomination pulls away from it. Why haven't we got a denomination out of this? They're never will be. It is the grain. It can't go no farther. We are at the end-time. What does it have to do now? Lay in the presence of the sun to be ripened. Just exactly. The Word to be ripened into your heart to bring forth and live what we are talking about. Yes, sir, then you have no more doubts, if you let the Holy Spirit reveal it to you. Like the queen said about Daniel.

**80** You may say, "What has this all got to do with Thanksgiving? What are you talking about, Brother Branham? Here it is a quarter till nine. You haven't said nothing about Thanksgiving." What a message for the occasion, to me. Yes indeed! The pilgrim fathers were very thankful for their new-found way of life, being separated from the old English denominations and creeds. They could marry to the new anointed Word for their age. That is right. The new anointed Word of their age, for their day. So can we be thankful, as pilgrims like Abraham; separated ourselves from the things of the world and all of our associates. Abraham was a pilgrim. God has separated us from all the dead religions. I am speaking across the nation; now, all the dead creeds. Into what? Separated us and opened to us a new land, a new message for this day. Pentecost dried up and died. Like Luther, Wesley, and the rest of them, it is no more than a bunch of churches pulled together. Good people in there yet, that has got to come out.

**81** What did He do? He opened up the Seven Seals of the last message. Did you notice that? The Seven Seals. Which all the mysteries of the seven church ages were sealed with Seven Seals. The reformers didn't have time to do it in their day. They didn't live long enough. But this blessed revelation of the Seven Seals is opened to us in this last days from a prophecy that went forth to Arizona. How I asked God the other day, "What are You doing with me out here in this desert?" Did you know Moses wrote the New Testament, or the Old Testament? He certainly did. First four books gives the laws and everything: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus and Deuteronomy. He wrote the Old Testament. To do that, he had to leave all his associates and loved ones and go into a desert.

**82** Paul wrote the New Testament. That is right. He wrote Romans and all the rest of them there: Hebrews, and Timothy, and so forth. And to do that, he had to separate himself and go down into Arabia into a desert for three years and get the revelation of God. "Oh," you say, "what about Matthew, Mark, Luke and John?" They were scribes that just wrote what Jesus did. Paul separated it and put the Word together. That is right. Well, then, look. If it taken that and they had to go to a desert away from their loved ones... Remember "What Time Is It, Sir?" How many ever heard it, say, "Amen." Was it exactly right? Then we have got the revelation in this last days for the message of the Lord God to gather His Bride together. No other age has it been promised. It is promised in this age. Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, St. John 14:12, Joel 2:38. Those promises were just exactly like John the Baptist identified himself in the Scripture.

**83** Jesus identified Himself. What did they say? "Away with such a person. John is a wild man." The church wasn't able to receive it. That is the pattern. Neither will the church receive it today.

**84** But to the Elected, God is calling. To the Elected, they know it. Calling the virtuous Bride, the Word, the last day Church, the elected Lady of our Lord Jesus Christ, Word. If Jesus is the Word... How many believes that? All right then, the Bride is always part of the Bridegroom. So the Bride will not be a denomination; it will have to be the Word manifested, to be the Bride of Christ. He promised to do it. He said how He would. He never loses His pattern. He always did it by the pattern. He has done it every time by the pattern. He does it again. Calling out His virtuous Bride in the last days. The lovely Rebekah waiting for her Isaac. What a beautiful time! Here it brings into view the two books that is going to be mysterious to you when you read the book of The Seven Church Ages. The two books. The book of life, one says you can put your name on and it never comes off, and the other says He takes his name out of the book of life. This brings it perfectly in view right here. I am going to stop a few minutes maybe on a few notes here and catch this before we close.

**85** Life is a sacred thing to God, and it is recorded in a book. God is the author of life. Do you believe that? Our natural life here we have is just a perversion. It really should be the right life to begin with, but it is perverted by the natural birth. The first life, or your first union, you were joined in at birth by nature. A natural act, a natural human being associated, man and woman together, associated together in sexual affair which brought your first life here. And that is associated with sin and death! How can you miss seeing the serpent's seed?

**86** When you see the woman a by-product, not another female like her, made in that order, in order she could be deceived. God knowed ... if He didn't know the end from the beginning, then He wasn't God. If He isn't infinite... If He can't be infinite without being omniscient, omnipresent, knowing all things, eternal, so He knew all things. And He had to make that woman. The man didn't have a wife. The wife and the man was the same thing. He had the feminish and masculine spirit in himself. He had to separate, take a by-product after the whole creation made. No female created by God in the original creation can do a thing like that. She was made thus to do it. He knew she would do it. If He didn't, He wasn't God. But see, the attributes that is in God had to be displayed. He was to be a Saviour. And to make everything perfect, the way He had it, then there could be nothing lost. Oh, don't be children; be men and women. We're at the end road.

**87** Notice now, it was nature associated with death. Your first husband that had rule over you was your nature by natural birth. Natural, you love the world because you are the world, and part of the world. Is that right? Your desires was by nature to love the world, which you are a part of. You are a part of nature. You believe that? And that's your natural thing. That's the reason you have to be born again. You have to separate. You have to die to that first husband. You can't live with, you just can't say, "Well, I'll divorce him and hang him up here till the occasion." No, sir. No writing of divorcement. He dies! The nature of the world has to die! Every speck of him has to die. You have to be reunited again with another nature.

**88** Your name of your first nature was born and put in a book of life, and all your deeds was wrote in it, too. Everything you done under that nature was put in a book called the book of life. You notice in Daniel, when he come to the Ancient of days, Whose hair was as white as wool, ten thousands time ten thousands came with Him to minister to Him---the Bride. And then the books were opened, and another book was opened, which was the book of life. There are saints already there, the Church, the Bride. Another book was open, which was the book of life.

```
Daniel 7:9 I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.

Daniel 7:10 A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened.

```
**89** Now, look. But when you were separated from that union by spiritual death... Your natural desire's to cut your hair. Your natural desire's to wear shorts, paint your face. Your natural desire is to be intellectual, smart man, know something better than the other. That is what Eve wanted. That is the very thing she wanted. Well, you say, "You little two-bit, two-by-four preacher stand up there and tell me... I've got a Ph.D., L.L..." That just makes you farther away from God, every time you add one of them. That's right. It's true. See.

**90** That is what Eve took. She was pregnated with that kind of a pregnation. That is what the church is today, by Bible schools and intellectuals. And look. Everyone disagreeing with the other, a big mess up. Just exactly what the Bible said---Babylon! The Bride knows where she stands. She is very few. There won't be many saved. Just a very, very, very few. You say, "Well, they said thousands." Yes, but they've come up through the two thousand years, too, on every age where it come out. Every... Luther's age and that group---and then died off and they denominated. Then Wesley, then come Pentecostals and so forth, and all the little out branches of Baptists, Presbyterians, Methodist, Nazarenes, Pilgrim Holiness, and so forth, see. All those branched off from there like a leaf.

**91** But you remember, when it went down, and the grain began to ripen, you find that before that grain can ripen, everything in that stalk has to be dead. Hallelujah! Can't you see where we are standing? Life is in the grain again! What is it? Just exactly like the same grain that went in the ground! The same Jesus in the Bride form. Same power, same Church, same thing, same Word. The same Word sucked up through these and come out here and come to a head here. And all that life that come through there picked up its people, and now it's forming up into a head for the rapture! Speaking on that tomorrow night or next night, one, the Lord willing. You are separated from your first union by spiritual death. Now you are born again, or remarried again, to the new spiritual union of not your natural life of the things of the world, but of eternal life. That germ that was in you at the beginning found you.

**92** Now, your old book is gone with your old union. Now, your name in your old has been transferred. Now, you say, "Do you mean to tell me, that my old book?" God put it in the sea of His forgetfulness. You stand perfectly before God. Now, your name is now in the new book. Not the book of life, but the Lamb's book of life, what the Lamb redeemed. Not the old book of your natural union, but your new "Bride," hallelujah! Your new life is in the Lamb's book of life, your marriage certificate, hallelujah! Where your true Eternal germ from the beginning takes hold. Now you are not only forgiven, but you are justified. Glory! Justified. Romans 5:1 said. Yeah, Romans 5:1), said, "Therefore being justified by faith."

```
Romans 5:1 Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:

```
**93** Look up the word. The word don't mean forgiven. The word means justified. It don't mean you are forgiven. For instance, you hear that I got drunk and done some evil things and everything. Then you come around saying to me. You found out I didn't do them, then you come around and say, "Brother Branham, I forgive you." Forgive me? I didn't do it at the first place, see. Now, if I did do it, I am guilty. But you could forgive me, and I wouldn't be guilty, but yet I am not justified, because I actually done it. But the word justified, "as though you never done it." It's not even regarded at all. How is it done? In God's book of the sea of forgetfulness, your old book and marriage is divorced and dead and is not even in the memories of God. Amen! You are justified. "Therefore being justified" It was accused, you was accused; you never done it in the first place! The old union is in the sea of God's forgetfulness. You wasn't married to it to begin with. He, the Bridegroom, bore your shame Himself, for you in your place. He took your place, for you were predestinated for Him, to be in His Bride, before the foundation of the world. The Bible said so. You are the predestinated Seed.

**94** How did you come to do this? You were deceived into it by your first marriage, to your adulteress parent Eve, no fault of your own. By your natural birth you come after Eve, who committed adultery. That is the reason you were born an adulteress. You're a sinner to begin with. That's right. You were deceived into it. You had no... It ain't your fault. You never did it, because that little germ that was in you, was to be you before the foundation of the world ... God put your name in the Lamb's book of life.

**95** Like my little eagle story, all of you've heard it. A hen... An old farmer set a hen one time. He didn't have enough eggs to go under the hen, so then he found an eagle egg and put it under it. When the eagle was born, it was the funniest looking chicken them chickens ever seen. Little old eagle going along, the hen would go, "Cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck." Little eagle said, "I don't know what that thing sounds like, but I am following her anyhow." And he went out in the barnyard and begin to scratch in the manure piles, and she went, "cluck, cluck, cluck. This is good. This is good. You join ours. And this is..." That little eagle, he couldn't eat that stuff. He just went along with the chickens, because he didn't know. He didn't know what to do. And then she went out there, and she would get this and that; and the little eagle, he just had to stomach it. He didn't know how to do it, but he had seen all the chickens doing it. But there was something different. He didn't like that.

**96** So one day the mother knowed that she had laid two eggs. So she begin to hunt for that other one. Flying around, searching, like the great Holy Spirit. One day it flew over the barnyard, that denomination. She looked down there, and she seen her baby. She screamed. It was the voice of something that echoed from the inside of him. "Oh, that sounds right!" Oh, let a real predestinated-born germ, predestinated by God hear the Word of God, it's music to him! He knows it's the truth. He was tired of that denominational stuff anyhow: "Join us. Come go with us. We got a social party. We got this, we got..." It just didn't sound right to the little fellow. She said, "Son, you don't belong in that group anyhow. You belong to me. You are mine." He said, "Mama, that sounds real. How I am going to get out of this?" "Just make a jump. I will catch you." That's all you have to do.

**97** The anointed Word of God being vindicated before any man that is born to be a son of God, with the predestinated germ into him for this hour, he will see God's message as sure as there is a God in heaven. Martin Luther saw it for his. Wesley saw it for his. The Pentecostal saw it for his. Now, what about you? They went into denomination. Here is the Word condemning it, telling you what we are to have today and just exactly Malachi 4 and all these other promises for the hour. What do you see? What are you looking at? Amen. Here we are. The real genuine eagle hear. "My sheep know My voice; a stranger they will not follow." Why? It was put in there by predestination. You were foreordained to a son of God. You were in God before the foundation of the world. You are only manifested in this day for His honor and glory. How can you do it without honoring His Word, and stand with every word? Yes, sir, which you are a part of that Word by predestination, because, look, God is the Word. Do you believe it? Well then, if He always was the Word---"In the beginning was the Word."---and if the Word was God, then you were in God. The Word, the part that you are to play, was in God before the foundation of the world. He seen you. He knew you. He predestinated you to it.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 10:4 And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.

John 10:5 And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.

```
**98** I tell you, just as that eagle recognized that voice, so does a real born again Christian recognize the voice of God speaking through the Word, when they see it anointed and vindicated. Look, he looked up there. He didn't see this old hen "cluck, cluck around here," "Join us, and go over here, and go this, and go to this and that." He saw a being like he wanted to be, sailing in the air, screaming free, up in the highs above all the vultures and things of the earth. Hallelujah! He wanted to be that, because it was in him to be that.

**99** And a man that is born of God, a son of God, has to have the nature of God. He has to be like God. He honors God. He is part of the Word of God. And in this last days, when this Bride's taking form just exactly in the same power that He was in at the beginning, come up through these organizations and so forth and come out for the Bride, he can't be nothing else but that.

**100** They ought to've seen it, them Jews in their days, when they seen it manifested there before them, as a prophet said He was. He said, "Search the Scriptures; in them you think you have eternal life: they are they that testify of me." "If I do not the works of my Father, don't believe me. But though you can't believe me, believe the works that I have done." They said, "Our father's eat manna in the wilderness for forty years. We know where we are at." He said, "And they are every one dead." That is eternally separated. Everyone died. There was only three. Two come out of a million, two million. That is one in a million.

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

John 6:31 Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat.

John 6:49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.

John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

```
**101** When an injection, the sperm from male and female, there is usually one egg fertile. There is one egg, one germ that is fertile. If you ever seen hybreeding in cattle. Notice, there's a million eggs, there's a million germs. And when they are discharged to come together to the womb, coming through the tube and into the womb, they meet. One of them is egg. A million eggs, a million germs. There is only one egg in there fertile, there is only one germ fertile. They're all alive. You can watch them little calves, beating around in there, a speck that you could put on a match stem. Demos and them are listening in tonight, and he remembers when we took ... he took me down and showed me how that worked, test tubes. And put in just enough that you could put on the end of a match. There was thousands of little calves and bulls in there, but only one of them can live. Only one of them. And here is a big ball of them here, and you notice one will crawl out from among this one here, go right over the germ, come over here. And an egg will come out from among these other eggs over here, and they'll meet together, and the rest of them die. Yet they are alive, but they die!

**102** Because there is something, Someone made this one fertile, and ordained this one too. It is predestination, my brother. Yes, sir. God has to determine whether it is going to be boy or girl, red-head, black-head, or whatever it is. It is determined by God. More mystery than a virgin birth to me. But notice, the rest of them die. There were two million people come out sung, shouted, done everything, spoke in ... never spoke in tongues, but they shouted, and gave God glory, and danced up and down the sea, and done everything all the rest of them did. But there were only two went into the promised land: Caleb and Joshua. Only two. That is one out of a million. It is one out of a million in natural birth. Every one of them had the same blessing. Oh, you Pentecostals, I hope you don't wake up too late. One out of a million. Look, there is supposed to be five hundred million so-called Christians in the world today. If Jesus would come, there'd only be five hundred go with Him then (if that statistic would run true). Why, there is more than that missing every day over the world. They know nothing about it.

**103** "I understand, said the scribes ... you know that the... Why does the scribes say that Elias must first come?" they said to Jesus. He said, "Elias is already come, and you didn't know it. He did just exactly what the Scriptures said was to happen to him. So must the Son of man suffer under..." They didn't recognize him. Yet they were all in the church, all claimed to be alive. You set a real born again Christian, a real servant of God; hear that Word of God, he will come right out through every denomination into that real fertile ground of the Word, that bedding ground. He will just do it. I don't know how he does it. God has ordained it to be done.

```
Matthew 17:10 And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?

Matthew 17:12 But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.

```
**104** You was deceived in the beginning by your first marriage. Now you know what is true. Just like I said, the little eagle, when he heard the Bridegroom's voice, he went to it. The anointed, vindicated Word of God for the last days. Noah was the vindicated Word for his day. Do you believe that? Well, his message won't work today. Moses was the vindicated Word of his age. Do you believe that? It won't work for now. Jesus was ... John was the vindicated Word. Do you believe that? It wouldn't work in the days of Jesus. Certainly not. No, sir. Law and prophets were until John; since then, the Kingdom of Heaven.

**105** The apostles, them who set forth the Bible. Here come Luther out in Reformation. His words ... his church won't work today. Wesley's won't. Pentecostal's won't. It worked in their day, but it's another day. This is the opening of the Seven Seals. I know it sounds strange to you, but God has vindicated it so perfectly, there is no question in it, just perfectly. I am not scattering that to the local assembly here. I am speaking to the people out across the nation, see. Do what you wish to.

**106** Now, notice, the anointed Word of his day, of which you are a part by predestination. You immediately ... like knew, when you heard that, you knew right quick that you was an eagle. You also realized that you were not a denominational chicken to begin with. You knew there was something wrong there. There is something wrong. That is right, for you know that you were trapped into it at the beginning.

**107** He, the Bridegroom, took away your shame and put it in the sea of forgetfulness by the washing of the water of the Word and the Blood of life. That is what the Bible said. Your first husband that you were married to, the world, the anointed Bridegroom, which foreordained you, has washed you by the washing of the water by "the church"... That don't sound right, does it? You might find that in the almanac, but not in God's Bible. "By the washing of the water by the Word." In the Word, see. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. This is my message to the church now as you ... as we go off the air just in a minute. You are standing, if you are standing on God's Word and with God's Word, every amen, every jot, every tittle... Where are you standing? I am trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks, and get out here in the wheat where you can get ripe before the sun. I hear the coming of the combine. You are standing complete, justified, like you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah! Talk about a Thanksgiving! I feel real good. I am more thankful for that than anything I know of. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless Bride of the Son of the living God. Every man and woman that is born of the Spirit of God, and washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, and believes every word of God, stands as though you never sinned at the first place. You are perfect. The blood of Jesus Christ... How can you ... if a man...

```
Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**108** If I was supposed to die in the morning, a man took my place, I cannot die for that sin. Somebody took my place. And Jesus, the Word, took my place. He become me, a sinner, that I might become Him, the Word. Amen. Let me hold true to it. Not the church, the Word. Amen. Oh, that spiritual union of Christ in His church now, when the flesh is becoming Word, and the Word is becoming flesh! Manifested, vindicated. Just what the Bible said would happen in this day. It is happening, day by day. Why, it is accumulating so fast out there on those deserts, and things taking place, that I couldn't even keep up with it. We are near the coming of Jesus to be united with His church, where the Word becomes the Word. The call of the Holy Spirit searching the hearts.

**109** You're standing completely. You never sinned in the first place. God don't even know... It is in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser, but really, from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son or daughter of God. You are standing there washed, and your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead, absolutely out of existence even in the mind of God. You are the virtuous Bride of Christ, washed in the Blood of Christ. Precious, virtuous, sinless Son of God standing with a pure, unadulterated Bride Word that He washed by the water of His own Blood, that become flesh and manifested that He might take you, which were predestinated in the bosom of the Father before the beginning, the same as He was. He was that great attribute of God called love.

```
Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**110** Whatever you are, you are servants of God---whatever God wants you to do, where your place is. God placed In the Church some apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors. He placed that by virtue of His own predestination. And you were that to begin with. Your first wedding was annulled. You never done it in the first place. Because there is only one thing could do it, that would be God come down, Himself, and took your place in a form of the Son of God, Jesus Christ; and washed you by the water ... of the washing of the water by the Word. The Word, not the denomination! The Word washed you! But if you won't stand in the water of the Word, how are you going to be washed? You are still as spotted as Eve was. "Oh, dear dying Lamb, Thy precious Blood shall never lose it's power till all the ransomed Church of God be saved to sin no more."

**111** What is sin? Sin is unbelief. Unbelief in what? The Word. Unbelief in God, which is the Word. Pure, unadulterated. Oh, hallelujah! Leaving soon for the skies. Amen. Standing ready. Think. Your garments washed by the water of the bleeding Word. The Word become Blood. The Word bled for you, and you are washed in bleeding Word. The Word bleeding. The life of God in the Word, and the Word was bled for you, that you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes and be cleaned and sanctified by the washing of the water of the Word, that makes your mind and heart stayed on God and on His Word.

```
Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**112** Now, how do you know it is true? When God comes down and vindicates it and proves it. You say, "Well, I didn't believe it that way." They didn't believe it Jesus' way, but God proved it. They didn't believe it Noah's way. They didn't believe it Moses' way. They were willing to take Balaam's word for it. "We are all the same, so let's just associate together." "Separate yourself," the Bible said, "from unbelief."

```
2 Corinthians 6:17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

```
**113** Hallelujah! Now, notice. You're not only that, but you are going to the wedding in the sky, and you are wearing the wedding band of predestinated, unmerited grace. A wedding band of grace, unmerited of your own. God did it Himself. He knew you before the foundation of the world, so He slipped the wedding band on you there, put your name on the book. What a Thanksgiving. Hallelujah! Praise our God!

**114** Now, in closing, I might say this. We all know that the modern church Pentecostal, in it's present condition, all the denominations together... I throw them all in one bundle because they are. You remember, He is going to bundle the weeds first and burn them. He takes all the wheat stalks and burns it all up first, then He comes and gets His wheat and takes it home. They are all gathering in a bundle. Bundle of Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal and all going to the Ecumenical Council. That's right. They are all burned, see.

**115** We all know that the modern church in its present condition and its present state is in no condition to finish up the great commission that God gave the Church for this day. How many Pentecostals can say "amen" to that? That is right. We are oneness, twoness, threeness, this, that, other, fuss, fight. One is this, one is that and the other. And everyone of them is afraid to face the Word right down to the test. They know... You can tell them about it, they say, "I can't help it, I can't believe that. I don't care what he does." Shows what mammy and pappy you have. You might be a state presbyter some day, you might be this, that, or the other; you'd better be a son of God.

**116** Now, we know that the church could not, the Pentecostal church, by no means, by no means could carry out the last day message in its present condition. Could it? Why, they can't even agree on one or two words of the Bible. How are you going to do it? It can't do it. So you see, denomination is out. That is right. It is going to be an lected people, that's elected for it. Now note. And so do everyone of us know that the whole rank of denominationals, Pentecostal and all, are dead---that is to the born again Christians of the message. Your first husband is dead. You know he is dead. God let it die. It is finished. All of its scientific, intellectual, educational, scientific ways of its so-called Bible schools and things is perished. What has it done? Separated. Oneness here, and trinities here, and twoness here, and over here, and down here. Such a mess-up, and call themselves "Pentecostals."

**117** Why I went to a young man (he is listening in right now) and a young woman. She belonged to a certain church, and she said they were separated. I said, "What is the matter?" Said, "We are different faiths." I said, "Oh, I am sorry. Are you Catholic?" She said, "No." She told me the denominational church she belonged to---a Pentecostal. I said, "What are you?" He was Pentecostal too, but another denomination. Oh! You know the Roman Catholic church started off Pentecostal? How many knows that true? It taken it two thousand years to get where it has got now. Just don't take nothing of the Scripture no more. Nothing. Why, the Pentecostals in twenty years from now will be worse than they are now, if it keeps on going the way it is now. Why sure. See? What is it? What is it? Look who their papa and mama is. Let their women cut their hair. They can do nearly anything they want to, as long as they belong to this church. That is all that is necessary.

**118** Oh, no wonder, no wonder the damnation of God is heaped up! God put it right before your eyes, and you shut your eyes and fail to look at it. Shutting up your bowels of compassion when you see the true Word of God in these Seven Seals being vindicated and proved to be so, and witnessed in the heavens across the nations and everywhere else by great signs and wonders that He promised He would do. Then you shut up and say, "I don't know, I can't help it, I..." Oh, my! Dead, and don't know it! Sins and trespasses, you are dead. Oh, my!

```
1 Timothy 5:6 But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.

1 John 3:17 But whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?

```
**119** We all know that the church in that condition couldn't finish up this last day. How could it bring Malachi 4 in? How could it do it? They don't even believe in such a thing. How could it believe and bring in Luke 17:30? How could it bring in all these other Scriptures that are promised in this last days? It couldn't do it, because it denies it! "As it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." Look at the condition that Sodom was in in that day. Look at the condition of the church today. Look what happened to Abraham, the elected. Look what happened to Lot and those down in Sodom. Look at Billy Graham and Oral Roberts and them down there amongst those denominations. Look at the Elected Abraham's church pulled out.

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**120** Look what kind of sign that Jesus Himself ... the incarnated God, standing there in human flesh. You say, "That was an angel." The Bible said it was God. Lord God, Elohim, standing there in human flesh, showing that He would so anoint His church in the last days, it would be God working in human flesh again. "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be at the coming of the Son of man." Same kind of thing. You can see it right there in the Scriptures. "Read ... search the Scriptures; for in them you think you have eternal life: and they are they that testify of this."

```
Genesis 18:22 And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**121** So, we know they are dead. God let it die in its own selfish, scientific, educational programs. All the Pentecostals used to... You talk about sending a kid away to Bible school, back when old Brother Route and them were around here, they would run you out of the church! But, oh, now it is the greatest thing. "My son is away in Bible school." He is digging his grave. Now, you think they could take it today? You think I am trying to support ignorance? I am not. I am telling you there is a difference between this intellectual age that we are living in, where the church has been pregnated with science and all these so-called figured out and everything... You don't figure out God. Why, them priests had God figured out so perfect, they knew how the Messiah was going to come. But He come so different from what they had figured out---it wasn't scientific. "How could this man, being an illegitimate child...? Where did he go to school at? Where did his education come from? Where did he get this learning?" "Why you try to teach us? You were born in fornication." Oh, for goodness sake.

**122** See the same thing repeat again? See it repeat again? All in their religious science. Religious science---according to what their Bible school says. That is the way they want it. That is the way it has to be or it isn't. God just fools them every time. It always comes different! It did in Noah's time, did in Moses' time, did in Christ's time, did in John's time, did in the disciple's time, did in Wesley's time, did in Luther's time, did in Pentecostal's time, and so has it again. It don't change its pattern; it always comes in the same thing. Only reformers through the six ages, till the seventh, in Revelation 10, said in this hour it would change. And it did.

```
Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Revelation 10:7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.

```
**123** Now, we're closing in saying this: Finish up the great commission? How could they do it? We know they are dead. God let it die in its scientific age all of it is so... So He could do what? Open up the Seven Sealed mystery to the undenominational Bride. How can a denomination accept those Seven Seals? when it is absolutely contrary, serpent's seed and all those other things, the whole full seven mysteries is contrary to what they have been taught, because they took the old school from the Bible school. And the Seven Seals of God, when it was opened there on the mountain... God let me die right now in this pulpit if that isn't the truth. I foretold you a year and six months before it happened, when He told me to go to Arizona and what would happen out there in the desert. And there's men sitting right here tonight that were standing right there present when the seven angels came down. And even the magazines, Life Magazine, packed the article of it. It was right there in the observatory, and everything, now they don't even know what it is all about. And everything that has been said, even to the destruction of California coming up now, and all these other things. And how I told them how many days it would be, how it would be where this great earthquake would happen in Alaska, and that would be the beginning of the sign of time, and what would take place, and just word by word what it said. It has never failed one time. You've never seen it fail. And it can't fail, because it's God's Word; and heavens and earth will pass away, but it can't fail!

**124** God had to open up those Seven Seals. Not in a denomination. I have always been against it. But out of the denomination He might take a Bride. Not a denominational bride, He couldn't do it. It's against His own Word. He opened those seven mysteries in there, that shows forth, brings forth, those things that have been hid since the foundation of the world, might be revealed in the last days to sons of God. They brought that forth now before the people that they see it. There you now ... to this undenominational bride. Oh, my, there is your two books. One of them is the Lamb's book of life. Your name on there is predestinated on there. It can't go because you can no more take that away than nothing, see, because it was foreordained to be on there. But the regular book of life, you can take that off at any time. If you don't repent, it is off anyhow, because you are going to stand in the judgment. The Bride don't even stand in the judgment. It goes in the rapture.

**125** Just as I say this in closing. It is getting late. It is almost nine-thirty and we are going to be out of here by nine-thirty the Lord willing. Just real reverent now. Listen. One time... Saying this now, this goes across the nation. In New York now it is twenty-five minutes after eleven. Way up in Philadelphia and around through there, those dear saints sitting there listening right now in churches all around. Way up, way down around Mexico, way up around in Canada and all around, across. Two hundred miles anywhere within the North American continent here, almost, people's there listening right now. Thousands times thousands listening. That is my message to you, Church. You that is a union, spiritual union by the Word, that you are dead to these old husbands, you are born anew, don't try to dig him up. He is dead. If you are a born again Christian, that little germ that is predestinated in you, it is Word coming on Word, on Word, on Word, on Word, until it comes the full stature of Christ. That's right. So He can come and get His Bride. Now, we are just ready for one thing. That is the coming of the Lord.

**126** There is your name on the book of life. The book of life is the Word of God, because the Word is God, and God is the only thing that is life. So your name was represented in the Bible before the Bible become on word. And if you are here to do that, won't it vindicate that Word? Won't the Church vindicate itself? Won't Malachi 4 and all these other things perfectly, perfectly, vindicate itself and show that that is what it is? When Jesus come He said, "If I do not the works that is promised for me to do, don't believe me." Which one of the groups did He join? He said, "All of you are of your father the devil, and his works you do." See? We are in the last days, Church. That is my Thanksgiving message to you.

```
John 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.

John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

```
**127** Now, before closing. One time I was up in Glacier National Park. We had heard all day long that they had a "glacier of fire" that was going to fall at night. So the people was busy all day long getting that thing ready, because they was going to pour that fire out that night. They put a liquid ... fire falls like a great glacier of water; looked like a rainbow almost when it comes out of that fire, falling out of this glacier. All around through the park, wife and I and children walked around through the day, we wanted to stay to see that fire exhibition. So it was promised us that we would see it, we'd witness it again. They said they have it every, through the summer seasons and so forth. I said, "Well, will we be able to see it?" They said, "We promise it tonight." We're promised that. Said, "They are up there getting it ready now."

**128** After all I had been made ready for the event... That is what is taking place right now. All is being made ready for the event. A Church being pulled out for His name's sake. Taking His Bride out from amongst the world, these denominations, all the world, and the filth, and things of the world. Everybody ... the event was made ready. Everybody was standing out, and said. "Now keep watching, right on top the mountain there." That is the way it has always come. That is the way it is to come this time. That is the way it always come. Not through a denomination. Never did God use a denomination. Never! The reformer goes forth. He gets the Word of the Lord, and then when he dies, they build a denomination out of it. That is what the Pentecostals and all did. When the new issues and everything ... that is the way everything come out. A new word added, then they build a church out of it. Made a denomination, separated themselves. It had to be that way. You can't beat nature. Nature falls in the same routine all the time: stalk, leaf, tassel and so forth, shuck, then the wheat.

**129** Now, notice. All was ready. Everything had been kindled and made ready. And everybody was standing out. I had my head sticking up, my arm around my wife, we was looking. Children standing there, all were looking up like that. My, it was something, because we was expecting it. It was promised to us. Amen. The Word promises is this: "It shall come to pass before the great and terrible day of the Lord shall come, behold, I will send unto you Elijah the prophet. He shall turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers." "It shall come to pass in the last days, I will pour out my Spirit from on high. The former and latter rain shall come together in the last days." All these promises, through the Scriptures, has been given. We are looking upward watching, the true Bride across the nation this hour. Looking up. Church, He is coming one of these days. Just as sure as He come the first time, He is coming again. Get everything ready. Separate yourself from shuck. Lay before the sun. Keep looking up. Be under expectation.

```
Joel 2:23 Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.

Joel 2:28 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:

Joel 2:29 And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.

Malachi 4:5 Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:

Malachi 4:6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.

Acts 2:17 And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

```
**130** All at once we heard something from the top of the hill, a voice come down through the loud speaker, said, "All things are ready!" Then this man, standing right there by the side of me, said, "Let the fire fall!" There it come, pouring down across that mountain---a glacier of fire, and blazes a licking, a sight to behold. Brother, let's get all things ready, for one of these days the fire is going to fall, we're going up. Now, let's get ready for the fire-falling time. We are in the last days. We all know that. And we are ready for the coming of the Lord. The thing to do is separate yourself from all sin. Separate yourself from anything that pertains to the world. Don't love the world or the things of the world. Let no man, by his creed, deceive you. You stay right straight in the promise of God, the Word of God. And that Word, if it is the Word for this age, God vindicates it so. If He doesn't, it is not the Word for this day. The Word that fell on the day of Pentecost will not work this day. No, sir. That was for Pentecost; this is for the Bride, going home of the Bride. We got something different. The Pentecostals represented that again. We are in the Bride age. No more than the Word of Noah would have worked in the days of Moses. No more than Moses' Law would have worked in the time of Paul, here. He tried to tell them, "You are dead to that! And you cannot have that!"

**131** Church, you who I am speaking to tonight across the nation, if you've separated yourself from denomination and all the filth and things of this world, and all those things that keeps you in man-made creeds and orders and things like that, and you separated yourself, look up! Get ready! The fire is going to fall one of these days. God is going to let Him come, and a sight to behold. Would you be ready when He comes? Would you be ready to go up with Him when He comes? The secret rapture of the supernatural bride. "She will be made from mortal to immortality, be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. We which are alive and remain shall not prevent them which are asleep."

```
1 Corinthians 15:52 In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.

1 Corinthians 15:53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.

1 Thessalonians 4:15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.

```
**132** The other day on Armistice Day, I was standing down there in Tucson, my little boy wanted to see the parade. I was studying, and I didn't have time to do it, and I had a lot of sick calls and things. So, he said, "Daddy, they won't take me." He said, "Take me." I said, "All right." Brother Simpson (I think he is here) and his little boy wanted to go; so I jerked him in the car and run down. I stood there on the corner and watching. After while I heard way back in a distance a muffle coming, "b-brmp, brmp," drums beating. I stood there, I thought, "Well, these little fellows, they really ... read all these books about army. They will really like that. I noticed coming up first was the old World War I tank. There they come up---little bitty fellows like that. There was next come after that was the big new tank of the Second World War---the big Sherman tank with a muzzle break on it. Then come the next, and the next, and after awhile come the Gold Star mothers. And then after awhile come twelve veterans that was left in the whole state of Arizona from the First World War---twelve veterans. After that come a float, the unknown soldier---the little white cross. There stood a sailor, marine, and a soldier standing guarding. A little partition on the float. On the other side was an old, gray-headed mother, sitting with a gold star pinned on her; a little lovely wife crying---her husband was dead; a little ragged boy with his head turned sideways---his daddy was killed. Then behind that come more, and more, and more, and then to the new army. I stood there. What a sight to behold; but how sad.

**133** I thought, "O God, one of these days I am going to behold another sight." There will come forth a resurrection day, which the first will be last, and they which are last will be first. The old prophets will come breaking forth first, and they see that procession going marching up in the air. And "we which are alive and remain shall not hinder them which are asleep, for the trumpet of God shall sound, the dead in Christ shall rise first, and we will fall right in line with them, going in!" Hallelujah! All down through the age of Luther, Wesley, Methodist, Presbyterian, on down to the last age, who receive the Word in their age. God bless you. Get all things ready, and the fire will fall.

```
1 Thessalonians 4:15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.

1 Thessalonians 4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:

```
**134** Let's bow our heads just a moment. I wonder, in this visible audience tonight, while I have held you here till 9:30, is there one here, is there a dozen here; how many here says, "Brother Branham, I am ashamed of myself, the way I have lived. I have catered a lot to a denomination of man. I know that I am not up with the Word of God. I am just going to ask you to pray for me, Brother Branham"? Raise up your hands. God bless you, God bless you. Just look. Way up into the balconies and around. God bless you. "I know..." Now don't be ashamed. Now don't be...

**135** And out yonder across the nation, from New York to California, from Canada to Mexico, you people that are gathered in those churches where those faithful little groups that's believed this message with all their hearts... They have come out; come out of great tribulations, come out through those denominations. They're germs of life. Do you feel an urging tonight like the little eagle that you hear something that is a little different from what you have heard? But yet in your heart you know it is the truth. You in there. There is a pastor standing in there somewhere; you got your hand up, I am going to pray for you. These things wasn't done in a corner, friends. Remember, "Strait is the gate and narrow is the way, and but few there will be that will find it." Don't go with that crowd that is moving on yonder, friends---that Laodicea church age. It could jump up and down and dance under music, lukewarm. Didn't say it was ice cold, now. It said it was lukewarm. That is the Pentecostal. And don't know that it is miserable, wretched, and blind. Blind to what? The Word, to the manifestation of the Word, because it never come through their organization. They cannot receive it.

```
Matthew 7:14 Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.

Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

Revelation 3:17 Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:

```
**136** And you ministers down there in Tucson tonight, I don't hold you responsible for that. God does. I was there for three years. I told you I wouldn't start a church. I didn't. Brother Pearry Green started it. I was there three years, and not one time did you invite me to your pulpit. I sat in Tucson for nearly three years. God will take me from the desert one of these days. This message must live. I have tried my best to get into you. I know the reason you did it. You hear why the reason you did it? Your denomination would kick you out. And you know, many of you I have talked to there at Furr's Restaurant, you know it is the truth. Shame on you. Come out of it. Get out of there, Brother. If there's any life in you, you will be like that little eagle I just spoke of---you will hear the Word of God. Remember, you are going to hear this for the last time one of these days. We are real close now. Won't you come tonight?

**137** Dear God, we sit solemnly now. A Thanksgiving day it really is, Lord. I am grateful, Lord, to be living in this day. This is the greatest day. Paul, the apostle, longed to see this day. The great men of old longed to see it. The prophets longed to see it. They looked for this day. Abraham looked for this day, for he sought for a city whose builder and maker was God. It hangs right above us tonight. John seen the Spirit of God descending out of Heaven, bore record and knew that that was the Son of God. And think now, He is choosing His Bride. Dear God, out across the land everywhere speak to their hearts. You are the only one that can change their hearts. If that wasn't seed put in there at the beginning, they will never see it, Lord. They just ... the blind will lead the blind, and they will fall in the ditch as sure as anything, because Your Word says they will.

```
Matthew 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

John 1:32 And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.

John 1:34 And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God.

Hebrews 11:10 For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

```
**138** Now, Father, may we see across the country, around the world, in Africa, dozens and dozens through South Africa, Mozambique, all across the country, little assemblies taking these tapes. And so will this tape go to twenty some odd different nations. They are beginning to see it and pull away, hundreds and hundreds of them. Won't take many, Lord. And when the last member is received into the body, Christ will come. Lord God, I am asking the Bride tonight, the ones that I feel has pulled away and waiting, may they separate themselves from everything of the world. They must lay in the presence of the warm sunlight of the Son of God, bathing in His Word and His love. Grant it, dear God.

**139** May these people here visible who held up their hands tonight, dozens of them through this great tabernacle, I pray, God, that new Life will come into them. I pray that for across the nation, and even around the world where the tape will be played, that they, also, will receive this Thanksgiving message, and know by the hints and things that have been throwed, what they must do. I pray it, Father. Grant it. Bless them. They are Yours. I know it is customary, now, Father, that we ask the people to the altar. And I pray, dear God, that in every mission, everywhere around and in across the world, that they will come to the altar; the black, the white, the yellow, brown, wherever they are. The rich, the poor, the indifferent, the beggars, whatever they are; the denominationals, those who sit self-styled and self-centered. O God, naked, miserable, wretched, blind and don't even know it. You said it would be that way, and it is that way. So I pray, Father, that You will call every seed tonight. And everywhere around the world that this may fall, may it catch that little eagle that knows the voice of his Lord. Grant it, Lord. I commit them to You in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Revelation 3:17 Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:

```
**140** Now, with your heads bowed, here in the visible audience, would some here that hasn't been saved, not even given your heart to God, don't you think you ought to be thankful for what Jesus did for you? To think that you are a sinner, that you are an alien from God, and yet something is in your heart knocking. How do you know but what you are one of those little eagles. You are miserable and will be miserable until you surrender to it. Why not make this one of the greatest Thanksgivings you ever had, when you received Jesus Christ as your Saviour. Will you come up here and stand at the altar? I will pray with you, if you will come. Any sinner, man or woman, boy or girl, church member or not church member. Church member doesn't make you a Christian, now. The altar is open. Will you come? Any sinner that would want to come and receive the Lord Jesus Christ, would like to really quit... some of you denominationals that would like to quit feeding on that chicken food, saying you belong to this and it's all right, you really want to know what the real Baptism of the Holy Ghost is? Come find out.

**141** The altar is open. We are ready. Just come right up out of your seat, come right on up and kneel down here at the altar, like this brother that's just come. Thanksgiving. O God, I am so thankful to You, that all my life I've knowed there has been something, Lord. I have never been satisfied. I have tried. I thought next year I will do it; the next week I will do it; the next time I hear an altar call. I will some day. I put it off and put it off. But, Lord, I know there is something wrong with me. I always believed that there was something different. And now, Lord, tonight I am thankful for a preparation that's been made by the Son of God, that my sins---actually my unbelief---would be washed away from me. I am coming tonight, and kneel down, to accept the great Thanksgiving blessing that Jesus Christ did for me, when He died for me at Calvary.

**142** Will you come? Now, there are people kneeling around the altar here. Why don't you get up and come? You have wanted to do it. You've tried it. Just think of Brother Lyle Palmer, our good precious brother. He was sitting in the yard, so I understand, looking at his little girl playing croquet out there or something, and he pitched over in the chair and was dead before he could even make a move. You don't know what time you are going to leave here. You just don't know what time that you are going. It may be yet tonight. So why not come and settle it now? Come on, people. Can't you feel something tugging at you? I know that there is many of you here that should be right here at the altar. Just this six or seven people here is not what is sitting in here. Now, if you believe me and watch here at the platform and things happening, you believe me now. One day my voice will be stilled, and you won't hear it no more. You might wish you would have come. You say, "But, Brother Branham, I have been a church member..." That don't make any difference what you have been. So had Nicodemus been a church member. So had John, Peter, James, Paul, all the rest of them, been church members.

**143** Paul was a church member until something happened one night, or one day it was, and he come. He was a changed church member, then, to a son of God. Won't you come? Oh, he was trained, he was intellectual, he knowed he was trained. One of the greatest training schools there was, Gamaliel. One of the finest teachers there was in the land, but he knowed he needed something. Won't you come? Once more I ask you in, whether here or around the nation, I ask you wherever you are and what assembly you are at this Thanksgiving hour. Remember I am being taped here (not only here but in heaven). You know it is scientifically proved that every move you make is recorded. They proved that. Remember, television proves that. The television doesn't manufacture the picture, you're the picture. It just transmits that, what you are doing, into a channel. You are there anyhow. See, when you move your finger, that move goes around the world. Every time that you put on a dress, your looks goes around the world. It is on a record. Every thought that goes through your mind is on a record, and someday the record is going to quit playing. It is going to be put in the album.

**144** And then at the judgment it's going to come back. There you stand with bobbed hair, claiming to be Christian. There you stand with thoughts in your mind against the Word. Right in your mind. You can't hide it. Remember, television, science even, knows that's true. You are standing right now, knowing that you should be here. Remember, that when this is recorded, at the Day of the judgment that same thought that you are having will be coming right back through your mind again. That will be right on record; the whole world will see it played. Why don't the world, looking at you on the Day of judgment, all the angels there... "If you are ashamed of Me here, when your picture is being made now, at the Day of the judgment I will be ashamed of you; for I anointed My Word, sent it to you and you wouldn't believe it. You hid yourself behind something." "Oh," you say, "I'm good enough. I have done this. I have danced in the Spirit. I have spoke in tongue." So does the heathens. "I shouted." So does the heathens. How can you turn back on the Word then? why not? Why not come to Him now? Why not, why not? Why not come to Him now? Why do you wait, dear brother, Oh, why do you tarry so long? Jesus is waiting to give you, A place in His sanctified home. (But you're one of the members of His body) Why not? (Oh, little eagle, come) why not come to...

```
Mark 8:38 Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.

Luke 9:26 For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.

```
**145** Lord, I'm thankful. I'm very thankful. Thanksgiving to You, Lord. Not for natural food (yet that), but, Lord, the end-time's here. I'm thankful for this spiritual food, Lord---the spiritual food of the Seven Seals was promised to be opened. You say, "That will be something different?" No, no. You can't add one word or take... It's already in there. It's just hid, it's sealed. How many understands that, say, "Amen." See, you say, "Well, that's a mystery that will come forth." No, no. It's already written. You can't add one word to it or take one from it. See, it's already in there. It's just got to be revealed in the last days.

**146** Won't you come? Come on now, friends. If you can't understand, come kneel down and talk to Him about it. If I can't make it plain to you, He will; for He is the dissolver of all doubts. ... in His sanctified throne. Why not? (Won't you come?) why not? why not come to Him now? Remember, there's a recording making of this. Not only on this tape, but God's great record. Each one of you, every move. When you bow your head, bow your heart, what thought goes through your mind, remember, it's being recorded right now in Glory, and the record is going to be played on the Day of judgment. Where's your decision? Oh, how you'll want it changed at that Day!

**147** I'm just going to wait because there are many, many, around the altar now. See, maybe one of them, if I held just a little longer, might be another one out there. Might be somewhere in New York, it might be somewhere in Philadelphia, out in California, Arizona, somewhere there might be another one coming. Pastor, wherever you are, don't give the altar call up now. We may never see another Thanksgiving. This might be the last one, and the records will be put up tonight for the last time. The tape will run out one of these days. The record will be cut and it'll be in God's album. And it's going to be played back what your thoughts is now. Don't say you didn't know different---you do. "But no man can come to me except my Father draws him. And all the Father has given me, they will come."

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**148** I believe if I was sitting out there somewhere tonight, and I had the least thought, I'd sure take up here as hard as I could. why not? Why not come (Are you finished? You sure you're not grieving His Spirit now?) Let's keep our heads bowed then. You sure you haven't grieved His Spirit? You sure you've done just exactly what He told you to do? You positive now? Remember, you might not ever have another chance. The record may be finished up tonight. This may be all of it. This may be the last tape for you. Are you sure you are ready now? If so, I leave it in your hands, in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**149** While the choir is singing softly, I'm going to pray for these that are down here. I'm just kind of a very odd sort of a Christian. I believe that God has to do the saving, and I believe that God has to plant the Word. "I, the Lord," says the Bible, Isaiah, "I, the Lord, hath planted it. I will water it day and night, lest some should pluck it from my hand." Before I ask anyone to come around the altar with these people, I want to pray for them myself. Let's bow our heads now.

**150** Dear Jesus, I just quoted Your Word, that Your prophet said, and I know the words of the prophets are true. And You said, "I, the Lord, hath planted it." Well certainly. You put it on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. "I, the Lord, hath planted it; and I will water it day and night, unless some should pluck it from my hand." These probably, Lord, has heard a-many altar call, but You're still watering at it, Lord. Here they are tonight. May they just turn lose tonight, Father, from all of the things of the world, all the sins and troubles that's in their hearts. Just sanely, reverently, in their heart, turn lose to Your Word right now, and say, "Lord Jesus, down in my heart, I've always believed that there was something for me that I never have received yet. Though I've tried, as the expression has been made tonight, to follow the hen, but there was something seemed strange to me. It didn't sound just right. And tonight I feel that I'm coming now closer into the arms of the living Word. I'm coming here just as reverently, in my right mind; I've settled down here by this altar. I want salvation, Lord, so bad. I'm so hungry. I want You, Lord, to hold me in Your arms tonight. Not through any emotion, but through the Spirit of love. Take me into Your arms, dear God. I'm Your child. I feel that I'm that eagle they were talking about. Catch me, Lord, I'm jumping. I raised up from my seat and knelt down here. Catch me, Lord. I'm jumping. Bring me on Your wings, Lord, away from these things of the world. Let me fly away from the filth of this world; from my bad habits, from all of my denominational traditions. Let me come only to You, dear God, that Your Holy Spirit might pour into me the forgiveness of all of my doubts. May I, tonight, become Your child, fresh-born, and a new creature, tonight. Catch me, carry me away beyond the clucking of the hen. Carry me away to the Eagle's nest, where there that I can be nurtured by the Word of God until I'm able to fly. Grant it, dear God. Take them. They're Yours. This is my prayer with sincerity, praying over dying people. Grant it, Father. I offer this prayer in their behalf. For the glory of God, I ask it. Now with our heads bowed.

```
Isaiah 27:3 I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day.

```
**151** I wonder, around the altar now, you that's knelt here, many of you claim to be Christians, but you've felt that there was always something somewhere that you didn't possess. You might have done all of the religious acts. You might have shouted. You might have done all things. You might have danced in the Spirit, you might have spoke in tongues. And no one can say anything wrong against that. That is true. That's all good. But you see, that's gifts of the Spirit without the Spirit. If the Spirit was there, that feeling wouldn't be feeling condemned like that. Do you really sincerely, here at the altar, believe that right now while you are here, that just the act of turning yourself lose, not an emotion now, but in genuine unadulterated faith, that God will receive you and nurture you with His Word until you are eagles, yourself, and can fly? If you do, and you want God to do that, raise up your hand, you that's around the altar. God bless you. Each one has their hands up.

**152** Now real quietly, I'm going to ask consecrated men and women who really know God... Most of them, it's very strange (it seems like it's that way), altar calls that I make is mostly all men. You know, in the regular run it is women, but all men here. I think there is one woman at the altar tonight, maybe two. It's usually women, but somehow or another, I guess that ... like women think that I talk against them. I don't, sisters. (Three, I believe somebody said there is. I can't see over the top of the altar.) All right, some of you consecrated Christians come here and stand with me in prayer just a minute. On the altar, wherever you are, on the platform, somebody that really knows God, who knows how to stand here just a few minutes for prayer with them, then we'll dismiss the audience. Everybody be real reverent, now. Don't leave, just come here and stand around. Some of you people that really believe this to be the truth that we are entering another age, we are entering the raptured age. You know, the church can't go in its condition. And it can't get any better; it must get worse. How many knows that, say, "Amen." It's got to get worse, and it can't go like this. See, it's got to be something, and it's moving right now, friends. It's on, the move is on for the Bride. That's the truth. That's "THUS SAITH THE LORD." Move up now, consecrated Christians that wants your record to find out that these who come sincerely, that you want to come and offer prayer with them as your brothers and sisters, come up around the altar. Stand around here just a moment for prayer. Someone else want to come? Stand around here. Just kneel down by them, just walk where ... you men around those men; you women, sweetly, humbly ask prayer for them. Dear God, help these.

**153** I surrender all. I surrender my denomination, I surrender my first wedding. I surrender my first husband. I surrender everything, Lord. %#All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all. I surrender all, ^^(Do you surrender your own ideas? Can you surrender your own ideas to God's Word?)^^ All to thee, my blessed Saviour I surrender all.

**154** All that believe now, in the audience, stand up. Let's sing it, together, now. I surren-... You all surrender, ready to sing it now? I... To Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surren-... Now, you around the altar, if you really surrender, raise your hand up to Him, sing, I surrender all. I surrender denomination. I surrender denomination. I surrender church. I surrender myself. I surrender my idea. All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all. To Thee, my... I surrender all, I surrender all. All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all. Do you really mean it? I surrender all, [Gap in the audio]

**155** You here that's around the altar that's prayed, the church has prayed for you; you have prayed yourself. Now, there is only one way that you can be saved. That's by faith are ye saved, and that by grace. The grace of God spoke to you, brought you to the altar. You're seeking God's blessings, you're seeking His Word, you're seeking the Holy Ghost, you're seeking the favors of God. If you are, and you can really with all your heart surrender it. Now don't look for any emotion; look for a truth, a truth that's from your heart by faith. "Lord, I'm willing to do anything that Your Word commands me to do. I surrender myself with all that's in me." If you believe that with all your heart, I want you to raise up to your feet, turn around to this church, the audience, and raise your hands up and we'll sing it together with them. "I surrender everything that's in me, God. To the best of my knowledge, everything that I am I surrender." Step upon this platform here, you that are at the altar. Step right up here on this platform, brethren. Right up here, all of you that are brothers and sisters. Look here church. [A sister speaks.]

**156** A sister here, out of a denomination, she said, "I belonged to a denomination." We don't have to call it. She's a worker in there, but she said, "Brother Branham, I want to get out to the truth. I want something [unclear words] ." Let me quote His Word: "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled." Now you here on the platform that's just come, if you are ready to surrender everything that you are, everything to obey the Word of God, we already told you this week what to do. Now, if you're ready to surrender right now to Him, just raise up your hands like this to the audience. Now, you here on the platform, let's sing it together now, "I surrender all." Everybody together. %#I surrender all, I surrender all, All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all.

```
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

```
**157** Do you really mean it? Say, "Amen." Say, "Amen," once more. Say, "Lord, search me. Try me. And give me an opportunity. This is all I can do tonight, is give myself to You. You know the hunger of my heart. You know my desire. Your promise was to fill that desire. Now I expect it, and I surrender to You. %#All together: I surrender all, I surrender all, All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all.
