---
Date: 1965-04-24
Title: One in a million
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Clifton's Cafeteria in Los Angeles, California, U.S.A
Duration: 48 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# One in a million



**1** Thank you, Brother Shakarian, and good morning, friends. Certainly good to be here in Los Angeles again this morning prior to this great convention, and the oncoming meeting of this coming week, over at the Embassy Hotel. I'm expecting to see you all over there. And we're all under a great expectations to meet our Lord Jesus, to see Him over there. He promised that He would be wherever two or three was gathered together, He would be there. And I'm sure that I met Him this morning as I come up the steps here in this auditorium, when all the people with great anticipations, waiting for the breakfast and the speaking. And it's good to be gathered here with you. And to the radio audience, there's so many in here I had to go down on the next floor and speak to a few. And seen so many requests---heart trouble, and different ailments of their bodies. And we're here now to pray for the sick and the afflicted.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**2** Just as I got top of the steps---I'm looking at the old gentleman now---he came up to me, and said "Brother Branham, years ago..." He said he had heart trouble so bad that they thought he was going to die. And had prayer for him and the grace of God healed him and here he is this morning, way in his eighties just rejoicing. So that makes us take a new hold. And now I'm certainly soliciting the prayers of the people out in the radio-land, as well as here. After I leave this meeting I'm going to Europe, down into Africa, and around, on meetings. And this is going by a vision. So it's going to be a great meeting there, I'm sure. And I felt for years that the Lord has wanted me to come back---the little humble ministry that He gave me---I don't think He is quite finished with it yet, over there. Seemed like there might be a soul somewhere that I could catch in the gospel net, the one that he's give me to seine for the people, the way of divine healing, praying for the sick. And I certainly solicit your prayers, both you people here, and them who are out in the radio audience.

**3** Now I don't have time to take a text and preach, which I expected to after a few minutes here, in this auditorium, but just to speak to you a few moments, get acquainted. And to the people out in the land, I'm going to ask prayer for those out there right away. And in here also, and I'm certainly glad to meet all these fine new friends that I have never met before---just come in contact with them this morning. We've been having great times in the services in other places. I don't get out too much anymore---it's so busy. We just try to keep the road hot between Jeffersonville, Indiana, and Tucson, Arizona, where we moved out there a few years ago, by a vision of the Lord that sent us out there, not knowing where I was going. And many of you here at Clifton's---I spoke to you a little before I left, in the Phoenix meeting---of the vision that had come. I seen seven angels in a cluster.

**4** And I know to the radio audience, perhaps many of you are not Full Gospel, and this may seem a little mysterious to you, which it would to me, but there is... Anyone who can explain anything, you don't have to accept it anymore by faith. It's things that we cannot explain that we have to accept by faith. We cannot explain God. No man can explain God. He is sovereign and He is great and mighty. We just accept it because that we know He is there. And then by our faith in accepting it, He brings the response back to us---the baptism of the Holy Spirit ---which I'm just going to speak to you about in a few moments here, on "God's way---a place of worship." And the only place that you can worship Him, the only place He'll ever meet you, He's got... There is one church, one place, one time, one people in all, that God meets. And I hope that the Lord blesses the message to your hearts here.

**5** Now coming to Tucson, it was strange---those visions speaking to you, in the name of the Lord. Not one of them, as I ever can recall (will ask anyone else if they can recall any time) that He ever did say anything but what was the truth. It always happens just the way He says it will happen. And He is supposed to, according to the scriptures, return to us in this last days, in this type of ministry: that will be after the baptism of the Spirit, and speaking in tongues, and divine healing, and so forth, these things. The capping of the Pentecostal message is what we're speaking of today. This ministry of the Christ, Himself impersonated among his people, with the very same things that He did when He was here on earth; in his body, the bride---which is part of Him, doing the same things as husband and wife, or king and queen, just before the marriage ceremony.

**6** This week, the Lord willing, I wish to speak some on that, out in our campaign here at the Embassy Hotel, and kind of get acquainted in my humble way of doing it. The time, and the hour that we're living... If a person don't know which way to go, what to do, or how to turn, you're not walking by faith anymore, you're just guessing. You're presuming. And presume is to advance without official authority. So if we haven't got the real official authority to know what God said would take place in this hour, how are we ever going to face this hour? And we've got to face it knowing, by faith in his Word, the things that's supposed to be happening now---and the condition of the nations, the condition of the people, the condition of the church and so forth. We've got to know that, and then how to walk out to face it. If you don't know how to do that, you're just what we used to call, kind of haphazardly, just jump in, hoping it will be here, hoping this, and hoping that, and will it be? But God don't want us to do that. He wants us to know what He has said about this day, and then meet it by faith, because He said it would be that way. Then we know You're truth then, because you haven't got some person's word for it: you got his Word of what we must do. And we're hoping that our heavenly Father will grant this to us this week.

**7** Now I'm sorry that I cut off what I was saying a few moments ago, about coming to Tucson. And I thought myself, that it was the end of my life. I thought no one could ever stand that shock of that condition that happened in that vision that morning, about ten at home, that would ever be able to live after that. Why, I come to Tucson, making arrangements with my son for my wife and children to go with him, after I was gone, because I thought it was my end. And I, in Phoenix, in many meetings before it happened told you just how it would happen. Well, a few months after that, I was up in Sabino Canyon one morning (which is just north of Tucson). I was up there to pray. And while I was praying, I had my hand up in the air saying, "Father, I pray Thee that Thou will somehow, help me, give me strength for the hour that I'm now facing. And if my work is finished here on earth, then I must come to You. And it's not that I regret coming, but I know that You'll take care of my family, and I'm just asking for strength for this hour." And something struck my hand!

**8** Now, radio audience, this may seem strange that I've said, but it's the truth and God is my judge. I looked in my hand and there was a sword---had a sheath over the handle part, and the handle itself was made of pearl, and just looked like kind of a gold-like guard over the handle part. And the knife itself looked rather like it was kind of a shiny-like, oh, something like chrome, or something glistening in the sun. Now it was about ten or eleven in the morning, way on top of a mountain. You can imagine how a person (I feel I'm in my right mind) would feel standing there with a sword from nowhere, no people for miles and miles, holding that in your hand. I felt of it, took and waved the blade back and forth and, why, it was a sword!

**9** And I looked around and said, "Well, now. How could that ever happen! Here I am standing here, right here, and no one around for miles and miles, and where did that come from?" And I said, "Well, I suppose maybe it's the Lord, telling me it's my end-time. And a voice spoke, and said, "This is the sword of the Lord." And I thought, "Well, a sword. Then it's for---like a king to knight---you know, how it used to do in England, and different places." I thought, "That's what that is for---to knight." And I thought, "Well, maybe I'm supposed to lay hands on people." I had all kinds... The human mind can be all messed up, you know. You don't know. Our minds is finite. His is infinite. So, and as I... Then it left my hand, and I didn't know where it went, just disappeared. Why, if a person didn't understand a little bit about spiritual things, you'd go crazy like that. You'd be standing there wondering what happened. And he said, "The vision is not your end-time. It's for your ministry. That sword is the Word. The seven seals will be opened, the mysteries of..."

**10** And then two weeks after that, or two months, rather, after that, I was up in the mountain with a bunch of friends, when it happened. Seven angels, just as clear as you're standing here, came sweeping down from heaven. The rocks in the mountains rolled out and down the hills, and people standing there were screaming and going on, you know, and the dust flying everywhere. And when it was, he said, "Return to your home. Now will be... Each angel will be one of the seals of the seven seals." Which, it's on tape. And the book will be out pretty soon, being now it's kind of grammarized. As you know, my grammar is not very good, and people wouldn't... You just have to be people that love me, and know how to understand me on my grammar. But some theologian is grammarizing it for me, and taking out all the... Well, maybe I said the wrong word there---I don't even know. So, I heard someone laughing; so I guess that grammarize wasn't right. But like the Dutchman, you take me for what I mean and not what I say, really.

**11** And it's just three minutes now, I'm told, unto the closing of the program. Now you dear people out in radio-land, and you that's sick and needy here in the audience, would you just lay your hands on each other now, while we have this word of prayer for the sick. Now Jesus said, his last commission to the church "These signs shall follow them that believe." Them that believe. "If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover."

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**12** Dear Heavenly Father, we are like children today. We're obeying what You said do. We are laying hands upon all these telephone requests. Thou seest them out in the land out there---how they're needy, the suffering. You see those here that are needy, suffering. And we are committing them to Thee, dear God, with this faith in thy Word: that Thou has said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Grant it, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Brother Branham ends first radio broadcast.]

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**13** Thank you, Brother Shakarian. It's certainly a grand privilege to be back again on the broadcast, to speak to some of our friends out in radio-land, as well as present here. And we are certainly extending this invitation to you to come to the Embassy Hotel tomorrow afternoon, to be prayed for. And not only that, but to bring the ones that's sinners, and those who are backslidden. If we just have prayer for the sick---and we do see God constantly doing great miracles, but that's secondarily. The main thing is to be saved---filled with God's Spirit, which I'm going to speak to you about, just in a few moments here, and the sufficiency, how that we must be filled with God's Spirit.

**14** And divine healing usually draws an attention to people, and brings them in the presence of God, when God does something that they know is un... Well, it's not understood. We cannot mechanically show how it's done. God does it in his own great way. Then that attracts the attention of the people, to know that there is a presence of a power, somewhere, that can do something that's beyond human understanding. And that causes them to look to the Lamb of God. And always divine healing, I've been told, and I believe myself, that about between sixty, maybe, and seventy percent of our Lord's ministry was on divine healing. And He did that to attract the people. Then when they were there, He said, "Except you believe I am he, you'll perish in your sin."

```
John 8:24 I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.

```
**15** Now, divine healing is a great drawing card, to get people to look to the Lord Jesus. And Dr. F. F. Bosworth (which many of you was a friend to, and knew him and his ministry), meant so much to me. As a young minister, I started out in my meetings, and I run into Brother Bosworth. He used to say divine healing is (a crude little statement, now), he said, "Divine healing is the bait on the fishhook." Said, "You never show the fish the hook, you show him the bait. And then he gets after the bait, and gets on the hook." So that's what we try to do, that's... Our aim is to get people to the Lord Jesus Christ. And He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So if He was a healer in the days gone by, He is a healer today.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**16** Just a personal testimony before I pray for the sick out in the radio-land. It was a few days ago I was sitting up in the mountains, where a great thing had taken place before fifteen or twenty brethren; there, where the angel of the Lord came so down, and great light flying like a comet, bursting around through the mountains, and rocks flying for two hundred feet or more across the earth, cutting the top of the trees out. And I was standing right under it. And told them just a few moments before it happened, it would be there, and what would happen. Frankly, it was told the day before. And all these men running under trucks and everything, trying to get away. They didn't know what had taken place. And he spoke, and said what would take place right immediately afterward.

**17** Sitting on this certain rock there, right where he had appeared... I had a friend that was with us, that had come down from up in Minnesota. His people are here this morning, and I'm not sure but what he may be here, on some of the other floors. It was Donavon Weerts, and a fine young fellow, a Lutheran that had just give his life to Christ and been filled with the Spirit. Very humble German boy, about thirty years old, family two or three little children, he moved down in Tucson just to be neighbors with me (where three or four hundred had moved in to be neighbors). So he... And I'm glad to have such neighbors as that---they follow me all the way to South Africa and everywhere around, just to be near and see the ... with me, and to be with me and enjoy the pleasures of the Lord. Such a humble fellow, I had never noticed him very much.

**18** 'Course, the people that I know, and associate with, are just like my own brother, sister. I watch them, and feel if I think they're getting out of line, and take them out to one side and talk with them, because I love them. We want to live in glory together. Sometimes, maybe, in the meetings you think I speak harsh to you. That isn't from... That isn't because that I don't love you. But it does come from my heart, because I... It must be just one way. There is only one way to serve God, and that's... And we must stay in his way, no matter what our thoughts is. His way!

**19** And I noticed Donavon, on the right tip of his ear was swollen, perhaps three times its size, and looked very red. Well, I thinking maybe, that, there in the desert for a few days, that, where we had been, that maybe he had got some cactus in his ear. But taking ahold of his hand, I found out that it was a cancer. So I said to Donavon, I said, "Donavon, have you... How long has that been on your ear?" Just to kind of throw him off, like I didn't know. I said, "How long has that been on there, Donavon?" He said, "Brother Branham, about six months," he said. I said, "Why didn't you mention it to me?" He said, "Oh, seeing you so busy," said, "I didn't want to do it." Said, "I just thought maybe sometime the Lord might tell you." So I said, "Do you realize what it is?" He said, "I have a good idea." I said, "That is right." And the second morning, no more than that, holding the boy by the hand---the second morning there wasn't even a scar on his ear. It was all completely gone.

**20** So many times we press, trying to get to this, that; or, see, it's, "These signs shall follow the believer." It didn't say, "If they would pray for the sick." "If they lay hands on the sick they shall recover." We must have faith, ourselves, in what we're doing. All right. So now Donavon is probably here. You'll meet him. He'll be here. If he isn't here this morning, he'll be on some of the other floors. You'll meet him, and he'll know the testimony. And what more could I say. I believe Luke, or John, one, said the world couldn't hold, contain the books that could be written of what He's done among the people, in this last days---how sick's been healed, alcoholics delivered, by the thousands of them, and all kinds of diseases, and afflictions.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

John 21:25 And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.

```
**21** Now you out in radio-land, as well as here---I'm holding here, now, a great handful of requests that's come in by the phone this morning, constantly ringing since we've been here. And so we... One hundred and ninety-six requests has come in this morning, by the phone, since we've been here. So let us join in prayer now, as each one wherever you are, out in the land, lay your hands on one another if you're believers. If not, lay your hand upon the Bible or something, out there, while we pray here, and there. Dear Heavenly Father, the little testimony of Donavon Weerts, just one of the thousands, Lord, that Thou has so graciously... I pray that You will look down into the hearts of the people both here, and in radio-land. And may they every one be healed. May the evil one leave them, and may they be delivered from all their affliction. Grant it, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, thy Son, we ask it. Amen. [Brother Branham sings.] " Thank You, Lord..." [Brother Branham ends second radio broadcast.]

**22** Well, this is three times for me up here, this morning. My! And you know, it was just told that we've got to vacate the building in about twelve, fourteen minutes, or something. And the management said, who is on the other floor there, they can't serve any meals. Our meals lengthened out. We have many courses, you know. So we are very, very glad that we have had this great spiritual, gastronomical, jubilee, as I would call it, this morning, here with this fine bunch of men. I'd like to make mention that we are ... the services again tomorrow afternoon, over at the Embassy now. We will be praying for the sick there, and expecting God to meet with us. And I've come to put in my part, my ministry, into making (all that we can) this meeting to be a success. Not a success because it's our meetings, but a success of people finding Jesus Christ. That's the success. Any meetings, no matter how much we praise God, how many great things that we see Him do, how many times He speaks to us in the Spirit, and so forth; unless there is something accomplished, some souls brought into the kingdom...

**23** And Brother Shakarian, now, just made a real statement just now, about what he thought about these days that we're living in. I truly believe that with all my heart, that we're living just at the closing time just in the ... just in the evening shadows. The sun is far advanced. And when we see things taking place the way they are today, why, it's hard telling what another generation would bring. A few days ago... Just let me give you a little inside something. They made an analysis throughout Arizona, where I live, of all the schools. They gave the children (unknowingly to them) a mental test. And guess what? Including high schools and grammar schools, there was 80% of the children suffering with mental deficiency. Seventy percent of them was television watchers. See, the evils---they just slipped up on us and we don't... You wonder why it comes. You can hear the voice of God screaming out against it, and yet here we find ourself webbed into it.

**24** Let me give you a shocking something. See, "Not all that says unto me 'Lord, Lord,' will enter in, but the one that doeth the will of my Father." His will is his word. We can be ever so religious; have great times shouting, jumping, in these meetings which we're... I don't want to be critical, but I have a duty to do to God. And that duty is to be sincere, and to say what He wants me to say. And I'm certainly grateful for the California chapter, who has bore with me in my convictions. If I don't speak my convictions, I'm a hypocrite, and now, I'm not even honest with you. And if I can't be honest with you, how will I be honest with God? Because I see you and talk to you ('course we do to God, too), but we've got to be really sincere and honest with one another. We are certainly in a horrible, horrible age. And did you ever stop...

```
Matthew 7:21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.

```
**25** Just let me give you just a little analysis. "Not all that saith unto me 'Lord, Lord,' will enter therein, but the one that doeth the will of my Father." Jesus said, "On earth man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word..." Every word, not just now and then a word, but by every word. It was one word misbelieved of God's commandments that caused death, sorrow, and every sickness and heartache. To miss God's word, one word... If He taken the human race into death by misbelieving one word... "Surely, surely..." But He said it would happen. Satan said, "Surely it won't." But it did. So we've got to keep every word of God. And if the human, and all this suffering, and things that went on ... the human race, by misconstruing or misbelieving one word, how we going back by missing one, if it's cost all this price, even the life of his Son? Many are called ... few are chosen; many are called ... few are chosen. I can't take a text from this, because we haven't got time, but just to leave something with you. Let us think of...

```
Genesis 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

Genesis 3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:

Deuteronomy 8:3 And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knewest not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 7:21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 20:16 So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.

Matthew 22:14 For many are called, but few are chosen.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

```
**26** I went one day with Brother Shakarian where they was hybreeding cattle, and I seen the ... in the laboratory where Brother Shakarian taken me in. And they dipped in the sperm of the male cow just a little, like, a little instrument, a match stem. And took up a bunch of that sperm, and put it under this glass that magnified it hundreds of times. And there was little germs jumping in that sperm. Which, we know the germ comes from the male and the egg from the female. And I asked the chemist there, I said, "What's that making that little jump like that?" He said, "That's little bulls and calves, see." And I said, "In that little drop?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Perhaps, then, in the entire sperm there would be a million of them?" He said, "Oh, yeah." See? And I watched close.

**27** Now, when this great thing takes place, there is one egg waiting for one germ, out of that million. And there is no one can tell which germ that is, or which egg that is. If you'd watch the natural birth, it's more of a mystery than the virgin birth. Because in this sperm, there is one in there that's predestinated to live, and the rest of them will die. And it isn't the first one meets; it's the first one that comes together with the egg. Maybe the egg may raise up from the back of the sperm, or the middle of the sperm. The germ may do the same. The egg... The germ crawls into the egg, and little tails drop off of it, and there starts the spine. There is only one, in that whole load of a million, that's going to make it. Only one! And that's determined by some unknown force to man. Yet you're every one alike. Every one of those germs are just alike. Same thing in animals; same thing in man. It's determined whether it's going to be boy, girl, red-headed, black-headed, or what. It's determined by God. All of them look the same naturally, but there is one in there that's ordained to life. One in a million, yet all of them alike.

**28** When Israel left Egypt there was approximately two million people left at the same time. Every one of them heard the message of a prophet. Every one of them saw the pillar of fire. Every one of them was baptized to Moses in the Red Sea. Every one of them shouted in the Spirit, beat the tambourines, and run up and down the bank with Miriam, when Moses sang in the Spirit. They, every one, drank from the same spiritual rock. They, every one, eat fresh manna every night, every one of them. But there was two made the land: one out of a million. What was the test? They all drink in the same rock, they all eat the same spiritual manna as we're eating this morning, but the Word test proved them. When it come to the time of Kadesh-barnea, when they started over into the promised land... And they could not go over till they was tested by the Word. And all the other... Ten came back and said, "We can't make it, the people are like... We're like grasshoppers to them, their great walled city. The opposition is too great." But Joshua and Caleb stilled the people. They said, "We're more than able to do it." Why, God said before they left the promised land, "I've given you the land. I've give it to you. It's yours." But there were one out of each million...

```
Exodus 12:37 And the children of Israel journeyed from Rameses to Succoth, about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children.

Exodus 15:20 And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.

Numbers 13:25 And they returned from searching of the land after forty days.

Numbers 13:26 And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the wilderness of Paran, to Kadesh; and brought back word unto them, and unto all the congregation, and shewed them the fruit of the land.

Numbers 13:27 And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and this is the fruit of it.

Numbers 13:28 Nevertheless the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great: and moreover we saw the children of Anak there.

Numbers 13:29 The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites, dwell in the mountains: and the Canaanites dwell by the sea, and by the coast of Jordan.

Numbers 13:30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.

Numbers 13:31 But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.

Numbers 13:32 And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature.

Numbers 13:33 And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.

Matthew 17:10 And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?

Mark 9:11 And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?

1 Corinthians 10:2 And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;

1 Corinthians 10:3 And did all eat the same spiritual meat;

1 Corinthians 10:4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.

```
**29** There is approximately five hundred million so-called "Christians" in the world today. And each day ends a generation. And now, what if the rapture would come today and five hundred people, universally, would be taken in the rapture. You would never know, or even see in the paper, of them going. And the coming of the Lord is a secret coming. He'll come and steal away... It'll be such a minority, till just like it was in the days when the disciples asked Jesus, "Why does the scribes say that Elias must first come?" He said, "He has already come and you never knew it." Did you ever think what the people did? They went right on believing that Elias was coming; and he was right among them, and they didn't know it. So will it be in the coming of the Son of man. They'll do with him just the same thing. The spirit of God is here. Well, what are we going to do with it? Are we going to eat manna, and so forth, and not continually move up as we grow?

```
Matthew 17:11 And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.

Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

Matthew 24:39 And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

Mark 9:12 And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.

Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**30** Did you ever notice a seed (as the Reverend Pitts was speaking a few moments ago) and how a seed goes into the ground? Many seeds are there in the ground. When God moved upon the water with the light, and light brought forth the first presence of God... Spoken light came by God's word. And God's word is the only thing that still brings light. And when the waters went back, the seed was already in the earth. And the light only brought forth... The seeds that remained with germ in them, come forth, God making his creation. And now on Easter morning, there was another light struck the earth---when the Holy Spirit was given. And it's given to bring light to those seeds that God, by his foreknowledge, knew that would be here on the earth. As He knew the first natural seed, He knows where the spiritual seed is. Your body was laying here right then on the earth, when God first brought the earth into existence. We are a part of the earth. We were laying there. And by his foreknowledge He knew exactly who would love Him and who would serve Him, and who would not. His foreknowledge tells that. If it doesn't, then He isn't God. He can't be God without being infinite, and if He's infinite, He knows all things.

**31** So you see people making their blunders. They stumble at it, they run at it, and they think this, and that. But it doesn't work right. We see it. But there is a working right---that's to find God's perfect will, and stand in it, what God called you for. As Brother Jack said a few moments ago, about down here at the Pershing Square: all the confusion, one this-a-way and one that-way; and about the theologians, and so forth---that, you want to know some theology, go down there. I guess that's just about like it is in Hyde Park, in London. I was down there. Everybody has his own idea. It's a conglomeration of a modern-day world in Babylon.

**32** But did you notice, as Brother Pitts went on with his lovely message this morning to us, as he begin to walk out of the park, there he found a little Easter lily, in the midst of all the confusion. As he brought it to us, it had no way to say, "Yes," or "No." It was a life of God shining in it, in the midst of all the confusion. It was there in its radiance because God had ordained it to be there. In the midst of all the conflict, no one was noticing it. They didn't see the spiritual application of it. And so is it today, amongst all our great gatherings, and groups, and churches, and denominations, and so forth. One is pulling this way; we must be Baptists, or be Presbyterians, must be this, that, or the other. In the midst of all of it there is a growing flower. There is the power of God right among us, being raised right up in the midst of all of us! Let's just stop and behold it a few minutes, and watch it this week, and see it unfold right before us. We believe God will do it. Don't you?

**33** I see that we ought to be downstairs by now, so let's pray, each one of us. Dear God, when we bow our heads in thy presence, we are ... feel that we are so insufficient to ask. But You promised us, that if we would come, You would not turn us down. And these rude statements that's just been made (by no means to be a doctrine), one out of a million, but just to kind of remember. For You said, "Strait is the gate, and narrow is the way that leadeth into life, and few there will be that will find it... For many are called but few are chosen." O, Eternal Father, send the gospel light across this city through this coming week of convention. And if there be any seed---somehow by your own great, wise providence like trying to illustrate it in the sperm of the male and female---may they roll into the convention. May the Holy Spirit give them light. We realize that the time is perhaps later than we think it is. We pray, God, that as we come here, just believing that maybe there is something here that could be done that would help the people, or catch that last sheep... We know when the sheepfold is full, then the shepherd will close the door.

```
Matthew 7:14 Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.

Matthew 20:16 So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.

Matthew 22:14 For many are called, but few are chosen.

```
**34** As it was like in the days of Noah, when the last member of the family was brought in, God closed the door. And they beat and pounded, but it was too late. Dear God, they had the opportunity. You said, "I am the door to the sheepfold." And how striking the song from the poet, "Are not ninety and nine enough for Thee?" But, no, there was one more. He might be a little black sheep, or he might be a little nobody, might be the little her, or he ---we don't know where they are. But that last one must come in, and then the door will be closed. Oh God, who knows all things, search our lives this morning, and send us wherever that we could go that we might find that last one, that the door would be closed, and the shepherd inside with the sheep. Grant it, Lord. If there be that one here today, if that one that is supposed to come in... "All the Father has given me will come to me. And no man can come except my Father has drawed him."

```
Genesis 7:13 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark;

Genesis 7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 10:7 Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.

```
**35** And if there be a tug, or a little feeling, that this might be the hour for somebody here in this audience, here or downstairs, or wherever they may be, may they answer, "Yes, Lord, I am that little wandering one that's wandered away, and that's fought it off all my life. I felt that I should come. But today I'm hanging on the side of the seat. I can't go up or down, I can go no way." Oh, may the great shepherd come, reach down with tender hands, and bring that one safely in, place it upon his shoulders, and bring it safely back. Maybe there is one here, Lord, that's sick, in a similar condition, that the doctor said there is nothing can be done. He tried hard to rescue it, but he could not rescue it. It's beyond his reach---there's nothing he can do. His medicine or his knife cannot get to it. But oh, Lord, there is nothing too far for your great arm. And your Word is your arm. So we pray, dear God, that this morning while we are talking to thee that Thou will reach down and pick that one up, that's sick and cannot help itself---out of the reach of all scientific matters, away from the doctor. May they be healed. Grant it, Lord.

**36** As we think of David, as he was given a charge over a few sheep---just a few. But, one day a bear come in, and got that one little sheep and took it out, and would have eaten it up (like a cancer would eat up a body) or a huge lion. But David---not too well equipped with a rifle, or not a swordsman---but with only a slingshot, he went after that sheep. And when he found the animal that was about to kill the little sheep, he slew it with the slingshot. Just a simple little weapon with a piece of leather and a string and... But he had confidence in it. We have no great genius among us, Lord; we are simple people, with a simple little prayer. But we are coming this morning after Father's sheep: that woman that has walked the streets miserably, smoking cigarettes, trying to find peace through the cigarette; that man who has smelled the glass, and tried to set it back, but the enemy holds him tight; that boy, or girl, that's tried to do right, that just can't find strength to break away from the wrong thing; we come in the name of the Lord Jesus, to claim that sheep this morning. We defy the enemy, because it's a simple thing---a slingshot, a prayer. But we're coming to bring that one back to the Father's fold that we might give an account of those things that's been committed to our hand. May the power of God now strike faith down in the hearts of the people. And may that lost soul return this morning. May the temptations of this life... Turn them away, let him go. And may he find hisself safely upon the Master's shoulders being carried back to safety again. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you all till I see you tomorrow. I'll turn the service to Brother Shakarian. [Brother Branham ends third portion.]

```
1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

```
**37** This ... I hope that you'll... That I've found more grace in the sight of God, and before you, to believe that I would stand here to tell you something that was wrong. I have passed my fifty-sixth birthday the other day. This isn't just an old man's message. I've believed this since I was a little boy. And if this isn't true, I've been the most foolish person God had on the earth. I have give my entire life for this cause. And may I say this with sincerity: if I had ten thousand lives, I would never change my opinion. Now, healing is in the reach of every person. Remember, healing is in you. God placed in the peach tree every peach that would ever be in it, when He planted it in the garden. See, you just... The peach tree, or the apple tree, or the fruit tree just has to grow from drinking the water in the earth. Now, each one of you has those potentials in you, to deliver you. For it is God, since you've been planted into Christ by baptism---not water baptism---spiritual baptism. You don't come into Christ by water baptism---by spiritual baptism. Tomorrow afternoon, the Lord willing, I'm speaking on that, how and what is the real application of it. We have it in the afternoon, so it won't interfere with any of your services.

**38** Now look, each one of you here is standing as believers, see. Then the life that was in Christ is in you. It can... If you could just see it, it's the devil's business to keep you blocked off from that, keep you blinded. He can just let you be blinded, that's... See, you don't know where you're going then. A man that's blind cannot tell where he is going. He's got to seek the understanding from somebody who can see. Until we can understand, somebody has got to tell us what's truth. And Christ died for you, and you are transplanted from the world into Christ. And everything you have need of is right in you, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Isn't that right? Now the only thing you have to do, is just start drinking from that.

**39** And as the tree drinks, it begins to push out its leaves, its bud pushes out its fruit, each year. The fruit is not in the ground; the fruit is in the plant. How many understand that, say, "Amen." So, see, the fruit is in the plant, and every plant has to drink from his fountain. As the rain comes down, gives that plant life to drink from, and as it drinks, it grows. And it's growing up until it comes to the full bud. Just like the church has to bloom out in this age. And as we drink we grow. But, if the plant refuses to drink, then the plant cannot grow. And if you will just believe it!

**40** Now, in a vision... 'Course you know how the Lord does, show different things of what you've done, and what you should not have done, and so forth, in the meeting. We was hoping that the Holy Spirit would fall upon us this morning, and do such, as we stood. But I kept waiting. I think it's the nervous part, thinking that downstairs they want us out of here, see. But they're wanting us---we're late now. But believe this with all your heart, please do! If I have found grace in your sight as a truthful person, believe this. Now put your hands on each other. Now look, now the Bible didn't say these signs will follow William Branham; didn't say it'll follow Oral Roberts only; didn't say it would follow Brother Kopp or somebody. "These signs shall follow them (plural) that believe; if they lay their hands on the sick ... they shall recover." It's that power of God that's in you that brings the life to the person you got your hand on, the life-giving source of the Holy Ghost.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**41** Dear God, in the name of Jesus Christ, in this crucial moment when the church... May they stand at this second without nervousness. May the power that raised up Christ from the grave quicken to them just now the truth of the gospel: that Jesus' commission was, "If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." May every demon power, every sickness, every disease, every affliction, every tormenting thing that's happened to the people, may it leave just now. By faith as believing people we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, raise your hands and give Him praise, if you believe that He does it. Dear God, this baby will die, Lord, unless this is done. I condemn this knot. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it leave the innocent child. Amen. Now, the doctors have tried and they failed. Just believe.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
```
