---
Date: 1965-08-22
Title: Christ is revealed in His own Word
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 8 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Christ is revealed in His own Word



**1** Let us bow our heads. Lord Jesus, the Shepherd of the great flock, we are so in debt to Thee, Lord, that we could never pay Thee for the love that Thou has shed abroad in our hearts. We feel so unworthy as we bow our heads and stand in Thy presence. We ask You to cleanse us from all faults and all sin. We pray that You'll strengthen our bodies today. Many are sick and afflicted, as it shows here, handkerchiefs and requests coming in on the phone and everywhere. And we believe that we're ending up this world's history now, and soon time will fade into eternity, and we want to be ready for that hour. That's why we have assembled here this morning, is to prepare for that time. I am told that there are many of the telephones hook-ups this morning across the nation, from coast to coast. Wherever our voices is coming, may that little group be blessed. Heal the sick that's among them. And I pray that You'll cleanse their souls from all evil. And help us here this morning at the tabernacle that we also may enjoy that great privilege.

**2** And we ask that You'll speak to us today through Thy written Word, and may the Spirit reveal to us the things that we have need of, as we have gathered nationwide now, feeling that we are a small people, but have a place among the redeemed, because we have believed on Jesus Christ. Grant these things to us, Lord, and when we close the service and we go to our different homes across the nation, may we say like those from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He spoke to us along the road?" Now, Father, I know that whatever I would say would be certainly insufficient. With the fine Christians throughout the nation now that's tuned in, it wouldn't be adequate. It would not be something that I could say that could do any good, because we're all in the same category. We're human, mortals, but let the great Holy Spirit speak; may He take ahold of the Word and just reveal Himself. We're waiting on Him now, in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated.

**3** I kind of ... surprising myself; I told my wife, if she happens to be listening in down in Tucson, that I didn't think I'd have any service when I come back; and I didn't even bring clothes. And I said to my daughter-in-law---she had pressed my coat---and I said, "I'm standing behind the pulpit with... They don't know that the trousers is one kind and the coat's another, the ones I wore home." But, Meda, she got my shirt ironed and everything, so don't worry. Everything's fine.

**4** Now, we have a request here, that there's a very dear brother... And I think that Prescott, I believe, is hooked in this morning, up in Prescott, Arizona. Sister Mercier's father is just been on his road here to the meeting, I understand, and had to be taken to the hospital in a heart attack---Brother Coggins. And also Brother Junior Jackson, I think he's in on the next radio down ... or the next phone down in Clarksville ... or New Albany, and his father is in the hospital, I understand, with serious operation of cancer in the liver. So we want, certainly, remember those in our prayers. And now, there's others here too, but we don't want to take up the time. God knows all about them, so let us pray for them now.

**5** Dear God, as that dear, old, wrinkled-hand man, Brother Coggins, an old veteran of the field, is laying in the hospital this morning somewhere, suffering from an attack on his heart, God, that poor old heart's went through much troubles. I pray, God, to help him. Grant it. He loves life like all of us does, and he wants to live. Lord God, grant it. We across the nation pray in Jesus' name for him, that You'll heal him and bring him out. We believe that You will, and he'll come right to the meeting.

**6** We pray for Brother Jackson, his precious daddy laying there near death now; and bring in the world a fine boy like Junior. And I pray, dear God, that You'll heal him. I know it seems impossible. The medics, the doctors, they don't know what to do in that kind of a case. But we remember Brother Hall also, when the very best of the physicians here said (in Louisville) said, "He has just a few hours to live," with cancer in the liver, and he's living today (and that's twenty-five years ago) because of Your grace. So I pray that You'll heal Brother Jackson today, Lord. Let Your grace and mercy be with him. And all this great pile of handkerchiefs and cloths and things that's placed here in request---You know them all, Father---I pray that You'll grant healing to all of them. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**7** Now, to start this morning, I didn't think that I was going to come down at the first place last Sunday. And then again when we announced it, I come down. Brother Neville had me to speak, and then we announced I'd be down today, and it hasn't been notified out around the country to the peoples. And we got this telephone system now, which is very, very fine. The people can sit right in their homes or gather in their places, their churches, and so forth, and hear the service. I appreciate that.

**8** Now, I see laying here... There's been many requests this last week on what I said last Sunday on the message. I believe ... I forget what I titled it now. But I said something about paying your debts. And you know, no matter what you say, it's misunderstood by many, not because they don't want to misunderstand it, but you just simply misunderstand it. And now, someone said, "Should we buy a car?" or, "What should I..." Now, that isn't what Jesus spoke of ... or the Bible there, that said, "Owe no man nothing." That's lingering debts that you could pay. Pay them. That's owing no man nothing. It doesn't mean... My, we owe our rent, our telephone bill, and whatmore. We owe those things, and we pay them. But an old lingering debt that you could be paying on, pay it off, see. Don't go with anything hanging on you like that.

```
Romans 13:8 Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.

```
**9** I remember a time when I was sick once when I was a boy. I came out of the hospital owing about two thousand dollars. And there used to be a drugstore here, Mr. Swaniger, I owed him about three or four hundred dollars in medicine bill. He didn't even know me, and the man... I went to him. I didn't know him, and he'd just send it up there anyhow, never refused to send it; and I said, "I owe you." And I said... I believe, not Swaniger, it was Mr. Mason down on Court Avenue and Spring. And I said, "I owe you. And I'm just still awfully weak, but I'm trying to go to work. Now, if I can't pay you..." I'd just become a Christian; I said, "First thing, Mr. Mason, as my duty to God, I owe Him my tithes. I want to pay Him my tithing first." And I said, "Then my next duty is pay my debts." And I said, "My father's sickly and we got... There's ten of us children in the family." But I said, "If I can't pay you no more than twenty-five cents on that bill each payday... If I can't pay you even the twenty-five cents, I'll come by and tell you about it. I'll tell you, 'I can't do it this time.'" Now, by the help of God, I paid every bit off, see. But that's what I mean, see. Just don't... Somebody say...

**10** Oh, some Christian here at the church one time went out and got some work done on a car here, and the man come down... The man said, "I'll pay you; I get paid Saturday," or something another. And he never paid him. And weeks after weeks rolled by and never paid him, never said a word. And the man come and asked me, he said... See, it reflects against the church. It reflects against Christ. If you can't pay him, go tell him, say, "I owe you, and I'm going to pay you. I'm a Christian, but I just ... I can't do it right now, I've got ... I owe this." And you remember, it's on God's books too, you know, that you do. So I'm trying to... For myself and for all of us together, try to be ready, for we know we're getting near something, very near of something's going to take place. So we want to be ready. When the coming of the Lord is drawing so nigh now, we want to be ready for that great hour.

**11** Now, we want to get ready and speak now on a little subject here that I chose for this morning by the help of the Lord. And we'll speak just as briefly as we can, because of the hook-up of the people. I hope you all got a---all across the nation---got a fine morning like we have here in Indiana. Nice, cool, fine weather, we're having now since the rain, and it's very fine.

**12** Now, I want to read from the Book of Hebrews the 1st chapter and from the Book of St. John the first chapter. Hebrews 1:1-3 and St. John 1:1 for a text. My subject this morning is a study in the Scriptures. Now, let's read Hebrews 1:1: God, who at sundry times ... in divers manners spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, But in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the world; Who being in the brightness of his glory, and ... express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; What a beautiful reading. Now, St. John 1:1: In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

Hebrews 1:3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;

```
**13** Now, and my text this morning is: Christ is Revealed in His Own Word. Now, where I come to the conclusion to talk on this was, because that... Knowing that what we say we mustn't just say because we're gathered together to just haphazardly speak on anything, but it's something that will help stabilize the people, for we are going to pass through dangerous, treacherous waters. We're already sailing through them. And sometimes, I guess it's with you like it is with me, that seems like that so much of it; it's such a scary...

**14** I was just talking to a young minister and his wife in the room just a few moments ago. And both of them are nervous just like the rest of the world ... rest of the human beings on earth. I said, "Remember, Satan's got a punch coming at you." I don't care who you are, he's got a right to that one punch. Which had you rather be, that punch, be blind, or be an arthritic sitting in a chair, or be nervous? See, he's got somewhere he can punch you. He's got a right to that open place. Now, that's the spot you got to keep covered all the time. And to see this nervous age that we're living in...

**15** And last week's tapes, I think, will reveal to you the great hideous things, that we're going to speak on one of these days when we can get a place sufficient, of the opening of those last plagues to be poured out upon the earth ... those vials, rather, pouring out of the vials, and the seven thunders... And those hideous sights that's coming upon the earth... Men now and people today are in such a neurotic condition, the whole world...

**16** You read this last month's Reader's Digest, you notice the subject there; it's on Billy Graham, the great evangelist. He got so tired, he just couldn't hold his meetings; and he went to Mayo's clinic for a physical checkup. There wasn't nothing wrong with him, only he just doesn't do enough work. And they put him to running---physical exercise. He runs a mile every day. And then, the article goes on to say that science has proved that today, that young children---these little boys and girls---hit their middle age at twenty years old. And by twenty-five, many times in many cases girls are out of menopause, at twenty-five years old. I don't know if you knew it or not, but a few nights ago while the Holy Spirit was speaking here in the meeting, a little girl sitting down here... That's exactly what was wrong with that child when it called out. I looked at her a second time, looked again, and I seen what was the matter. I thought, "It can't be; that child's too young." But it was, menopause---about twenty years old, twenty-three, something like that, see.

**17** My mother and your mother struck that age about forty-five to fifty. My wife struck that age about thirty-five. Now, it's down to twenty. The whole human race is rotten. Well, if them physical beings of our body is tearing down like that from eating hybrid foods, tensions that rotten it, does not that also rot the brain cell? Then we can see how women can get on the street naked. We can see how they can speed through the streets at a hundred and twenty miles an hour, all these things. It's come to a place where the whole nation, the whole world, not only this nation, but everywhere, mentally gone.

**18** And then when we open up those, the Lord willing, on those seven vials and show those hideous things... Men will be so insane after while, till they'll imagine they're seeing ants the size of a mountain. They'll be tormenting women, be locusts come upon the earth with long hair to torment women who cut theirs off, hair like women hanging down, and long teeth like a lion, stingers in their tail like a scorpion, and so forth, to torment men upon the earth. But then, it'll be too late to do anything about it. You get right now. Tormenting...

**19** And last Sunday when we was going into those cycles about how that the five senses on the outer realm... That's the inlet, five senses to the body. There's only one way you can get into the body; that's by those five senses: See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. There's no other way to contact the body. On the inside of that man is a man called spirit. And he has five senses: Think ... thought, or thought, and love, and conscience, and so forth. All right. Now, you can't think with your body; you think with your mind. And in there is where too many of Christians only stop. And they can, just like the corn in the field and the weed in the field, they can be anointed with the same Holy Spirit that the real believer's anointed with. But down on the inside of that next realm, the third realm, is the soul; and that's predestinated by God. There's where the real seed-germ lays, is in there. And remember, if I'd take a cocklebur and cut it open, graft into it the heart of a wheat and put it there, bury it, it would bring forth a wheat out of the cocklebur, no matter what the outside is, what the emotions.

**20** Today, is so confused about the evidence of the Holy Ghost and so forth. Satan can impersonate any kind of a gift that God's got, but he cannot bring that Word, word by word. That's where he failed in the garden of Eden; that's where he's always failed. That's where them... The tape on false anointed ones or anointed ones... They can be anointed with the Spirit, speak in tongues, dance, shout, preach the Gospel, and still a devil. It's the inside. Now remember, Jesus said, "All the Father has given me, will come to me. No man can come except my Father draws him first." Now, we taken through the lesson to show that you were in your great, great, great grandfather all the way back, physically speaking. Then, that's what you are in physical being, nature. Sometimes a child will be born in a family red-headed. It astonishes the father, because there's nobody he knows of his people red-headed, or the mother's. But if you'll go way back to several generations, you'll find out somebody was red-headed. That seed keeps coming on down, and you come the nature of one from way back. Like Hebrews the 7th chapter said that Melchisedec ... Abraham paid tithes to Him when he was returning from the slaughter of the kings. And Levi, who received tithes, paid tithes, for he was in the loins of Melchisedec ... or the loins of Abraham, rather, when he met Melchisedec.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Hebrews 7:1 For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;

Hebrews 7:2 To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;

Hebrews 7:9 And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.

```
**21** Now, the same thing is this: If you are a son of God, and if I am a son of God, or a daughter of God, we were in God at the beginning. And when Jesus became the fullness of the Word, then we were in Him, germ form. When He was crucified, we was crucified in His body. When He rose from the dead, we rose with Him. And, now, since we have recognized it, now we sit together with Him in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, see. For if we are sons and daughters of God, we are God's children; then we are attributes of God. Then we got eternal life. And God is the only eternal life there is. Then we were in Him from the beginning. And when Jesus became all that Word, then we were part of Him then. Amen! There you are. When that's in there, there's no devil, no powers, no nothing can ever move it. That's the tie post of the soul. You can be anointed out here in this spirit, and desire, and do all these other things, but when it comes to this tie post to that Word, you'll never move from there. It'll hold right steady and true to that Word as it can be. Outside of that, regardless of what you do, you're still lost.

**22** That Laodicean church age---naked, blind, miserable, don't even know it. See, it's that anointed, anointed with the real Spirit. See, that Holy Spirit can fall upon a man in his spirit, but his soul is his germ. That germ is the Word, see. And I don't care how much you preach, how well you do this, and how much you love... That's one of the inlets of the spirit. You can't love with your body; you love with your spirit. That's one of the inlets. And you can love and even love God, and still not be right. You can cast out devils, and preach, and do these things, still not be right. Jesus said so; said many would come in that day. That Word settles it. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us,...

```
Matthew 7:22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

```
**23** Notice. I'm going to speak on this subject of the Bible, Christ Revealed in His Own Word. Where I drawed this conclusion was in my room. Some dear person (may be sitting here this morning)... I got a picture hanging in my study up there, that's a picture of Hofmann's head of Christ wrote in the Beatitudes. And right where you would come to a place like you need a part of the hair, they pressed a little harder on the pen as you pass that part. So there He is, sitting in His Word looking right out. Christ in the Beatitudes. Someone, ever who it was, I thank you for it. And somebody brought that picture and put it in my study there, of Elijah going up in a chariot of fire. We appreciate these things. Many times, big crowds, I just don't get a chance to speak and say these things, but I see it, Brother, Sister. I know it. God knows it. Now I'm going to speak on this subject of Christ Revealed in His Own Word---how in the Beatitudes there stands a picture of Christ, standing right out. That's where I thought of this subject. Now, Christ and the Word is the same, see.

**24** They say, "How was the Bible... ?" People says... I was riding with a man not long ago. He said, "Think of it. We here on this earth, the way we are, and we only know or can only say that we're saved by some Jewish fable called the Bible." I said, "Sir, I don't know how you say that, but I don't believe it's a Jewish fable." I said... He said, "Well, you pray... What do you pray to? I asked for so-and-so and certain things; I didn't get it."

**25** I said, "You pray wrong. We should never pray to change God's mind; we should pray to change our mind. God's mind don't need any changing, see, see. It's right." I said, "Not what you pray for..." I know a young Catholic boy one time had a prayer book saying prayers for his mother to live. And she died, and he throwed the prayer book in the fire. Well, see... I don't go for the prayer book, but anyhow... See, you take the wrong attitude. You're trying to tell God what to do. Prayer should be, "Lord, change me to fit Your Word," not change... Not, "Let me change Your mind; You change my mind. (See?) You change my mind to Your will, and Your will is written here in the Book. And Lord, don't let me go till You got my mind set just like Your mind. And then when my mind is set like Your mind, then I'll believe every word You wrote. And You said in there You'd make everything work together for good to them that loves You, and I love You, Lord. It's all working together for the good."

```
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.

```
**26** I've been this week down in the country staying with some very dear friends. I asked some of them at the table yesterday when we was eating... We always sit around and have a little ... like a little study on the Bible. Was talking about love. And there's a certain person said to me, he said, "I believe you're an antichrist." I said, "If that would be pleasing to my Lord, that's what I want to be. I want to be whatever He wants me to be. I love Him. And if He should cast me into hell, I still will love Him, if I go with the same spirit I have now." He looked at me kind of strange. I seen four or five of them there, young men, young wives, fine women. I knowed how them boys loved their wives, so I said to them, I said, "Here's the way to test it. If your wife before you were married... Now, you go back, say this married life ... you been dreaming you were married. You really wasn't married, but you dreamed you were. And you woke up, and you went and talked it over with your girl friend, and said, 'You know, I dreamed that we were married, and we had children, and we living happy, and waiting for the coming of the Lord and everything!' And then, this girl would say to you, 'You know I love another man better than I love you. I could be happier with the other man.' Could you from your heart love her well enough to say, 'God's blessings rest upon you, my dear. Go with this other man.' Now, now, check that, each of you men or you women. See? Well, if your love is correct, you'd do that, for you are interested in her welfare. You know you could have her, you could live with her, she's your wife ... she will be, she'll marry you, but she won't be happy. She'd be happier... And then, if you love her, then you want her to be happy. Therefore, whatever the will of God is, let God's will be done whether I'm happy with it or not. I want to live so He will be pleased with what I do. Therefore, check your objective and your motive by that, you know whether you love God or not." What if He'd say, "You've served Me, but I'm going to cast you away"? "I love You anyhow."

**27** Therefore, if the churches would see that and could believe it in that manner, it wouldn't be one trying to jerk the football away from the other fellow when he's running with it. He'd be protecting that one, see. When real true motive and objective, wouldn't be one trying to say, "Hey, I got this too, I... This is me; this..." See, God can't use a man. There's so much impersonation follows it, and that's Satan; and the people can't realize that. They're trying to take the ball from somebody that's been give it. Let God raise up a certain ministry and watch how many goes after it, see, see.

**28** Now, genuine love for God, "No matter what part I am, Lord, if I can only say a word for it to help protect it, let me do that," see. That's the same thing would be about your wife. If you really love her (see), it's not a Phileo love, it's an Agapao love, a genuine love. If she could live with somebody else happier... You're not married now, course, you can't...

**29** And by the way, people listening to these tapes. So many sends in, said, "Why, in the Marriage and Divorce you said this and you said that." I said that so many times: these tapes goes only ... I'm speaking to my congregation, brother. I'm not responsible for what God give you to shepherd; I'm responsible for what kind of food I feed these people. This is for this tabernacle only, see. Now, if the people want to listen to the tapes, that's up to them. But I'm speaking to what God has give to me. It was their sins that was omitted. Someone wrote out and said, "Well, I've done this and I've done that. You said our sins..." I didn't say that. I said, "See to this; this is only to this people right here, the people here in the tabernacle, my own flock." Now, if people wants to hybrid food and stuff it out there... You get the revelation from God and do what God tells you to do. I'll do the same thing. But these messages are to this church.

**30** Notice. Now, we come back, we've got to have something another that we have to hold on to. Something has to be a tie post; in other words, it's an ultimate. And everyone must have an ultimate or an absolute. I preached on it one time years ago, on a absolute, a place that's the last word. Like the umpire at a ball game, if he says it's a strike, that's just exactly what it is. No matter how you seen it, the umpire said it's a strike. You said, "It wasn't a strike. I seen the..." No matter what it is, when he said, "Strike," that's it, and that's settled, just what... He's the ultimate. And the traffic light is an ultimate. If it says, "Go," you say, "Well, I'm in a hurry, I got..." No, no it says, "You stand still while the other fellow goes," see. It's the ultimate.

**31** Now, there's got to be an ultimate to everything you do. There had to be an ultimate when you chose your wife. There had to be a woman you had to select. Now, there has to be a time when you're go to buy a car, what kind of an ultimate you're going to make. Will it be Ford, Chevy, Plymouth, foreign car? Whatever it is, you got to have an ultimate. And so is it with Christian living: there's got to be an ultimate.

**32** Now, if a man said ... went to another man and said ... heard somebody say, "Well, you should be baptized," and this fellow never... Maybe he's... Some church that didn't baptize; they just sprinkled, I think, say for instance, the Methodist---They do baptize if it's requested, I understand. Or maybe the ... a Catholic; I think they sprinkle only. So then, if a man heard something about being immersed in the water, well, he didn't understand that---he was raised Catholic---so He goes up to the priest and said, "Father, I understand that we're supposed to be baptized by immersing. What does our church say about that?" "Why, it says that we're to be sprinkled." Now, if that church is his ultimate, that settles it. All strife is over. The church said so, and that's all.

**33** What if the ... if a Baptist brother heard us say that we believe in being baptized by immersing, he'd say, "I believe that,"---and in the name of Jesus Christ. Now, this member of the church goes back to the pastor and says, "Pastor, I heard a fellow say to me that we should be baptized by immersing all right, but in the name of Jesus Christ." "Well," he'd say, "now, let us see. Why, here the book says that we're to be baptized using 'Father, Son, Holy Ghost.'" If that church is the ultimate, that settles it. He don't care about what anything else says; that's his ultimate.

**34** Well, every denomination is an ultimate to their believers. But to me and to the ones that I hope that I'm leading to Christ---and by Christ---the Bible is our ultimate. No matter... Because God said, "Let every man's word be a lie, and mine truth." And I believe that the Bible is God's ultimate. No matter what anyone else says, it's the ultimate. The Bible is not a book of systems. No, sir! It is not a book of systems, nor a code of morals. The Bible is not a book of systems, so many systems and so forth. No, sir! It is not a book of morals. No, sir, it is not. Nor is it a book of history altogether, or neither is it a book of theology, for it is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Now, if you'd like to read that---you who have your papers, marking it down---that's Revelation 1:1-3: The Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ.

**35** Let us just read it while we got the time. I believe my... Haven't got too many notes here to speak from. If the Lord tarries, why, we'll try to get from them... The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave to him, to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified ... by his angel to his servant John: Who bare record of the Word of God, and ... the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the word of this prophecy, and keep the things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.

```
Revelation 1:1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:

Revelation 1:2 Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.

Revelation 1:3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.

```
**36** So the Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ, and it was wrote by prophets, Hebrews 1:1: "God, who in sundry times spake to the fathers by the prophets, in this last day speaks to us through His Son, Jesus Christ," which was the prophets, all of them put together. Jesus was Malachi; Jesus was Jeremiah, Isaiah, Elijah. All that they were, were in Him. And all that you are, and all I am, is in Him. Words, witnesses of the Word. So it is not a book of systems, a code of moral ethics; neither is it a history book, or a book of theology. It is not. But it's a revelation of Jesus Christ: God Himself revealed from Word to flesh. That's what it is. The Bible is the Word, and God is the flesh. God in ... God is the Word, rather, and Jesus being the flesh. It's a revelation how God, the Word, was manifested in human flesh and revealed to us. And that's why He becomes a Son of God. He is a part of God. You understand? Now, He is not... The body is part of God, so much that it's a Son.

```
Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

```
**37** A Son... As a Catholic puts it, "Eternal Son"---and all the rest of the churches. The word don't even make sense, see. There cannot be eternal and then be a son, because a son is something that's begotten from. And the word eternal... He cannot be an... He can be a Son, but He cannot be an eternal Son. No, sir! It cannot be an eternal Son. Now, but He is the Son so much that all the Word that was in Jeremiah, in Moses... And all those words, like He said, "They speak of me." All that true divine revelation and Word was wound up into one human body, and God put flesh around it. That's the reason He was called "Son," reason He refers, "Father." Why, it's just as simple, if you just let God pour it down into your mind, see. God revealed in a body of flesh (notice!) ... revealed from flesh---or from Word unto flesh. That's St. John 1:14: "And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us."

```
John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**38** Now, notice this Bible. Some of them said, "Oh, well, it's done this, it's done that." But let me tell you something... Let's go into the history of the Bible just a minute and see where it come from. It was written by forty different writers. Forty men wrote the Bible over a space of sixteen hundred years apart and at different times, predicting the most important events that ever happened in world's history, and many times hundreds of years before it happened. And there is not one error in the entire sixty-six books. Oh, my! No author but God Himself could be so accurate. Not one word contradicts the other one. Remember, sixteen hundred years apart, the Bible was wrote---from Moses to the death of John at the Isle of Patmos, sixteen hundred years---and was wrote by forty different authors. One didn't even know the other one, and they never had it as the Word. Some of them never even seen the Word. But when they wrote it, and was understood to be prophets, then when they put their prophecies together, each one of them dovetailed one to the other.

**39** Look at Peter, who announced on the day of Pentecost, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." Paul had never heard nothing about it. He went down to Arabia for three years to study the Old Testament to see who this pillar of fire was that spoke to him on the road, saying, "Saul, why persecutest thou me?" How could he be wrong? He never even consulted the church at all. And fourteen years later when he met Peter, they was preaching the same thing, word by word. That's our Bible. Let other men's words fail. No man can add to it. You don't add no more to the Bible. No, sir! This is a complete revelation. That's all.

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 9:4 And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?

```
**40** Like the seven seals: The seven seals... Someone kept saying to me, "The Lord will speak to you, Brother Branham, when these seals are revealed and will tell us how to get closer to God, and how to..." I said, "No, sir! It can't be, because the Bible---the seven seals on it---had the seven mysteries hid. It was already wrote, but they didn't understand what it was." Watch how they plowed along with that being baptized in Jesus' name, see? That wasn't it. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ, see! All those things, how it was... Because there's many Jesuses... I got several friends here on earth named Jesus, minister friends. It isn't that; it's our Lord Jesus Christ. No author but God could be so correct. Now, let's just see how this Bible was written.

**41** Now, say for instance, from... What if we went now and took sixty-six medical books that deals with the body, wrote by forty different medical schools, a hundred and sixteen ... or sixteen hundred years apart? I wonder what kind of continuity we'd come up with? When George Washington, our president... About two hundred years ago, for pneumonia they pulled his toenail out and bled him a pint. What if we took... Let's go a little further on some things that we're so attracted to today; that's science. What if we took forty different scientists from ... sixteen hundred years apart and see what we'd come up with? A French scientist three hundred years ago proved by science, by rolling a ball, that if any terrific speed was obtained over thirty miles an hour, the object would leave the earth and fall off. Do you think science would ever refer back to that? Is any continuity with that now, when they drive down the street on the road here a hundred and fifty miles an hour, see? But he scientifically proved that by the pressure of the ball rolling across the ground, that at thirty miles an hour, that any object would lift up off the earth and go away, fall off in space. No, there's no continuity to that;

**42** but not one word in the Bible contradicts the other one. Not one prophet ever contradicted the other one. They was every one perfect. And when one come in and did prophesy, and that real prophet raised up and called him down, then it was made manifest, see, see. So the Bible is the Word of God to all true believers.

**43** Now, you couldn't get no accuracy in what doctors would agree upon. You can't even get accuracy of them now. You can't get accuracy in science now. Now, you know, sometime ago they told us that when the Bible said that he saw four Angels standing on the four corners of the earth, that that couldn't be; the earth was round. But the Bible said, "four corners." Well now, you seen two weeks ago ... or three weeks ago it's been now, the papers packing this article: They found out that the world is square. How many's seen that? See, I got it all copied off and just waiting for somebody to say something.

**44** And they're going to find out someday that they're not seeing a hundred and fifty million years of light space either; they're going right around the circle. That's exactly. You're going to find out one of these days that when you go to Heaven, you don't fly off somewhere else; you're still right here too, just in another dimension faster than this. Right through this room's coming color. Every color shirt, dress, whatever you got on is eternal, laying right on records, going around and around the world. Every time you bat your eyes, it's right on record. Watch, television will prove that.

**45** When you're born, God sets a record on. It don't make... Put a record on, it don't make much noise for a little while, you know; that's the little baby till it comes to accountability. Then the noise starts; he starts saying things and doing things he has to answer for. And then when that life ends, that record or tape is took off and laid in the great big library of God. Now, how're you going to get around it at the judgment bar? It's played right back in front of you: Every move you made, every thought that went through your mind. Can you see that? Now, can you see where God...?

**46** Standing here the other night, and there'd been a man on the platform, tall, bald-headed man, real handsome looking fellow, strong. And he went out... The Lord had told him a whole lot of things about his family and what he should do. And he went out and sat down. In a few minutes here come before me another man like that, but he had his head down. I couldn't make out, and I looked at the man again out there; and it wasn't him, because it was something else. And this man, I couldn't find him. I looked around, no body behind me. I said, "The man is sitting inside of those curtains there." And it was a brother that comes to church here---tall, bald-headed, handsome sort of a fellow---sitting up there like that. And he had his head hung over, praying, because he was just about to die with stomach trouble. He was going to get a pair of shoes. His wife wanted him to get a new pair of shoes. He said, "No, I don't have to get them, 'cause I ain't going to live to wear them." He was dying. And sitting there, you see, in that dimension... Hallelujah! God just moved over in there and said, "There he sits," just the position he was in. You see what I mean?

**47** Now, notice. And there is not any error in the Scriptures. Jesus, the Word of God, perceives the thought that's in the heart. The Word of God is stronger, sharper... Hebrews 4:12: "The Word of God is sharper, more powerful than a two-edged sword, even a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the mind," see---goes way down into the mind, and pulls out, and discerns. What is discern? "Make known, reveal out." And that's what the Word of God does. Today we say, "The Catholic church is the Word of God---the Baptists, the Methodists, the Pentecostal, the tabernacle." That's wrong. The Word is a revelation, God revealed by the Word!

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**48** No, we couldn't get any continuity amongst medics, amongst scientists, different ones. If Einstein had only had the spiritual application, as he had the physical application as he studied the laws of light and so forth, he could've told us something. When I heard his message on that great center somewhere into the skies, that ever contacted with that center, you could create earths, do anything; the power would be unlimited, see. He had seen that.

**49** You see these little pockets going through the air they call "saucers," so forth. People so that... Well, we better leave that alone. "Hear how these people come up missing?" you say. Don't hear from them; they're standing there, and they're not there. That's the way the rapture's going to be. One of them would drop right down, and this terrestrial body will take on a celestial body. And they'll be hide, hair, or bones left. It'll be transformed in a moment of time, dropping right out of space and taking home that... We see all this going on now, and the Pentagon wondering about these lights, and mystic lights, and everything they're seeing in the sky. You seen they had one here in the paper at Jeffersonville this week and so forth: A mystic light. Thought, "Oh, they don't know what that is." But listen, little children; it's going to pick you up one of these days, see, see; don't worry. You remember, Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom..."

**50** What happened just before Sodom...? God came down with some angels, and they had an investigation judgment. Said, "I've heard the cry that is so sinful, so great, so I've come down to find out whether it's altogether the truth or not." Is that right? Watch, that main one that stayed with Abraham could discern the thoughts was in Sarah's heart behind Him. Now, you'd look around just a little bit and notice (see), watch what it's doing, the same thing today. It's an investigation judgment. When after while the church, when it can stay in that place and every seed has been brought to it's spot, they'll be gone. They won't know what happened to them. One will be going one way (see), one will be going over to the pastor's house, and one will be going here, or down there; and the first thing you know, they're not there. For Enoch which was the type, God took him, and he was found not. Come down to investigate. The continuity, how that Enoch translation, a type of Israel being carried over in the ark.

**51** So perfect... The Word of God is so perfect, even to the Old and New Testament is two halves and one whole. That's right. Old Testament's half of it, and New Testament's half of it. Put it together, you got the whole revelation of Jesus Christ. There's the prophet speaking, and here He is in person, see; two halves and one whole. Now, we don't want to take too much time.

**52** Remember, the Old Testament is not complete without the New. And the New could not be complete without the Old. That's the reason I said, two halves---one whole. For the prophet said, "He will be here; He will be here; He will be here. They'll do this to Him; they'll do this to Him." And here He is. "He was here; He was here. He... They did this to Him, and they did this to Him." I just preached on that a few nights ago.

**53** Now, in order to study the Scripture---Paul told Timothy, "Study it, rightly dividing the Word of God which is truth." Them is three "musts" in the Scripture. In using God's Word there is three things that you must not do. Now, let's study those for the next ten minutes: Three things that you must not do. And all out in the land wherever you are across the nation, be sure to put these down in your mind if you haven't got a pencil. You must not do these things. We tell you all the time how you must do; now, I'm going to tell you what you must not do. Now, you must not misinterpret the Word. You say, "Well, I believe it means this." It means just what it says. It needs no interpreter. And you must not misplace the Word. And you must not dislocate the Word. And if we would do either of these, it throws the whole Bible in a confusion and in a chaos.

```
2 Timothy 2:15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.

```
**54** Notice. To misinterpret Jesus in the form of God in a man, you would make Him one god out of three. To misinterpret Jesus Christ being the Word, you'd make Him one god out of three. Or you'd make Him the second person in a Godhead. And to do that, you'd mess the whole Scripture up. You'd never get nowhere. So it must not be misinterpreted. And if you say that a certain thing, you put an interpretation on it, and you apply it to another time or it's been applied to another time, you also make an incorrect interpreting.

**55** If anybody misinterpret Jesus Christ in the Bible, of not being God Himself, make Him the second person, or one god out of three, this would upset every word in the entire Bible. It would break the first commandment, "Thou shalt not have any other god before me." All right. It would make the whole Christian race a bunch of pagan worshippers worshipping three different gods. See what kind of a Bible you'd have? Then it'd make us what the Jews say we are. Said, "Which one of them gods is your god?" See? So you see, you can't ... you mustn't misinterpret the Bible, for Jesus Himself is the interpretation of the Bible when He's made manifest in the age that the part of His body is being made manifest. If it's a hand age, it must be a hand; it can't be a head age. If it's a voice age, well then, it can't be a foot age, see. And now, we're at the eye age. And now, the next is Him Hisself to come. Seeing---prophetic.

```
Exodus 20:3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.

```
**56** See, down through the age we started off from the foundation, from the first church age when the seed went in the ground, the complete seed. Then it come out through the feet, Luther, come back out then through Wesley, then into Pentecostals, the tongues and the lips, see. Now, it's in the eye, prophetic, of Malachi 4 and so forth. And now, there's nothing else left for it to come, but Him Himself to step into that, 'cause that's the last thing there is. The next is the intelligence, and we have no intelligence of our own; it's His, see. We have no sight of our own. How can a man foresee those things? He can't do it; it's God Himself. It's becoming to a place... And He's governed the body all the way through. Then the complete body of Christ is revealed in the form of a bride that was taken out of His side, like Adam did at the beginning ... like Adam's was, rather, at the beginning.

**57** Yes, God... This would set the whole Bible in a confusion: break the first commandment, and make a god, a pagan god of three. It would just ruin the whole picture of the Bible, so you must not misinterpret the Bible. Now, that's just one thing. When every scripture in the Bible has the same application, you got to set it in it's place. And to misplace it, you might make Him God in one age and the next age you'd make Him a history---to misplace it. So you mustn't misplace the Scripture. He's God all the time. If you made Him today a God of history, what was back yonder, and He isn't the same today, what are you going to do with Hebrews 13:8? See, He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, so see what this would do, and what it has done. It's already done it. Make Him deny His own Word to misplace the Scriptures.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**58** To dislocate the Scriptures, you might put His body together wrong, the foot where the head should be or something. Just the same as a... In other words, you might have Jesus teaching Moses' message. You might have ... or even Wesley teaching Luther's age. You might have now, our age teaching Pentecost, the Pentecostal message. You see what a mess it would be in? Pentecost has already showed it's colors. Luther's already showed his: went off into denomination. It died right there. The age struck; there it went. Notice, just as soon as it was organized, it died. Now, just see if that isn't right. Look back through the pages of history. Every time it organized it died right there; there never was no more to it. It become a worshipper of the god of this world. It went off into organisms, and organizations, and denominations, and illusions. A bunch of Rickys got into there and put their own objections into it ... or injected their own thoughts, rather, into it. And what did it happen? It become a mess. It's going to head up in the god of this world where they'll throne Satan himself, thinking that they're having a great world leader to bring them peace.

**59** I told you the other day---I say it again---that even civilization itself today is absolutely contrary to God. Civilization is contrary to God. Education is a million miles from Him. Science is a million miles. Science and education is trying to disprove God (see) through theological seminaries, and schools, and rooms of science, and so forth. They've had their shake. How about the vision the other night of the man when he screamed to those scientists down there pouring that stuff in like that. They just turned, and looked up, and went on. There'll be one more ride.

**60** Notice. Oh, these three musts, must be. Now, you cannot... Jesus didn't come preaching Noah's message. He didn't come preaching Moses' message, or Moses didn't come preaching... See, don't mislocate the Scripture. It's got to be in the time. Now, you cannot apply... When that great man, John Wesley, come out, or the great man, Luther... When Luther came out with his message of justification... Now, that was a... Luther was a great man. He called a church out of darkness, and he set justification by faith. And when he did it, they built a organization on top of it; and it died. The life traveled like it is in a stalk of wheat, right out into the Wesley age to the tassel. Out of Luther come other leaves that died with it, which was Zwingli, and Calvin, and all the rest that come out in that great Reformation.

**61** Then along came Wesley, another age had bloomed out into a tassel. Wesley, and Asbury, and all those, John and his brother, and all of them, great men of God with a message just swept the country. They organized it; it died. Then it come out looking just exactly like she was going to put forth the grain now, and come to find out, it was a shuck, Pentecost. But back in behind all of it, come a little bud. And you notice, usually... I think in about three or four years after Luther was on the field, that the Lutheran church was organized. Just a short time after Wesley was on the field, it was organized.

**62** In Tucson we've had a program of how the Wesley church ... or Methodist church come into existence. And when they come to America here, many of them had come back and said they'd set up a charter and so forth from England to bring it over here, and how it was all dramatized out. I seen right then what happened. And there she died. Well, out come the Pentecostal, them old shouters back in the long days ago, got the gift of speaking in tongues and started off with speaking in tongues. Then they named it the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Then they organized. One said he's going to do this, and the other that. And they had issues and issues. What'd it do? Each of them leaves just unfolded, just like it did in the stalk and like it did on the tassel. They had the oneness, twoness, threeness, and the Church of God, and all these others, just unfolded, unfolded, unfolded. But now, according to nature which is a perfect example, you'll never be anything to educate it out of it.

**63** A family of friends of mine down in Kentucky just had a little baby born the other day, and the mother was up when they was cooking our dinner. She was helping the other sister cook dinner for a bunch of us men that had been out hunting. And so the baby got to crying, and I was talking. I think the mother felt a little embarrassed, so she runs and gets the baby, and starts to feed the little fellow. I said, "You know, that's just nature." See, now, you can't... They have never found any better way for a baby to get what it wants than to cry for it. Now you might give it a book of ethics, and sit down here, and say, "I want to teach you theology, son. Now, don't you go to squalling around here like other kids; you're different. Now, when you want to be fed, you ring this little bell over here." Just don't work. No, it just don't work.

**64** So, when you watch nature... Now, we see where every age, and directly designed it out that we're in the last age. The shuck has pulled away, and we've had fifteen years---nearly twenty now---years of the message sweeping across from nation to nation---and this morning hooked-up across this nation (see)--- and no organization. It can't organize. There's nothing ever been like it or will be hereafter, see. The thing that's the matter with the message today is, those who obtain it in their hearts must lay in the presence of the Son to get ripened. You can pick up the message, and then let the Son bake all the greenness out of you, make you matured Christians. You see what I mean? God's coming soon to receive His church, and we must have that type of Christians for Him to receive. The wheat's got to get ripe. All right.

**65** These three musts, must be. Must not misinterpret or mishandle it, misinterpret or dislocate it. It must be kept just exactly the way God said it was. To the world it's a Book of mystery. The people believe it's just a mysterious Book. One time I was talking to a very famous man here in the city, that holds a great standing of Christianity, and he said, "I tried to read the book of Revelation one night." Said, "John must've had a big bay of hot pepper and had a nightmare." See, a book of mystery, but ...

**66** while to the true believer, it's the revelation of God being revealed in the age we're living in. He said, "My words are spirit and life." Jesus said that. Again, "The Word is the seed that a sower sowed." We know that that's true. It's God in Word form, and it can only be interpreted by Himself. The human mind is not capable to interpret the mind of God. How can a little finite mind interpret the infinite mind, when we can't even interpret one another's mind. And you notice, He is the only one can interpret it, and He interprets it to whom He will. It didn't say "Mortals of old as they strode across the earth in sundry times and divers manners." God in sundry times and divers manners revealed Himself to His prophets, see.

```
Mark 4:14 The sower soweth the word.

John 6:63 It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**67** And notice. To whom He will reveal it... And He so designed that He could hide Himself in the Scriptures to the smartest theologian there is. Oh my! He can just hide Himself; sit right there in the Scripture, and you look all day long and never see it, look a lifetime and never see it. He can just hide Himself sitting there. Now, please, everywhere, let that soak in, that God in the Word can hide Himself so in the Word, that there isn't a theologian or a school in the world could ever find Him. And yet He's sitting right there. You say, "Is that right, Brother Branham?" How about the Pharisees and Sadducees? How about in every age? He's done it. Sure! He's done so in every age. Now, we can check that. Let's think about the days of Noah---smart, intellectual age---how He hid Hisself in His promised word. In the days of Moses, how He hid Hisself. In the days of Elijah, how He hid Hisself. In the days of Jesus, how He hid Hisself. "He was in the world, and the world was made by Him, and the world knew Him not. He came to His own; His own received Him not." See,

```
John 1:10 He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

John 1:11 He came unto his own, and his own received him not.

```
**68** He hides Himself from the smartest, intellectual men there is on the earth. You say, "Well, this is Doctor Holy Father So-and-so." I don't care who he is, God hides Himself from him, and will reveal it to babies such as will learn (see), babies of God, predestinated seed. Think. The Mighty God, sitting in His own Word, blinding the smart, educated people of this present age, and they don't see it. They think it's a bunch of fanaticism. Look at Him standing there hiding to Pentecostals, Baptists, Methodists, Presbyterian: revealed Himself right out publicly, and showing all kinds of things, even putting it in the papers, and things like that, yet they don't see it. Oh, our God, how great, revealing Himself to whomever He will. "Oh," you say, "Brother Jones or Brother So-and-so, he's a great man. He will see it." Oh, no! He reveals it to whom He will. Say, "My wife don't see it, and she's a Christian woman." He reveals Himself to whom He will, see. "Well, my pastor's a great man." That's right, but He reveals Himself to whom He will. Now, check with what's been revealed to what's happening, then you can quite understand.

```
Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

```
**69** Now we notice then, it makes it a Book of God and not a book of man. If it was of man... Now, let us look how it would express itself. Look how it exposes sin of the men who wrote it. Notice the men who lived in it's day, Abraham for instance. He's called the father of the faithful. Notice how that... Do you think Abraham would've wrote this Book on himself, of his own cowardliness? How do you think that he would've wrote that he lied to the king that morning and said that was his sister when it was his wife? Would he write of his cowardly deeds that he done? Sure, he would've never done that. How about Jacob in his deceit? A little deceiver that Jacob was. Would a man, a Hebrew writing of his Hebrew brother that in him that all of Israel was called, would he dare to write the deceit of the very father of the whole nation? In Jacob come forth the patriarchs; from the patriarchs come forth the tribes. And the foundation stone of all of it, the Bible exposes him as a deceiver. Is that right? Do you think men would've wrote that? No, sir!

**70** How about a man writing of the greatest king they ever had here on earth---he was a crowned king, David---in his committing adultery? Would those Jews ever wrote of their most noble king being an adulterer? Oh, we have history like George Washington never told a lie, things like that. We call that history, but this is a man---a Bible that calls David an adulterer, and he was the King of Israel, an adulterer who was to be the son ... Jesus to be the Son of David, the very headstone, and His father according to flesh was an adulterer. Jews would've never wrote a Book like that. Would man write this of his own self? Certainly not.

**71** How would that proud nation of Israel, (you know how proud they were) proud nation of Israel, went and wrote about their own idolatry, wrote about their rebellion against their God, wrote against the dirty, filthy things that they did, wrote out in a book? They'd have sure hid that. They'd just showed the good things. But this Bible tells what's right and what's wrong. Anyone knows that the Jews would've never wrote a Book like that about their own uncleanness, and idolatry, and failure, and everything they had. They'd never wrote that. Oh, no! Then who wrote it? The Bible said in Hebrews 1:1: "God in sundry times in divers manners spake to the fathers through the prophets." Then it wasn't the prophets. It wasn't mortal. God, not prophets in sundry time, but "God in sundry times in divers manners spoke to the fathers through the prophets." I got a scripture wrote down here. I don't know what it is; I can't refer to it. Usually when these thing I'm referring to, I'm looking at a scripture. I'm going to look it up just for a minute, if you'll excuse me. It's II Timothy 3:16. I thought I would remember that, but I'm sorry. I'll just stop a minute to find out what it is.

```
Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**72** "God in sundry times and divers manners spake to the fathers through the prophets." Now, II Timothy 3:16. Let's see what it says in 3:16 All Scripture [Yeah!] is given by inspiration of [Prophets? No! Inspiration of what?] God, and is profitable for doctrine, and reproof, and correction, and instruction in righteousness. That the man of God may stand perfect, thoroughly furnished in all good works. All right then, all Scripture is wrote by inspiration. Jesus here on the earth said that heavens and earth would pass away but His Word wouldn't. He said all Scripture must be fulfilled. So then, the Book is not a book of men's writings; it's a Books of God's writings.

```
2 Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:

2 Timothy 3:17 That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**73** Now, we know God chose by predestination His church, His place, His prophets, and all about it. By foreknowledge He predestinated His prophets. And when the age arrived, He had His prophet arrive at the same time and inspired him as He wrote the Bible by him. Now, God wrote the Bible only using the prophets, because that's His way of doing it. So see, it is not the word... So see, it is the Word of God and not the word of man.

**74** God is a person. God can speak. God can talk. God can write. He didn't have to do it that way, but that's the way He chose to do it. He didn't have to do it that way, but He chose to do it that way. Now, you say, "God wrote with His finger, His own majestic finger, the Ten Commandments. So God could write it Hisself if He wanted to," see. But He chose to write it through prophets (see), because it was His attributes, His Word, He expressed through them, making it all a part or a part of Him, see. He could write with His finger. He also took His finger and wrote on the walls of Babylon, "Thou art weighed in the balance and found wanting." He wrote with His own finger.

```
Daniel 5:5 In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaster of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote.

Daniel 5:27 TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.

```
**75** God can talk. Do you believe God can talk? He talked to Moses on the mount in a burning bush. You believe that? Yes, sir. He talked to John in the form of a dove. You believe that? Said, "This is my beloved Son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in." He talked to Him. He spoke to Jesus on Mount Transfiguration before Peter, James and John. He can talk; He's not a mute. God can talk. So He spoke to Jesus on Mount Transfiguration. And He spoke to Jesus before a whole multitude of people, when the people said, "It thundered." But it was God speaking to Jesus. And almost all of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John is Jesus speaking. He's God. So God can talk.

```
Exodus 3:4 And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.

Matthew 3:17 And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

Mark 1:11 And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

Luke 3:22 And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.

John 12:29 The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.

```
**76** Took His own fingers and wrote on the sand one day. He spoke; He preached; He prophesied with His own lips---God did---when He was made flesh and dwelt among us, God manifested in flesh. If He can write, speak, can't He also tell others what to do? Certainly can. He can talk to them in a human voice. He can write and show them what to do. He has done it. So, God in sundry times and divers manners spake to the fathers through the prophets. And He said on this writing, that not one jot or tittle shall ever pass away until it's fulfilled, and then it's manifested. Then it will pass, because it's manifested, and it can't pass then. But just the Word itself is made flesh. Jot means "small word." Tittle means "small mark." Not even one punctuation, one expression, anything shall ever fail in the Word of God. It can't fail, because it's God, God manifested in the form of a human flesh. For it's God Himself in letter form, prophet form, manifested in flesh. Now, that's the reason Jesus could say, "The ones who spoke to you, you call them gods, who spoke to you by the Word of God," said; "and they were gods." Those prophets when they were anointed with the Spirit of God and brought exactly the Word of God, then they were gods. It was God's Word speaking through them.

```
Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

John 10:35 If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**77** They only interpret as the Author would permit them to interpret. Now, if you want to find that, that's II Peter 1 and 20 and 21. All right. Where God... There's no private interpreter; He does His own interpretation. God speaks and interprets it Himself, then reveals it to whomever He will, hides from all others. He don't have to reveal it to anybody unless He wants to. And He's expressed His whole thing in the Scripture; therefore, the whole thing is already made known; He's just sitting there watching it happen, just seeing the body be made and come back to the form or His bride again. All right.

```
2 Peter 1:20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.

2 Peter 1:21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.

```
**78** Believers believe it, like Abraham that called things contrary to it as though it was not. It also---this Word---discerns the secrets of the hearts, Hebrews 4:12. It discerns the secrets of the heart.

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**79** Prophets did not always understand what they were writing or what they were saying, or they would in no wise have said it, if they could've understood it, see. But the Bible said they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Moved. When the Holy Ghost moves you, you move. Man... God in sundry times and divers manners spake to the prophets that were moved by the Holy Ghost. That's why all ages, the people who were spiritual consulted the prophets about the times and what was to happen. The prophet-writer must be in constant fellowship with the Author, see. He must live constantly in the presence of the Author to know what the Book's going to be, see. The prophet-writer, he had the pen ready anytime, constant fellowship with the Author, which was God, to strike down whatever He said put down, see. Showed what kind of a life He must... A separated life from all of his brethren.

```
Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**80** Now, that's why the prophet had his mind set constantly on what God said---not what man thought, what the age thought, what the church thought, what the kingdom thought---what God thought. He only expressed God's thoughts to word, because a word is a thought when it's expressed. You got it now? The word is a thought expressed, so the prophet was waiting for God's thoughts. And when God revealed His thoughts to him, he expressed it in word: "Thus saith the Lord" (see---not "Thus saith I, the prophet"---"Thus saith the Lord," see. All right. That's why they defied kingdoms and church ages, which to do so in those days was a death penalty. Who'd walk up in a king's face and tell him, "Thus saith the Lord, 'such-and-such is going to happen'"? You'd have your head chopped off. The church would put you to death right now for doing it. But these prophets were bold. Why? They were moved by the Holy Ghost (see), and that's why they become bold. And they wrote the infallible Word of God.

**81** There's many tried to impersonate them prophets, like priests or so forth. And what do they do? Just messed up, that's all. They couldn't do it, 'cause God had selected the man for the age, and selected the message, and even the nature of the man and what would go over in that age, what He could put over, how He could... With the nature of that certain man, He could blind the eyes of others. The words that that man would say, the way he acted, would blind others and open other's eyes, see. He dressed the man in the type of dress that he was, the nature, the ambition, and everything, just the way he had to be, just perfectly selected for that certain people that He'd call for that certain age. While others would stand, and look at him, and say, "Well I can't... There's... I can't..." You see, they were blinded.

**82** Jesus came the same way, dressed ... immortal God dressed in human flesh, and because He was born in a manger, in a stable full of manure, not a place to lay His head, born, thinking He ... with a illegitimate name tacked to Him, see. All these things that He was, and how He come up a carpenter's son, how He had no schooling, more or less in the world; the wisdom of this world, He didn't have nothing to do with it. None of this world's civilization, education, or anything, He had not one thing to do with it, for He's God. It would clash. If He tried to go to a seminary somewhere and learn something that these world's churches was doing, why, it wouldn't even ... wouldn't correspond at all with His understanding, for He was God. So education, schooling, seminaries, and things is absolutely contrary to the will of God. The whole educational system is contrary to God. Everything teaches away from God all the time. When I hear a man say that he's Doctor, Ph.D., L.L.Q, that just makes him that much farther from God to me, see. He's just educated hisself that much farther from what he really was called to do. That's right. Notice how that now they were moved by the Holy Spirit.

**83** Now, that don't mean that educated men don't come in. Look at Paul. I guess there wasn't a smarter fellow in his day than Paul, who was Saul of Tarsus. He was educated under Gamaliel, one of the greatest teachers of the day---great, strict Hebrew, a Pharisee of denomination ---and Paul was brought up under him. He knowed all the Jewish religion; but when he come to the church, he said, "I never come to you in the education of man and so forth, because if you would, then you'd trust in that. But I come to you in the power and manifestation of the Holy Ghost, that your faith would be in God." There you are. That's right.

```
1 Corinthians 2:1 And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.

1 Corinthians 2:4 And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:

1 Corinthians 2:5 That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.

```
**84** Many tried to impersonate these people, but they got the thing all messed up just like they do today. There was one raised up before the time of Jesus and led four hundred people off. And you know how the Scriptures read about these things, trying to do it before the time come. And some of them tried to impersonate Him, and they was all this, that, and the other one. And He said in the last days how they would raise up false Christs in the last days, and false prophets, and show signs and wonders. We have all that, see. But that doesn't do away from the real. It only makes it shine out better, because we have a real Christ, not a false one.

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

```
**85** Now, now, we realize then that God sent His prophets. That was the way He had of bringing His Word to the people, through the lips of His prophets. And notice, you know, Moses said, if you want to read it... In Exodus the fourth chapter and the tenth and twelfth verse, Moses said God spoke to him. God talked to a man lip to ear, and He said... "I'm slow of speech." Moses said, "I'm not sufficient; I---I---I can't go." He said, "Who made man to talk, or Who made him dumb? Who made him to see, or Who made him to hear? Didn't I, the Lord?" Said, "I'll be with your mouth," see. So... And Jeremiah said---if you want to read that in Jeremiah 1:6---Jeremiah said that, "God put words in my mouth," see. He talked lip to ear with one prophet and spoke through the other prophet, he had no control at all and spoke through his lips.

```
Exodus 4:10 And Moses said unto the LORD, O my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?

Exodus 4:12 Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say.

Jeremiah 1:9 Then the LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth.

```
**86** He's got ways of getting His Word out, you know. Yes, sir. So you see, the Bible is God's Word, not man's word. Moses said, "God spoke to me with a voice, and I heard Him. I wrote down what He said." Jeremiah said, "I couldn't speak at all, and the first thing you know, my lips was talking, and I was writing." God spoke through his lips, and it come to pass. Daniel, Isaiah, and so forth, all those prophets were just about the same.

```
Exodus 19:19 And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice.

Exodus 24:4 And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of Israel.

Jeremiah 1:6 Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.

Jeremiah 1:7 But the LORD said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.

```
**87** You know, in the Old Testament alone, it's more than two thousand times those prophets said, "Thus saith the Lord." Now, if a man says "Thus saith the Lord," it's not the man talking. If he would, he wouldn't be a prophet; he'd be a hypocrite (see); because it would never come to pass. One chance out of ten hundred thousand times (see) they might guess it. But if it's "Thus saith the Lord," the Lord God has said it, if I'd say, "Thus saith Orman Neville..." If I'd say, "Thus saith Mr. Mann..." If I'd say, "Thus saith Brother Vayle," out here or some of these other brethren, any of you, I'm speaking what you said. If I'm truthful, I'm saying just what you said. And these men being prophets said, "It's not me. I have nothing to do with it, but it's 'Thus saith the Lord.'" So the Bible is "Thus saith the Lord" by the prophets.

**88** Notice. They took Christ's Spirit upon themselves and forecast the events that would come to pass. Talk about forecast, they said what would take place down through the ages as they sat, stood, laid, walked with the Spirit of Christ upon them, in so much that they acted like Christ. And the readers would read it and think that the prophets was speaking of themselves. You remember the eunuch when he was reading Isaiah 53:1, about how that "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, with His stripes we were healed"? The eunuch said to Philip, "Who is the prophet speaking of, himself or some other man?" See, the prophet spoke as if it was himself.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Acts 8:34 And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?

```
**89** Look at David crying in the Spirit, "My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me? My bones they stare at me---at me [David] . They pierced my feet and my hands [David] . They pierced my feet and my hands, but Thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither will thou suffer thy Holy One to see corruption," as though David was speaking of himself being holy. It was the Son of David, that germitized, spiritual seed coming down through there. Though David himself was a cocklebur, but on the inside of there was a wheat grain. You get it? So the whole Bible is not the word of man, neither was it wrote by man, brought by man, or neither can it be revealed by man. It's God's Word revealed by God Himself, His own Interpreter: Christ revealing Himself in His own Word.

```
Psalm 16:10 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.

Psalm 22:1 To the chief Musician upon Aijeleth Shahar, A Psalm of David. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?

Psalm 22:16 For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have enclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.

Psalm 22:17 I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.

```
**90** Look at Christ standing back here in David. David couldn't even think now. His mind had gone from him, as it were. And he was hanging on the cross---like you see the statue here---hanging on the cross crying, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? All my bones, they stare at me. They pierced my hands and my feet. They thrust my side," see. "Why art thou so far from me? All the bulls of Bashan come, pass by, they wag their heads, saying, 'He trusted in God that he would deliver him; now, let's see if He will deliver him'" ---speaking the same words. So you see, when God was made manifest on earth here, He said the same words David did. You get it? So you see, it's not the word of man; it's the Word of God. That was God in David. That wasn't David; he didn't know what he was saying; he was just so in the Spirit. That's the way Moses was. He was so in the Spirit, passed out of the dimension that he was living in, and stood there face to face, in that burning bush, talking to God Himself. Said, "Take off your shoes. The ground you're standing on is holy ground." I imagine when Moses left there, he thought, "What happened? What taken place? What was it?" Said, "Go down in Egypt; I'll go with you." He said, "It's so real to me, I must go." He got his wife and his children ... and his child, rather, and his stick in his hand, and took off down to Egypt to deliver the people, see.

```
Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

Exodus 3:10 Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.

Exodus 3:12 And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain.

Exodus 4:20 And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

Psalm 22:1 To the chief Musician upon Aijeleth Shahar, A Psalm of David. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?

Psalm 22:8 He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him.

Psalm 22:12 Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round.

Psalm 22:16 For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have enclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.

Psalm 22:17 I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.

Matthew 27:43 He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.

Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Mark 15:34 And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

```
**91** God speaking, Himself, through the prophets. See, they're absolutely... It isn't the prophets, it was God; because the prophet, of themselves, they couldn't say those things. "Who has believed our report?" Isaiah saying, you see. "Who has believed our report? To whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? He shall grow up before us as a calf in a stall..." And how that... "Yet He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity, chastisement of our peace upon Him; with His stripes we were healed." We were healed way over here in this age here, in Isaiah, back yonder eight hundred years before Christ, see. "By His stripes we were (past tense) already healed." Oh my, how the Word of God's so perfect. Trust in it, folks; it's the only thing that can save you.

```
Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?

Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**92** All other words---I don't care how well they're placed, who they come from, what denomination they come from, or how smart the man is---is to be absolutely ignored, anything contrary to the Word. If you want to put that Scripture down, it's Galatians 1:8, see. Paul said, "Though we or an angel from heaven would preach any other thing than this that you've already heard, let him be cursed." In other words, if an angel would come to you from Heaven, a bright shining angel, and would stand (boy, that would be bait for this day, wouldn't it?) ... a bright shining angel come up there, and stand, and say things was contrary to the Word, you say, "Satan, get away from me." That's right. If he's a bishop, if he's a... whatever he is, don't you never believe him if he doesn't speak exactly with that Bible, word by word. Watch him, he will carry you with the Bible now. He will carry you to a certain place and then hook it right there. When you see the Bible saying one thing and he bypasses that, watch him right there. See, that's the way he done Eve. He come right down and said everything just exactly. "Well, God said this. That's right, Eve. Amen, we believe that together." "Well, God said this." "Amen, we believe that together." "God said this." "We believe that, sure." "Well, but God said we'll die." "Well now, you know, He's a good God." He didn't say He wouldn't you know. "But surely..." Oh, me. There he is. And if he was deceitful like that, and the Bible said in the last days he would deceive the elected if it was possible, where ought we to be today, friends. Now, these little Sunday school lessons should be carried pretty close, you know, to our hearts, to see... We ought to listen real close and see how deceiving that thing is.

```
Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

```
**93** Notice, we cannot---we must not---listen to any other man's word. We don't care how smart, how educated. The Bible in Proverbs says we must cast down reasonings, see. Now, here in this second realm... First realm is your senses of see, taste, feel, smell, and hear; that's in your outer body. On the inner body, which is the spirit, is reasonings, and thought, and so forth. We must cast all that down. Can't reason, say, "Now wait, if God is a good God..." And we're told so much today that He is. "If He is a good God, then if I be sincere, though I can't see that in that Bible being right, though I be sincere, I'll be saved." You'll be lost. If I go to church and just do the things that I believe it's right and try to hold up for what I think is right, well I..." You're still lost. "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof is the ways of death," see. You won't be saved; you'll be lost, see. It must be that inside control man.

```
Proverbs 14:12 There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.

Proverbs 16:25 There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.

2 Corinthians 10:5 Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;

```
**94** "Well, I spoke in tongues, Brother Branham. Well, don't you believe in speaking in tongues, Brother Branham?" Absolutely! "Well, I shouted; don't you believe that?" Yes, sir! "I live a good Christian life; don't you believe in that?" Yes, sir! But still that don't mean you're saved. You're a good person, clean, moral, holy, good person; so was those priests, religious to the core, so religious till one misconstrued, they'd be stoned to death. The death penalty of fooling with the Word of God was death.

**95** That's what's the matter with our country today, the reason we got so many loose-leaf things in the earth today: The penalties are not strong enough. If a man was caught running out with another man's wife, they should both be taken out in public and castrated right in public and turned loose. That's right. If a man's caught doing anything wrong down the road, speeding, he oughtn't to be given less than ten years; he's ... premeditated murder, see. You put penalties like that on, you'll slow them down. But when some crooked politician can get to this one over here, and pass it off, and say, "Well, he was drinking a little, he was ... didn't mean to do that..." And would kill a man, wife, and a whole bunch of innocent children, let the Ricky get by with it, that's politics. That's the world; that's the devil.

**96** God said if a man was caught in adultery or a woman, take them out there and stone them to death. That settled it, see. If you was even caught picking up a weight of a stick on the Sabbath day, "Take him and stone him." They lived by that. And now, see, we don't have them kind of laws today, but the Christian, the church what I'm talking to this morning, that law of God is in your heart, see. You have no desire to do it. It's inside here. You want to keep God's law so perfect. No matter what it is, you want to be just what... If God needs a doormat at the door, He wants you to be that doormat, you're so happy to be that. No matter what it would be, you want to be the doormat, see. Whatever God wants you to do, that's what you want to do, because it's God. Now, that's where you really find your real, genuine, true love for God.

```
Leviticus 20:10 And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.

```
**97** Now we find out then that an angel would preach anything else besides what's come to ... already been said in the Bible, let him be cursed. Nobody can't do that; it must be just exactly the way it said. And again we read in Revelations 22:18 and 19: "If any man will add one word to this or take one word from it, God will take his part out of the book of life." That's right. God will take his part, though he be a minister, whatever he may be and his word ... his name is wrote on the book of life, God said, "I'll just rub it right off (that's right) if he adds one thing to it or takes one word from it." That's how infallible God has made His Word, see. You can add to the church or take from the church, but don't you add to that Word or take from it, because God will take your name right off the book of life. And you're finished then, see. You can't add to it or take from it. It's just exactly what...

```
Revelation 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

Revelation 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

```
**98** It needs no interpreter, for the Bible said that God does His own interpreting of the Bible. "It's of no private interpretation," said Peter. All right. And all the Scripture is divinely given, divinely set in order; and the whole thing is a revelation of Jesus Christ. The New and Old Testament, where they foretold of Him coming, what He would do when He got here, and what He would do in this age to come... So that makes Him the same yesterday, today, and forever, see. Like in Hebrews there when Paul wrote it: He's God, Jesus Christ yesterday of the Old Testament; He's Jesus Christ today, manifested in the flesh; and He's Jesus Christ forever in the Spirit, to come (see, see), same yesterday, today, and forever. And He ever lives to make His Word live what it said it would do for that age. He is alive.

```
2 Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

2 Peter 1:20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.

```
**99** He was alive in the Old Testament, manifested. Now, I just want to let you see a little something here if you can stand it. Watch. When Jesus was manifested in the Old Testament as we believe it... Now, you preachers out there, you can argue with it, do whatever you want to, but I'm talking from my ... what I think, see. When Jesus was manifested in the Old Testament in a theophany, in the person of Melchisedec, not a priesthood, but the person, the man, see... For this man had yet not been born, but He was in a theophany; so He had no father, no mother. He was God Himself. He was manifested in the form of a man called King of Salem, which is King of Peace and King of Righteousness, see. He was Melchisedec. He had neither father nor mother, beginning of days of ending of life, see. It was Jesus in a theophany in the form of a man. Could you go that? All right.

**100** Then He was made actually human flesh and dwelt among us in the person of Jesus Christ Himself, born of the virgin Mary. He come in that form so He could die, and went back into heaven. Now, in this last days He has promised to manifest Himself in the fullness again of His flesh in Spirit, see. For as it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man. Now, look at the Sodom, how it set, and what taken place, and Jesus Christ being manifested in bodily form of His church today (see), doing the same things, same work, same things that he did all the time, never changes, the eternal one, see. And upon earth today, He has manifested Himself in the human bodies, our human bodies that He has called, and He's done exactly the same thing He done in sundry time, and in the times of His flesh upon the earth. And doing the same thing today, because God in sundry times spoke to the fathers through the prophets, in this last days through His Son, Jesus Christ (see), the Son being revealed in the last days, God manifested in human flesh, setting just before Sodom's destruction, the end of the Gentile world. Do you see it? There's three manifestations.

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**101** Now, the next thing happens, is when it's all gathered up into that one person, Jesus Christ, bride and body at the physical return of the Lord Jesus, making His three times when He was brought on earth, killed, crucified, raised up, manifested Hisself in the form of His body, which is His bride, the woman. Do you get it? She's part of His body. And the woman and man is just so close together, till they're just almost... They are the same; they ought to be anyhow. There they are; see. They just exactly manifested the same. She's a part of Him, because she was taken out from Him. And the bride today is taken out from the body of Christ, which is acting and doing just exactly like He said it would do for this day---the bride, the queen, King and the queen. All right. We're getting late now so we're going to have to hurry and get through.

**102** All right. The entire Bible is the entire revelation of Jesus Christ, making Himself known to every age. He made Hisself known in the days of Luther as a foundation, the church, the foot, the leg, like He did King Nebuchadnezzar. You remember how he dreamed those dreams. It come from the head down, see. Now, He comes from the feet up, see. In the Babylonian kingdom---He showed all those Old Testaments---He come from the head down, until He come down to God Himself become flesh at the foot of the ladder. Now, here in the New Testament He brings Hisself right back up again to the Head again, the Head of gold to be crowned, see. Look, do you get it? See, God was in the beginning; and He kept coming down through the prophets and on down until God Himself became human like us, plumb down at the foot of the ladder, a baby born in a manger, hated, rejected, despised, and a bad name, and everything He was. Then He started rising (see), and from the feet He begin to build the church, the bride, coming back, on back, and now coming out into the headstone, where it all joins together and makes the one great transfigured body of Jesus Christ.

**103** God is revealed in every age by his promised Word to that age. Now, let's just look what some of His promises is for today while we're closing now in these last words. Now God is revealing Himself in the evening light time. Let's see now. We see... I got a bunch of Scriptures wrote down here, as you can see on this page how many scriptures is written there, but we just got about fifteen minutes till twelve. I want to get out, and I haven't gotten hoarse this morning speaking. Sometimes these air conditioners here makes me real hoarse, so if Brother Neville don't... You ain't got anything for tonight? [Brother Neville says, "No."] If it's all right, I got something. I found a cigarette pack, the other day, laying in the woods; and I got a message from that cigarette pack for tonight, the Lord willing, see. So I've got these scriptures here, and I don't want to run overtime so you can get back.

**104** A cigarette pack speaking. All right. I was starting down through the woods, and there laid a cigarette pack. And I walked on away, I thought, "Well, somebody's ahead of me." And something said, "Turn back and pick that up." I thought, "Pick up a cigarette pack? Not me." Something said, "Turn back and pick up the cigarette pack." And I went down; there was an old empty pack, and I seen something. I'll tell you about it tonight, the Lord willing. All right.

**105** Now, we're going to speak about evening lights just for a few moments. The Bible predicts that there would come a time right at the closing time that the sun would come out, and there would be an evening light. We all know that, don't we? We who are familiar with our message today from the Lord Jesus, we believe that there'll be a evening light. And this evening light... Of course, the great light will come when Jesus Himself will be manifested here on earth ... or up in the heavens, taking away His bride, and then the Millennium will set in.

```
Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**106** But we've got one of the most dreadful times to go through that ever laid before human beings. And I'm just waiting for the hour and when we can get ... everybody can get a chance where you can get off from work and spend a few days, and we can get set up somewhere where I can speak on those plagues and things that's to fall in the days, and throw about two or three weeks together, and bring that together, if the Lord let's me live to do it and will inspire me to do so. See how those things will be dropped in and those thunders, then you'll find out what that man and them people has been dreaming about and all these things there; it'll come to pass, see. You'll notice what them revealed, that great thunder a-coming forth out of the skies. Now... Of course, the whole bunch of you, you know that I know what that means, you see. But let's just wait till the time comes (you see) for it . Now... It'll be more in season.

**107** Now... So we're going to read some of these scriptures in here. Now, in the evening, light come. Now, we notice that it'll have to be the same light that was in the morning, because there's not one sun in the morning and another sun in the afternoon. It's the same sun; same sun that's in the afternoon is in the morning, the same in the morning as in the afternoon. Now, it said the day itself---the day between that time---will be kind of like a ... oh, like a dismal, dark day, could not be called day or night in between that.

**108** See, that's the forming of the body from the feet coming up. When He was here on earth, He was a Son, the likeness. Then He was killed. The church took His place in martyrdom, and went through the Dark Ages, and begin to build on the foundation coming out. Then where does the sight come from? At the top of the head. See that vision, Nebuchadnezzar? See Him going down from the beginning of the Gentile age before the blood was shed for them and made an atonement. They were proselytes for Him. But notice it went right down, right down, right down to the bottom in symbol (see), brought it down, then it started right back, coming back, the church come back from the feet, coming up. Now it's in the head time---head time. Now, notice the light...

**109** You can't see with your hands, yet it's part of the body. You can't see with the ears, yet it can hear. You can't see with the nose, yet it smells. You can't see with the lips, though it speaks, see. That was the Pentecostal age. But now, it's in the eye time, the seeing, see. Now, there isn't one moving faculty beyond the eye. Is that right? The next is the intelligence, which is Christ itself, who controls the whole body. No moving motion beyond that, see. Everything else has moved, see. Move your feet, move your muscle in your legs, move everything, move your ears, to move your nose, your lips, and so forth; but after your eyes, there's nothing moves. That's why they claim that man gets bald headed quick, is because (see) there's no exercise to develop the muscles in the hair the scalp, see. And it's not got a cushion so that they can get blood up in there. The blood won't pump through (see), won't go up and furnish blood, 'course the hair root lives by blood. And now, we find out that that part (you see)... There's nothing beyond the eye.

**110** Now let's find out. It shall be light about the middle day? At the evening time. What is light sent for? So you can see where you're ... how to get around. See where you're at. It shall be light about the evening time. Now, we take that now and compare it over with Malachi 4. He promised that there would be light come again in the evening time, see. "For behold, I will send to you Elijah the prophet, and he will restore the children back to the fathers, and the fathers to the children (Is that right?), lest I come and smite the earth with a curse." Now, let's take John ... or St. Luke 17:30 and watch what Jesus prophesied there, saying that, "As it was in the days of Sodom, it'll be the same..." Now remember... Notice. This is at the time that the Son of man would be revealed, the revealing of the Son of man. Now, the Son of man was actually revealed potentially just for a few moments there, just before Sodom was burned. Now, that man was Elohim. That was God, and Jesus is God. And God was revealed potentially right there for a few moments to talk to Abraham in the investigation judgment, just for a little bit. The Son of man was revealed, the Son of man: Elohim. Do you see it, church? The Son of man, Elohim, was revealed just for a few minutes; for the very next morning, she was burned. When? Before the sun could come up again. So there can't be no organization left, neither can there be any further advancement than what's going right now, for she'll burn before the day breaks again. The revival's over across the nation. There ain't going to be no more revivals, big sweeping revival; this nation will never receive it. You might have a intellectual gathering, but I mean a Spiritual revival. We've seen all of it. I hope you're catching it. I'm saying it in such a way that I hope you get it, see. It's over. A fine minister said awhile ago, said, "Brother Branham, if I could just have the joy of the Lord in my heart." I said, "Son, the revival's over," see.

```
Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

Malachi 4:5 Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:

Malachi 4:6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.

Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**111** Now, the stabilizers is been put on the ship. Great fearful waves are out here before us; but we know just beyond that wave yonder, we're nearing the shore, see. We're nearing the shore. Just stay stable. Just stay in the Word, stay with God. No matter how you feel, what anything else, stay right with the Word. Let it stay stable. When you see all these great big old clouds around us, and storms a-coming, and atomic bombs, and everything else they're talking about, but our stabilizer is right straight in the Word. God said it would be here; we'll crest every one of them. Yeah. We'll go right over the top of them. Yes, indeed. They can't sink us; they can't drown us. You put us in the grave; we'll come out again. That's just all there is to it. There ain't no way in the world to keep it down there. We'll crest every one of them, because our great Chief Captain is calling at the other side. We're anchored in Jesus, The storms of life I'll brave; I've anchored in Jesus, I'll fear no wind or wave;

**112** Whatever it might be, let it come, what may, what it will, doesn't make any difference; we're anchored right there in Jesus. If I live, I'll live to the glory of God. If I die, I die to the glory of God. I just want... Just to the glory of God is what I want to do. When that's all over, I don't want to stay any longer. I want to go to where ... to my reward that He bought for me, not what I earned, but what He bought for me, what He give to me by His grace.

**113** So we see the evening light's here. And what does it do to have light if you don't have any eyes to see how to get around in it. What is the evening light? The light comes on to reveal something. Is that right? If there's something here you're feeling, and you can't understand what it is in the darkness, then turn a light on. It's to reveal. What's Malachi 4 to do? See, do the same thing. What was the opening of the seven seals to do? What are all these denominations staggering around in this [unclear words] ? It's to reveal, bring out. If you haven't got any eyes, then what's the use to reveal. There has to be eyes first to see. Is that right? To reveal Malachi 4, reveal St. Luke 17:30, St. John 14:12, also John 15:24; 16:13, and to also reveal Revelation 10:1-7, the opening of the seven seals and the seventh angel's message, to open up, to reveal when the evening light's come. Now, if a man...

**114** In the Laodicean age the people were what? Naked. Are they? Blind. What good does light do to a blind man? If the blind leads the blind, don't they all fall in the ditch? Naked, blind, and don't know it. Even their mental faculties are gone, their spiritual faculties of mental ... spiritual understanding, see. Heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, and despisers of those that are good, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof (the power of revelation). They don't even believe in it, see. They don't believe in such things as prophets, and so... They don't believe in it. They believe that Malachi 4 is to be a certain church or certain organization. When he come the first time, he was a man. When he come the second time with a double portion, he was a man. When he come in the form of John the Baptist, he was a man, see. In the last days when the evening lights begin to shine, eyes will become open and you'll see where you're going. Then the body is already formed, standing upon it's feet, taking motion, moving by the Holy Spirit. What? The same one that moved upon the prophets that wrote the Bible, the same Holy Ghost moving in a body, filled with the Holy Ghost, moved in the Holy Ghost out of every organization and every kindred, tongue, and people.

```
Matthew 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

Luke 6:39 And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?

2 Timothy 3:3 Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,

2 Timothy 3:4 Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

Revelation 3:17 Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:

```
**115** A little lady here, she don't belong in this organization (this organization) ... belong in this congregation. She comes from somewhere else, and she come in this morning, got a picture there. She give it to my son, was very much astonished. I don't know whether she ever heard about this or not. I don't know. She had a picture of this Angel of the Lord that was on the seven church ages---seven seals opened out there. When it did, said, "looked back through there" and she seen that standing in the sky in a dream. And she looked back through there and seen that ... seen somebody in white marching forward and behind it. Said it looked ... said, "Brother Branham, it was you." And said marched in there, said, "Behind you was people of different colors packing banners---Georgia, Alabama, all different kinds of places---marching forward coming up into the headship to where Christ was being revealed into the vision." Oh, Hallelujah!

**116** We're in the last days, and the last hours of the day. Do you see Him now in His Word and all of His Word made manifest right here before us? Oh church of the Living God, get to your feet, believe Him with all that's in you. Hold to that little wheel in the middle of the wheel; let it stabilize every move and every motion that you make. Every thought that you have, may it be controlled by this power on the inside of you, because God is sitting right in His Word of this hour, in the evening light, showing forth the light.

**117** The blindness of a bat... You could turn on a light, and the bat would be so blind he couldn't fly. A hoot owl, all those night prowlers, and things like that, roaches, and things, can't see in the daytime. They don't know what it's all about. They can't see. And the evening lights is come on. Every parable, everywhere we go---to nature, to the Bible, to the statues that Mel... that Daniel saw and the king of that day, all of them saw, and all these things, everybody, every form, every move, every place in the body---positionally shows us the very hour that we're living in. Not another move can come above it. There was a move of the hand, charity, Wesley. There was a move of foundation, Luther. Charity... "There never was a greater," it's called. The Wesley move, they sent missionaries to all the world. One of the greatest moves that was made in the age before that. Then come the Pentecostal age; then come in the different fingers and things, the Pentecostal age of tongues, and nose, and so forth. Now, it's in the eyes. What good will you need eyes ... or need light, if that eyes wasn't there to see. There has to be eyes first to see; and then when that come, He opened the seven seals and revealed the evening light, taking all the mysteries that's been hid down through these church ages and now revealed them as He promised to do in Revelation 10:1-7. Here we are today sitting in the midst of the Word, and the Word being revealed to us by Jesus Christ. Then this is God's Word.

**118** And be His subjects we must walk close to the Author to understand it, for it to reveal. "Oh Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do? If I must go to the fields and preach the Gospel, or must I stay at home? No matter what it is. If I must be a good housewife, if I must be a good mother, if I must do this, that, or the other, whatever it is, if I must be a farmer, if I... Whatever it is, Lord, what would you have me do?" Wasn't that what Saul cried out down there, "Lord, what would You have me do?" He was down on his road down to put all the church into prison, but then he cried out, "What would You have me do?" when the light turned on as a big pillar of fire hanging above him, "What would You have me do?" I think that's a good word to close on, and say, "Lord, what would You have me do? When I see this Scripture so perfectly revealed right now, Lord, what would You have me do?" Let us bow our heads.

```
Acts 9:6 And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do.

```
**119** I ask everyone in here to search out your hearts now and ask that question, "Lord, what would You have me do?" And you people if you're still on the telephone wires out across the nation, you bow your head and ask, "Lord, what would You have me do, seeing that we're here in the last days and the last hours, just so perfectly before us, so plainly revealed. What would You have me do?"

**120** Dear God, while they're asking You that question I ask myself, to You: What would You have me do, Lord, as I realize that each day must be counted for. And I pray that You'll help me, Lord, to live so that each day it'll be counted to Your honor and glory. I pray that You'll help everyone, all across the nation, and those here that's present in the tabernacle, as we search out our hearts and say, "Lord, what would You have me do? What could I do, Lord, to further Your kingdom and Your cause." Grant it, God. Search us---our hearts---and try us; if there be any iniquity in us, Lord, any selfishness, any bad motives or objectives, O God, cleanse us with the blood of Thy Son, Jesus Christ, who... We humbly accept His propitiation of His death and His resurrection. Being justified by believing that He did this, we gladly accept the plan of salvation that You give it to us. Father, we thank You for the message of the day, what we believe and what we hold onto, to know and believe that it's Your Word and Your message ---not to be different from the other people---but to try to be more like Jesus Christ who is our example.

**121** Dear God, laying here is handkerchiefs, and there's sick people everywhere. And I myself, Lord, am tired and wore out this morning. I pray that You'll help us, dear God. We look to You for strength. You are our strength. You've helped so many, dear God. The other day, thinking down there in that woods, walking around with Brother Banks Wood, when the doctors... His heart was so bad he couldn't hardly walk around. Then to think how little I knowed up there walking in those mountains after that vision. "I must get that lion. I must see that lion killed." Then coming down there and standing there in Tucson at Furr's Cafeteria, and see his clothes all bagging down, his eyes drooped, I said, "God, if You can show a vision where a lion is, surely You can show about Brother Wood." And then it come, "Lay your hands upon him." And here he is today, back, our Brother Banks again, strong, running up and down those mountains. How we thank Thee, dear God. You're the same God to all of us as You'd be to Brother Wood. I know You love him, because he's your servant, honest, and sincere.

**122** And I pray, dear God, that You'll deal with each one of us, and forgive our sins, and heal our sicknesses of our bodies. Make us more like You day by day, Lord, until we come in that full statue of Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord. I trust that You've searched every heart now and we know what to do. We ask for You to bless us now, in Jesus' name.

**123** And while we have our heads bowed, is there any here present or out in the telephone land across the nation that would just like to, while you're praying and your head bowed, just raise up your hand to God now. That's all you can do, it's crowded in here this morning. Just raise up your hand to God, say, "God, make me more like Jesus, I want to be more like Jesus." God bless you. Out into the land across the nation, hands just everywhere, just a solid mass. Also mine lifted up. "I want to be more like Him. Search me, Lord, and find if there be any evil in me; take it out. I want what..." We're just here so long, yet we're going to leave whether ... no matter what you are, how rich, how poor, how young, how old.

**124** Standing yesterday to a little poor bunch of people way up in a mountain down on the creek, there was a little family there, a man I've been talking to about God so long, come down and his little wife, seven or eight children, him, a little bitty spindly thing, out there trying to work, a couple dollars a day. And a man let him live in a little shanty, and there his wife up there, nearly ready to have another child; and she had a big, broad axe up there chopping wood and pull it down, baby on one hip pulling the wood with another, come down to cut that wood to can some blackberries to keep from going hungry through the winter... My, how we felt sorry for her, and Brother Woods and I went and got the truck, and went over there, and cut her wood, and brought it in. A grateful little woman, she was standing there. I felt sorry for her, and we kept praying for them.

**125** And her little baby took epilepsy. We went and prayed for the little baby, and God healed it. And the other day her husband had a hernia and went in... I'd been talking to him. He smoked, both of them. She used tobacco and he did too, typical of mountain people. And then I kept talking to them about it. And yesterday morning when I went in about daylight, here he come walking out holding his hands together and said, "Brother Billy, I'm a changed man." He said, "I've smoked my last cigarette, and I'm over on the Lord's side." She said, "I just smoked my last one too." Oh, plant the seed, "I the Lord have watered... I water it day and night, lest some shall pluck it from my hand."

```
Isaiah 27:3 I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day.

```
**126** Oh, God, be merciful now, I pray, and give us the desire of our heart, because in our hearts we want to serve You. Now, Father, they're all in Your hands, everywhere. They're Your children; deal with them according to mercy, Lord, not in judgment, but in mercy, we ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**127** You love Him? All your heart... Now, you that have the handkerchiefs can get them. And now, our services, I think they start a little early, seven o'clock or something like that. Brother Neville will announce it, just in a minute, about when to start. And is there a baptism, I guess, this morning? The water is ready. If somebody's here and has not yet been baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, why, certainly water is ready for the baptismal service.

**128** We appreciate all the minister brothers. I see Brother... How did your meeting, went all right? Brother Parnell, and Brother Martin and, oh, so many of them here, Brother Lee Vayle... There's just ministers all over the place. We certainly appreciate you being here, fellowshipping with us around the Word.

**129** Maybe you might not agree with me just exactly on this. Don't ask you to, you see. Only thing, you just consider it. What you tell me, I consider it. If ministers would pick up the tape and they'd say, "Well, I disagree with..." That's all right, my brother; you may shepherd some sheep; you feed them whatever you wish to. I'm trying my best to stay right with the Word for these that's been put in hands for God, because sheep want sheep food, of course. "My sheep hear my voice." And that's what... We live by every word that proceeds... Not all... Not just a word now and then, but every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. That's what the saints should live by. Let us stand now to our feet. While we bow our heads... Brother Neville, you got something you want to say? Brother Mann? All right. Everybody feeling good, say, "Amen!" [Congregation replies, "Amen!"] Now, let us bow our heads. I'm going to ask Brother Lee Vayle if he will come up here if he can. If you can get over there, Brother Vayle, if you can... Brother Vayle is our brother here, a writer of the books. And he's getting the book ready now, of The Seven Church Ages and working with the Seven Seals. And we'll soon ... hope to have them out pretty soon. All right. Brother Lee Vayle, God bless you.

```
Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

John 10:27 My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:
```
