---
Date: 1955-11-20
Title: What is that in your hand?
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Tent Meeting in San Fernando, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 52 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# What is that in your hand?



**1** Praise be to God. Oh my! Doesn't that make you feel wonderful? So happy... All that appreciates the Brother Einer, Brother Weirmo singing, just raise your hands. I want to show you, brethren, how they appreciate you. I've been thinking recently about, maybe having a ... starting buying me a tent, a good size tent, and see if I can get these brothers go along with me. Just take around and around the nations, singing and preaching the Gospel, and praying for the sick. Kind of filling in time till the Lord comes, you see, till it's all over then. Then we can go home, then I'll just listen at them day and night---all day, 'cause there's no night over there, over in the other world---singing the glorious Gospel. Brother Weirmo and Brother Ekberg, only God alone knows how I appreciate it, your singing. Now, you see how the congregation appreciates it. We thank these brethren from the depths of our heart.

**2** A little brother sitting here, John; that's all I know his name is; a plumber, I believe. And I hope he gets ... every plumber in California has the same kind of an attitude towards Christ as this man has. Been so wonderful, having his help and how he's worked day and night; and get up at five o'clock in the morning and get off and drive fifty miles to work and come back; and get over here and stay here, maybe till around midnight and then... You know, that's hard work. And he's done it freely. And we just love him for it, don't we? We all appreciate this, our brother.

**3** I don't see little Brother Arganbright. He's around here somewhere, perhaps. Maybe he's got in yet. Another gallant little soldier of God. If he isn't here, why, all right. I don't want him to hear it, anyhow. I want you to hear it, see. He's a real, real brother. Just... I've knowed him now for some time, and he's one of the nicest little men that I ever met in my life. And his little tiny Irish wife, just as... Both of them together just about make one good size person, you see, they're so small. And so ... but, we've been staying at their house. And talk about a lovely home, always open, prayer, Christ-like. We certainly appreciate Brother and Sister Arganbright, and all the folks on Zion's Hill up there. They call it Zion's Hill; the whole atmosphere there's Christianity. And so, we are so happy for them and his efforts. Now, Brother Arganbright just never runs out of things to do for the Lord Jesus. And he doesn't do them grudgingly; he just freely goes out and does them. I couldn't have even taken trips overseas if it hadn't been his help. And he's got a burden on his heart. When he hits a burden for some nation, here he'll come. I'll see his car drive in the yard and I know, well... Meda will say---my wife---say, "Well, here we go overseas again, don't we?" So, Brother Arganbright with a burden on his heart.

**4** And he's such a godly little person; even I have no leading, yet I'll go with him because I know God leads him. And so, we appreciate him with all of our hearts. And sometime when you meet him, tell him so. He is the one who got me out here. I was away in Switzerland. For years he's been telling me, "I got a burden for San Fernando Valley." And I said, "Well, where's that at?" And I don't know too much about the country. "Way up there a little neglected people, got a few little churches set down there and they're struggling hard." "Uh-huh." He said, "Would you go up there? Now, you may not have many in congregation, but will you go?" I said, "If there's only one, that'll be all right, see. Just don't make any difference where it's at." You know, that might seem strange to people. We never look at numbers. We never look at quantity, we look at quality. That's what we're after. Philip was having a big revival down in Samaria one time. And God called him away from that great audience to go out in the desert and meet one person, and never did send him back. Is that right? See. So, we look at it in that respect, it's different then.

```
Acts 8:5 Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.

Acts 8:26 And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.

Acts 8:27 And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,

Acts 8:28 Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.

Acts 8:29 Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this chariot.

```
**5** To all the cooperating pastors here, that's cooperating with them, I don't know the brethren, but they're a fine bunch of men. And you new converts from around this part of the country, get into their churches. Help them. I would try to support men who believe in the ministry like this. Don't you? A Gospel, the full Gospel. Get into their churches. There's other good churches here, and we appreciate every one of them. All these men, your efforts... My dear brother, I pray that God will help you, and bless you in every manner. And then, to the ushers: They've done a wonderful job. And we appreciate them; even the custodian around. Everybody's been so kind, to you people.

**6** Brother Arganbright ... I've been trying to get him. Usually after a service is over, they take up a love offering for me. Now, I never took an offering in my life. I started to, one time. I never forget it. I ... pastoring a church twelve years and never took a dime in my life. I worked and I supported ... had to support the church. So, I remember the afternoon I come in, and, oh, my, we were really stricken that week. And you know how you get to them points, you can't make them meet, you know? That's when it's bad. And I said, "You know, honey..." Not because now, they wouldn't help me. No, sir. That little tabernacle would have sold their clothes to help me. And I appreciate them, but just 'cause I just wouldn't take it. So, I thought I was able to work, why not work. And I tell you the truth. I say this from the depths of my heart. I wish when I go into these campaigns, I could get me a good job somewhere, if it wasn't nothing but splitting wood or busting concrete---something. That's the truth. I mean it from my heart. So that I could at least support my family or something, but they take up the little love offering to help me to support my family.

**7** And so, I remember I told the wife, I said, "I'm going to take up an offering tonight." She said, "Honest?" And I said, "Uh-huh." So she said, "I'll go over and watch you." So, she gets over and perches herself right out in front of me. I got up and I said, "Well, folks," I said, "I don't like to do this." I said, "But kind of got a little snag." I said, "If one of the brothers will pass the hat around." I said, "I hate to ask you, but," I said, "if you'll help me with a few nickels," I said, "I'm a little bit under, about five dollars." I said, "I can't make it, and I owe a debt and I promised to make it, and I can't do it." I said, "If you'll help me, I'd appreciate it." The old deacon got up and looked at me---poor old Brother Wisehart, if any of you all happen to be from around---reached over and got his hat. And I looked down, sitting down to my right, and a little old woman named, Mrs. Webber, she was sitting down there, a very godly, saintly, little old woman. And she reached under this little apron she wore outside of her dress. (Ladies do that a whole lot in the south.) And she got this pocket laying here, beneath the apron, pulled out a little pocketbook about like that, with a little snap on top of it, turned it back, began to reach down there among them nickels. Mmmm. I couldn't do it. I looked at her. I said, "Oh, I was just teasing you all. I didn't mean that."

**8** And so, Brother Wisehart had the hat, and he said... I said, "Oh, Brother Wisehart, I was just going on, you see." I tell you, I couldn't stand that to save my life: see that poor little thing reach down and getting out them nickels of her little... Mmmm. No, sir, not of that. And you know what I done? There was an old brother use to come to my house, by the name of Brother Ryan. He followed me out West, everything. He just recently went to glory. He was about eighty years old, long white beard. And he had hair... I used to get at him about it. But, men oughtn't to wear long hair. And I used to accuse him of being in the house of David, but he was a Pentecostal brother. And so, he rode a bicycle down there, from Dowagiac, Michigan. And he gave me the bicycle. It didn't have any fenders on it, and hardly any tires, and pretty bad shape. And I had it sitting out there in a little coal shed. So, I went down and got me a ten-cent can of paint, down at the ten-cent store, painted it all up, and put a sign on it for sale. And sold it for five dollars, and didn't even have to take up the offering. So, that's about as close to an offering as I ever took up.

**9** Out in the meeting, perhaps they did. I told Brother Arganbright... Now look. All the efforts that you dear people... We haven't had but just a little group of people, the expenses are high, and I know that you've done everything that you possibly could do. And you don't know how I appreciate that. Sorry to even have to take it. If I could underwrite it, I'd do it. But, oh, brother, I couldn't do it. And I appreciate your efforts. God will... I pray that He'll multiply you a hundredfold. But I understood (by the grapevine, you know) that the expenses wasn't met. I told Brother Arganbright if he taken up a love offering for me, to turn it over to the expenses of the church. And I had three hundred dollars to start out here; it was formerly from another meeting. I had enough to get back home, and I could pay my bill, and so forth, while I was here. It'd be all right.

**10** And now, this meeting ... striking that. Not your cost, but it just somehow... We may be out of section or something another; they didn't have the audience enough to take care of the expenses. I've missed it two times, and both of it was in California. One down at the other place, and one up here. And I promised the Lord that when my meetings got to a place they didn't financially support itself... And I never will let them beg. If anyone ever begs for money, or "Who's going to give fifty dollars," and so forth, that's the time that we stop. Yes, sir. I don't believe in that. No, sir. God is able. And I said, "Now, Lord, when You don't support me, then it's time for me to come in home." So, now, I don't believe in begging money. But, anyhow, we have a way, then God has made a way for us now, that through our efforts we can pay off everything, and it'll be taken care of fine. Now, this is not saying now... Remember, you dear people that just put in money and done all you could, if you need something and there's not enough to make it up, and everybody, you can't do it, you know; I know what it is. What if somebody come and asked me this afternoon, say, "Brother Branham, I wish you'd let me have five thousand dollars." Oh, brother! I wished I could. But I couldn't do it, so you get the measure I'm talking in.

**11** Now, we appreciate all your efforts then. God bless you. I hope someday, if God is willing and you'll let me, I get to come back and stay a little longer where we can maybe have a bigger meeting, sometime when we come back to San Fernando. [Congregation applauds.] Thank you, thank you kindly. Thank you kindly.

**12** To keep my wife from completely fainting, when she knows she's going to have to walk up on the platform, she's... I come at the house where she was, just before they left. They brought me in and emptied up the place so I could study. She was the nervousest little thing I ever seen in my life. I felt sorry for her. She said, "Billy, am I really going to have to get up there?" And I said, "Just walk up on the platform, honey." She said, "Oh, oh, I..." [Brother Branham laughs] "Don't think about that." She wants to come up before the anointing strikes. My wife, as tender and bashful as she is, she's still a very spiritual person. And I say this, because she'll just probably walk up and walk back, but I hope and trust that every young man in this building and every young couple today ... and when you get married, that your life will be just as happy together as she and I have been together the fifteen years nearly that we've been married; been like heaven on earth. And if there's any credit to be given to the Branham family, give it to her. She's the one who deserves it. That's right. [Congregation applauds.] A real woman, a real [unclear word] All right, honey, wherever you are. She's here somewhere.

**13** And I want her and my little girl, Sarah... I got a little Rebekah, a little Sarah and a Joseph. How many remembers when I first come to California several years ago, told you I was going to have a Joseph? Let's see your hands. And the strange thing was, the next child was born was a girl. But the Lord told me I'd have a Joseph. The doctor said, "She can't have no more children." Said, "That caesarean..." My wife has to have sectional birth, her and her people. And so, the little Sarah was born, and she's tomboy enough to be a Joseph. But after all, after several years, along come little Joseph. He weighs eighteen pounds, at six months old, and we love him with all of our hearts. Brethren and sisters, my wife, Mrs. Branham. [Congregations applauds.] Thank you.

**14** [Brother Branham speaks to Sister Branham.] Get a microphone. Now you're not going to faint. So just... Ha-ha-ha. [Sister Branham says, "I'm certainly happy to be here, friends, and to meet all you lovely people. And I'm really enjoying these services, and the presence of the Lord."] Thank you, sweetheart. That's the best you ever done. Thank you. [Brother Branham refers to his little girl, Rebekah.] Oh, she's as bashful as her mother. Well, thank you, sweetheart, and thanks to little Sarah, and... Now, that's the little lady that you hear on the telephone, that sits day and night at the telephone, and at the door, constantly all the time, meets the public; thirty-six years old and almost snow white-headed. Almost to a nervous breakdown right now, because she's just in such a fix. She stands between me and the public of the world, all around the world. And she certainly has a time. God bless her gallant soul, and someday where all good mothers go, may she be there forever. The Lord bless her. Thank you all for making her so welcome. We love you for that very much.

**15** And now, here's some handkerchiefs to be prayed for. And is these gloves to be prayed over? Someone lost them. Now, I do in the services, I get gloves, I get little children's little stockings. And here sometime ago, I... This is kind of cute. We got just a little bit of time to have fellowship, haven't we, before we start?

**16** I was going down through Louisiana, and we were going way down in the southern Louisiana to have a meeting. And while I was down there, I lost a suitcase off the top of the car, right among the colored district. Mr. Moore said to me, he said, "Brother Branham, you haven't even got a chance." Said, "You'll never see that suitcase. Without even a pocket handkerchief," said, "what are you going to do?" I said, "Well, only thing I'm going to do is just go right ahead and preach the Gospel." He said, "Well, now look, Brother Branham," said, "those colored folks," said, "that's a mean district in there." I said, "That don't hurt." I said, "The colored folks like me, and I love them." He said, "Well, if the..." I said, "My Bible was in there." Somebody had just give me a new suit, and it was in there. I had an old ragged, wore out suit on. And he said, "All you got is in that suitcase." I said, "Yes, that's all right." I said, "Well, my Bible is in there." He said, "Well, now, if one of the sinners find it, they'll throw the Bible away and take the suits and away they'll go." And he said, "And then you can't win." He said, "If the Christians find it, and know who you are, they'll cut that suit to pieces and send prayer cloths one to another. So, what are you going to do?" He said, "You got to lose."

**17** And we got way down in the southern part of the state, where we was going to have the service, and pulled into a little place down there, and so they were... The next thing, there was a policeman come up. And he told him, he said, "Would you radio back? A preacher lost his suitcase up there." And he said, "Sho." (You know the way the southern talk.) He said, "Hey, it ain't Brother Branham's suitcase is it?" Said, "Yes." Well, he said, "He prayed for my mother, and she was in a wheelchair and she was healed." Said, "Sho, I get that suitcase." And away he went, and he radioed over, two or three days. No, no good nowhere.

**18** So, Brother Moore said, "There's nothing about it, Brother Branham. We're going over and buy you a new suit to replace your suits and things, get you some shirts." I said, "This one's not too dirty. This is all right." And so I was preaching right on. And the first thing you know, I was over ... he said, "No, we're not going to stand it any longer. You're going right now." And the phone rang. Said, "Say, somebody wants you, Mr. Moore, on the phone." He went down there, old colored fellow said, "Hey, is this you, Mr. Jack?" Said, "Yes." Said, "Is Brother Branham with you?" He said, "Yes." Said, "You tell Mr. Bill I done found his suitcase. I's on my road with it." I said, "Brother Moore, where's your faith?" That's right.

**19** Well, the Lord bless. Shall we pray now as we pray for the handkerchiefs. Our dear Heavenly Father, we bring humbly to Thee this day, before Thee, these handkerchiefs, cloths, gloves, whatever more that's laying present; asking You to be so kindly to heal every one that these represent. May Thy loving mercy rest upon them all. The prayer of faith shall save the sick, and God shall raise them up. Now, in the Bible, where we read this over in the book of Your writings, the 19th chapter of Acts of the Holy Spirit in the apostles. We see where the great Saint Paul taken from his body handkerchiefs and aprons. Unclean spirits left the people, and diseases, and they were healed. The people saw that You were with Paul and they had faith; so, they wanted to take from his body aprons, handkerchiefs, and so forth. And You honored every one of them, and the Bible said that diseases and afflictions left the people. Now, Father, we realize that we're not Saint Paul. He's come home to Your house long years ago, but You still remain Jesus, the same yesterday, today, and forever. We see Your Spirit moving among us, the same faith that was in them people is in the people here today. Thou does take Your man, but never Your Spirit. And I pray, Father, that in commemoration of this great act of the people of that day, these people today with the same faith is now sending handkerchiefs; may each of them be healed. I humbly and reverently, with all my heart and soul, ask that You will bless every one and heal every one that these tokens are meant for. In Jesus' name, Thy beloved Son, we ask it. Amen.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**20** I think immediately after the service these will be given to those who have needs. And now, if you happen... Just a moment. I didn't get to pray for hers. Hand it to me, sir. Father God, I pray, late but finally arrived, I ask You to bless her, and wherever this handkerchief's intended may it be a blessing that she's asking. In Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, my sister. Don't worry. There's something about a little old mother, it just makes me... Don't you feel that way?

**21** Sometime ago, way up in the Indian reservation, an old mother one night come crippling up to the altar on crutches, and she had to hold them down like that. She looked up at me, and the tears running down her cheeks and through those deep wrinkles. And she reached over and got her crutches and handed them to me, straightened up and walked off the platform---no prayer or nothing ---an Indian. I looked at her and I thought, Somebody's mother.

**22** I'm not sure... Is this the lady, sitting right out here, that met me at Clifton's the other day and talked to me, and shaking my hand down at Clifton's? Are you the lady there? She was so happy about something that taken place in the meeting. Last evening, in a little restaurant up the highway here somewhere... After the services was over, they taken me out to eat. And I was sitting there enjoying a hamburger when a group of people come in. And a young man, that said he had been suffering with some sort of headaches or something for so long, and how it left him and hadn't bothered him since. This lady here ... about her loved ones being saved or something another taking place, and she was so happy about it. She said, "Brother Branham, there's been so much happen. I don't want to be like the unworthy leper; I want to return to give thanks." I appreciate it, sister. God bless your gallant soul. Now, many of you, perhaps, has had blessings. So, just tell it to some one else to magnify the Lord Jesus, to who we give praise and glory.

**23** Thinking of the different cripple people. Now we got a couple of wheelchairs, three sitting here now, and we got two cots. Let's ask God today that He'll let every one of them... I believe I see crutches laying under the man's chair there. Just ask God that He will let them walk out of here today without their support now. Just be reverent. Now, if I've missed anybody someway of saying things... Yeah, a man's pointing to a blind man sitting there. May he like old blind Fanny Crosby: Pass Me Not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry. And while on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by."

**24** Wish I had the power to come forth today to heal every one of you that's sick. I'd do it. I don't have it. Wish I had the power to save every one of the sinners that's in here. I can't do it. I haven't got it. No other man has got it, outside of Jesus Christ. And now He's freely give it you, if you can accept it by faith, both for your salvation and for your healing. "He was wounded for our transgressions, with His stripes we were healed." All that's sad, I'd like to make you happy. I can't do it. But He has already did it, for He bore it to Calvary. And the only thing you have to do is accept it, just believe it.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**25** Now, if I can be a blessing to you anytime, let me know. If you need a handkerchief and you didn't get it in here today, just give me a call, or something, at Jeffersonville, Indiana, and I'll be glad to send you a little handkerchief. They're free. A little strip of ribbon, it is. I pray over it and send it to you. I'll be praying for you all the time. And now, perhaps, maybe in the next few months, I'll be back overseas again, down through the dark countries. Will you pray for me? I'll remember San Fernando Valley, the people said they'd be praying. The Lord bless you now. And just before we open the pages, just for a short service; we don't want to be in here no more than forty-five minutes to an hour, now. Then we call the pray line and pray for the sick, then we have to move along. And I have to leave for home. And I got to start in Louisiana again right away. I think we're to be back in Phoenix pretty soon. I asked Brother Ekberg. Where is Brother Ekberg? Was he setting here? Where's he at? Is he in the meeting yet? Brother Ekberg, would you raise up your hand if you're here? Brother Einer Ekberg. I don't see him. Maybe he's just stepped out, him and Brother Weirmo. But I asked them to come to Phoenix with me.

**26** And the Lord God bless you now while we bow our heads for a moment of prayer. Lord Jesus, come now. If we've sinned in any manner, forgive us. And I pray that Your great blessings will rest upon each and every one. We come under the care and the wings of the Almighty. We're praying to Him today through the appropriated way, coming by the shed blood of the Lord Jesus, confessing our wrongs, our unworthiness. No merits we have. We only come because we've been bidden to come. He said, "Whatever you ask the Father in My name, I will do it." We believe that, because we look at the resource, where it come from, who said it. None other than the beloved Child of the Almighty God, who was the heart bosom of the Father. And we pray now, that You'll receive us. Come get Your Word, Lord, and speak it through mortal lips to mortal ears, and may it go into hearts, and [unclear words] like the soul. Give faith for the coming services. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

John 14:14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

John 15:16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

John 16:23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.

```
**27** Now, in the opening of the Word, and I was going to speak altogether today was on my heart, to speak on the subject of God In His Universe; but seemingly my time getting away, I will speak over from the book of Exodus, the 4th chapter. I know you have to go to church tonight, and so we'll try to let out early. We want a good long prayer line this afternoon. Many people to be called, to pray for. And now we'll... Turn with me to the 4th chapter of Exodus, you that marks it down. I just love the Word, don't you? "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing the Word of God." No matter how many little things that we try to do or say, how many little fictitious things, and so forth, and our [unclear word] our theology, it simply just doesn't work unless it comes from the Word of God. That's where our faith rests. Now as we read: And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee. And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod. May the Lord add His blessings to these words, and while we try to, by the Holy Spirit, to get the context from this. We'll make the text: What Is That In Your Hand?

```
Exodus 4:1 And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee.

Exodus 4:2 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**28** This was a great day. It was a day Moses... We all know that how God had called Moses and chose him in the early days. How that he was born to be a prophet. And when he came from his mother, she recognized that he was a ... that he was a proper child. Moses, again, a perfect type of the Lord Jesus, born during the time of persecution. How the enemy tried to kill him, just like they tried to kill the Lord Jesus. When Jesus was born, the Roman Empire issued forth a issue to kill all the children from two years old. And Moses, when he was born, saw he was a proper child, his parents hid him, like Joseph and Mary hid Jesus. Everything, he was born to be a deliverer, and to be a prophet, to be a priest; and so was Jesus, just in every way.

```
Exodus 1:16 And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.

Exodus 1:22 And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.

Matthew 2:16 Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently inquired of the wise men.

Hebrews 11:23 By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.

```
**29** But Moses, when the law was given, Moses failed. He came down and struck the rock that was in his hand, and threw it down and broke the commandments, because of a weakness he had, which was temper. And he broke the commandments and went back, showing that that priesthood, Levitical priesthood, would be broken. And in his temptation, he was forty days in the wilderness, and Jesus was in the wilderness forty days. And when He come out, Satan tempted Him at His weakest spot, hunger---forty days' fast. But when he met ... when he met Moses, he could overthrow him, but when he met Jesus, he found out that there was something more than Moses there. He said, "If Thou be the Son of God, perform a miracle here before me. Let me see You do it, I will believe You. Make bread here out of these stones. If You're the Son of God, You can do it." Jesus knew that He only did what the Father showed him. He said, "It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone ... every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."

```
Exodus 32:19 And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount.

Exodus 34:28 And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the ten commandments.

Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Mark 1:13 And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.

Luke 4:2 Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

```
**30** Continually on Satan battled at Him, and even used the Scriptures, and Jesus come back, "And it's also written." And Jesus defeated Satan without using any divine gift that He had. Showing that the weakest of Christian can defeat Satan on the Word of God. And that's the reason that I try to get before the person: nothing in the individual, the preacher; it's in Christ, and Christ is in His Word. Do you believe that? Listen to this: "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us"---died and rose again, and is in us today, the same Word that was in the beginning. This Bible is the letter of God. And every promise in it belongs to you, if you can believe it and accept it in the right kind of an attitude. It's in you, the hope of glory: Christ.

```
Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

```
**31** Notice. Now how do we come into Christ? First, we receive Him by faith, believing. Secondly, "by one Spirit, then, we are all baptized into one body," I Corinthians 12; by one membership? by one Spirit, we are all baptized into one body. That is believers, that's already believed on the Lord Jesus Christ, are baptized into the body of Christ by one Holy Spirit. That's a little against my Baptist teachings, but that's the Bible. I'm a Baptist as long as it stays in the Bible, after that, I'm ... the Bible. We're taught that you receive the Holy Ghost "when you believe," but Paul said (Acts 19) to a bunch of Baptists... Yes, sir. They was with Apollos, and Apollos was one of John's converts. And when Paul passed through the upper coast of Ephesus, he finds certain disciples; he said to them, "Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?" That's right. Since you believed.

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**32** They said... They were believers, having great joy, shoutings, and praising the Lord. Said, "Why, we know not whether there be any Holy Ghost." Said, "Then unto how was ye baptized?" Said, "Unto John." They were Baptists. Said, "John baptized unto repentance, seeing that you should believe on them that comes, on the Lord Jesus." And when they heard this, they were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Paul laid his hands upon them, and they spoke in tongues and prophesied. That's many years after Pentecost, see. The blessing was still going on. It's still going on today and will till Jesus comes, wherever the congregation gathers together. Whether they're Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, whatever they are, when they let Jesus in, signs will flock in the church, like sparks off of an anvil beaten on a hot piece of iron. That's right. When they'll let Christ come in. Always ... always signs. When God appears, watch what takes place.

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Acts 19:3 And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.

Acts 19:4 Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.

Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

Acts 19:6 And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.

```
**33** Moses had been a total failure. And there may be men here this afternoon, maybe ministers, that's been total failures. Maybe you've been as a housewife, maybe you've been as a student at school, maybe you've been as a child to your parents. Whatever you have been, let that be "has been," and start from today. No matter what it is. Maybe you've been a failure as a Christian, maybe you've failed to go on with God. If it has been, take note to what I'm going to say, just in a few moments, about this. Moses failed down in Egypt, when he was born to be a deliverer, to bring the children of Israel out of Egypt. Why? Because he did it in himself. He took it upon himself to do it. And anytime you take things upon yourself and leave God out, then you're going to be a failure like Moses was.

**34** He thought he could do it. Seen an Egyptian beating an Israelite, so he just killed him and covered him up. And when he did it, he become a refugee in another land, over in the land of Ethiopia. And he went over there, and he married a wife. He got him a job herding sheep. And he married... Jethro, the priest of Midian, he married his daughter, and there was two children born to him. And he got a common laborer's job, a sheepherder. And had been herding sheep for forty years, because he failed to put God first. I think that's what's been the matter with the churches. Brother, when it gets to a place that we put our church first, instead of Christ, we're going right straight down. When you put them as an individual, put your church first, your social life first, instead of your spiritual life, you're going to fail. May I stop just a moment. Someone said the other day, said, "Brother Branham, I appreciate your preaching, but you go from Genesis to Revelation." "Huh! It's all Bible." It's all right. I just have to go where He leads me, you see.

```
Exodus 2:12 And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.

Exodus 2:15 Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.

Exodus 2:21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

Exodus 2:22 And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.

Exodus 3:1 Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.

```
**35** And when they was building the temple of Solomon, they had all the stones cut out. Everything was set in order. But they found a funny-looking stone. They didn't think a thing like that would ever amount to anything, so they just kicked it out over into the weed pile. And they went on with their mortar and their stones, putting them together. And come to find out, that the very thing that they had rejected ... they built so far and they found out they couldn't go any farther; there was a stone missing. And they built up to it, but couldn't go any farther. And the very stone was missing was the chief cornerstone, that they'd kicked out to one side. I say that... I'll say it for the Baptists, then you Presbyterians can glory in it. All right. One of the chief things with the Baptists, or any other church, and what we've all done and what you Pentecostals are doing (that's right), you're rejecting the only principle, the only keystone that there is, is Christ. When you kick it out... You might say, "Oh, it won't work in our program." Well, what program will He work in then? You just get out of your program into His program, and the church will move on. Put the Cornerstone down first. If you don't, you'll find out after a while it's just brick and mortar again. So, they had to receive the headstone first before they could ... the cornerstone, before they could go on.

```
1 Kings 6:7 And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor ax nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building.

Psalm 118:22 The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.

```
**36** Moses had rejected that. He had rejected the principles of Christ. And then, he thought he was right. But then he become a refugee and married and had these children, and was herding Jethro's sheep; got him a job a herding sheep. Forty years he had went up and down on the backside of the desert there herding sheep, down the same old paths, an old man, eighty years old. He was called when he was forty. Did you know, forty is God's calling age? Well, look: Joshua, Caleb, David at the throne, oh, so forth, on and on. But when he was forty, God called him. And at eighty he had been forty years in rejection. Moses' life consisted one hundred twenty years: forty years of it was coming up to be taught; forty years of it was total failure; forty years then he served the Lord.

```
Exodus 2:21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

Exodus 2:22 And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.

Exodus 3:1 Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.

```
**37** Now, turning down this pathway one morning, walking along the same old path that he always come. But he happened to see something strange, it was a bush on fire, that didn't seem to burn up. And he said, "I will turn aside to see this strange thing." Now there's where Moses made one of the greatest moves he ever made, was to turn aside, not to criticize, but turned aside to see what this strange thing was. Oh, my brethren, if you only ... you might think these things are strange, but turn aside and sit down like Moses did. And he sat down to look at it.

```
Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

```
**38** One of the greatest scientists, Luxrom, he said, "How did you come..." They said, "How did you know so much about science." He said, "You know how I learned it? I sat down in the presence of Mother Nature and just opened up my arms to her, and she opened up my heart and told me about it." Now that's the way you have to do Christ. Just sit down by the side of the Gospel, open up your heart to Christ. He'll talk to you. Nature will... God will talk back to you.

**39** Moses turned aside to see what this strange thing was. Now, he never said, "I'll take a few of the leaves and go down to the laboratory and have them examined by the chemist to find out why." See, he wasn't curious like that. He just simply sat down and turned aside and watched the sight: a fire burning, strange fire. And when he did, God spoke to him and said, "Moses, take off your shoes, for the ground you're standing on is Holy ground." Now, what if Moses said, "Lord, just a little bit of trouble for me to do that, so I'll just take off my hat." God didn't say, "Take off your hat." He said, "Take off your shoes." And many people say, "Well, I'll just join church." That isn't what Christ said. "Ye must be born again," see. Not how much you join church, but you got to be born again. And Moses took off his shoes, and came up in reverence. That's the way you have to approach God: in reverence---not curious---but laying aside every weight, every doubt. And come up reverently and say, "Lord, what would You have Your servant do?" Approach Him reverently.

```
Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

John 3:7 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.

```
**40** It wasn't an easy thing that night, sitting in the building, away back there in a little fish camp, when I'd just seen the visions since I was a boy. Then coming on up and seeing the whirlwinds. But when I heard that walking on the floor... Not a vision. No, sir. I know what a vision is. Surely. But this wasn't a vision. The man was standing there. I heard him walking. Walked up to where I was, had his hands folded. I was scared to death. I grabbed my thumb, begin to bite on my nail. He said, "Do not fear." I knew that was the same voice that spoke to me since I was a little boy, but first time I'd ever seen him in form of a man. He said, "I've been sent from Almighty God to tell you you're to go to pray for sick people." Then revealed what would take place. That settled it for me. And when they told me that I'd go lose my mind if I went and did that, I didn't pay any attention to them, because I had come to Him reverently. No matter what people say. What God says and people says is two different things. You listen to people, you'll be in all kind of a condition. But you listen to God, you'll be a Christian.

**41** And when he walked up reverently, took off his shoes, God told him, said, "I've seen the affliction of My people. I've heard their groans and moans, and I'm come down to deliver them. And I want you (the one that made a failure forty years ago), I want you to go right back and backtrack yourself. I'm sending you right down." "Oh," Moses said, "I ... I can't talk very good, Lord." Said, "I ... I'm kind of slow of speech." He said, "I ... I just can't do it." He said, "Who made the mouth of man?" And begin to really comb Moses down. That's the way God does. Brother, He shakes you down. Have to build up again. That's the way the people today; you don't like to get broke up. You got to be broke up before you can be remade. The prophet went down to the potter's house to get broke up, to get on the wheel and spun out something different. If you're a sinner, get on the wheel, and God will break you up, mold you different, shape your life up different, shape your home life different.

```
Exodus 3:7 And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;

Exodus 3:10 Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.

Exodus 4:10 And Moses said unto the LORD, O my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?

Jeremiah 18:3 Then I went down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels.

Jeremiah 18:4 And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it.

```
**42** Notice. Moses said, "Lord, I can't go." But God was determined that he was going. And He said, "Moses, you must go." He said, "Show me Your glory, Lord." And notice. God told Moses, said, "What's that in your hand?" He said, "It's a stick ... or, a rod." Just an old, dry stick off the desert, where he'd walked along like this with it in his hand. That may be all that he had, was a stick. Maybe you haven't even got that much, but whatever you got, give it to God. Look what he did with that stick.

```
Exodus 3:11 And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?

Exodus 3:12 And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain.

Exodus 4:2 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

Exodus 33:18 And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory.

```
**43** That was the same kind of a pole that the serpent ... it was made out of here, was made in the wilderness, representing Christ. He threw it down and it turned into a snake. Judgment, already, past judgment. The serpent, from the Garden of Eden, already judged. Picked it up by the tail and it become again a stick. Put his hand in his bosom, turned leprosy; took it out; put it back in again, and it was clean when he took it out again. Then surely... He wanting to see God's glory; divine healing is included in the glory of God. He healed him. Another thing, showing that the heart is deceitful, full of leprosy. And the hand that sways the power, God's power, rod, has to be clean, made divinely clean. And he put his hand in his bosom; it was healed of leprosy, took it out and he could yield the stick then. Then, he seen His glory. After he seen His glory, he didn't care how many critics or anything else, he was on his way to Egypt. And any man or any woman, not standing off from a critical condition, but will accept the unadulterated Word of God and believe it in your heart, all devils out of hell can't upset you then. Certainly not.

```
Exodus 4:3 And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.

Exodus 4:4 And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:

Exodus 4:5 That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee.

Exodus 4:6 And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow.

Exodus 4:7 And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh.

Exodus 33:18 And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory.

```
**44** John Sproule, a friend of mine, not long ago was telling me he was down at Alsace Lorraine and was going through a great garden there, and there was a statue of Christ. And he and his wife was standing off looking at it. He was criticizing it. There was nothing there looked like the suffering of Christ. And the man said to him, the guide, said, "Sir, are you criticizing that statue?" He said, "Yes." Said, "You're looking at it wrong." He said, "Come here. See this altar?" Said, "Get down on your knees, and look up now." And said, when he looked up, his heart would break. The sculptor had made it so that when you... You don't stand off and look at like this; you have to get down and look up to it, to really see what it looks like.

**45** And that's the way God wrote His Word. Not to stand off from a high-pointed, psychological, educational standpoint, and say, "Oh, I don't know. The days of miracles, oh, I don't know whether it's really right or not." God doesn't write His Word for that. Get down on your knees, and look up through the promise, through the blood of the Lord Jesus. It'll look a lot different to you, when you come that way. It isn't to be criticized and say, "And these things was, and this won't be." But the Bible said, "Jesus is the same, yesterday, today, and forever," in every principle, every power. On your knees and look up that way. Then it'll look different to you. Things looked different to Moses. He'd had a vision. The vision changed his life. If you ever get a vision of the living God, it'll change your life. If you can ever once see really what He is.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**46** And how that men and women... And I say this with reverence. But knowing that someday... I must be firm now, for I've got to meet every individual that I preach to at the judgment bar of God. And there... I'd rather you'd be a little angry with me here, and love me there, than to know at that day you'd say, "You deceiver, you knowed different and you wouldn't tell me." I'd rather tell you the truth. Man's got to receive Christ as a personal Saviour and be born again and filled with the Holy Spirit, to ever get into God and know anything about Him. If it's not, it's an educational standpoint.

**47** It might be a change of mind. You can have a change of mind without having a change of heart. A lot of ministers take good churches and so forth, because it's a meal ticket. A lot more better people pay a lot better at the church. That's not a change of heart, that's a change of mind. I'd rather lay on my stomach and eat soda crackers and drink branch water, and preach the true Word of God, if I have to preach it on the street corner, than to compromise with the devil, and live in the best palace that they had and have to compromise. Preach the truth. I'd rather wear a hand-me-down suit, and my shoes gone off my feet, and preach the Gospel and tell the truth about it, the way God writes it in here, than to compromise with the devil and take a back seat. Amen! Be honest with people. "Preach the Gospel." That's what God said. Let the chips fall where they will. That's the thing to do. "The ax is laid to the root of the tree."

```
Matthew 3:10 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Luke 3:9 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

```
**48** Moses was a changed man, not with all of his education his mother gave him, not with all the education and military genius that he was, that Pharaoh had trained him to be; and yet, Moses took a great choice. Moses said he esteemed the reproach of Christ greater treasures than that of Egypt. What if Pharaoh would've only looked into the Word and seen what Moses did. And Moses made his choice forty years back, that he'd rather serve God than to become the heir and the greatest king in the earth: to be a Pharaoh of Egypt. He made his choice. But yet, brother, until he met God face to face, he was still trying to do it in himself.

```
Hebrews 11:26 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompense of the reward.

```
**49** And I believe today, there's many a good preacher across the nation... I say this reverently, brethren. There's a many a good preacher across the nation that's really a polished-up scholar and a real man, that's never went no farther than to accept Christ. What you need today, is to come face to face with the fact and be born again with an old-time Holy Ghost experience like they had back in the Bible days, and accept Jesus Christ as they did then. A vision of that will change your whole being. My brother, my sister, make you a different person. Be born again; see the vision of the Lord. How He appeared there ... signs. Where God appears, the signs appears with God. Never does God appear without showing signs and wonders of His Being. I'm so thankful to know that right here, not out yonder somewhere, not across the sea, but right here on the corner of Lanschire Boulevard, right here Almighty God has made Himself present in these last few nights here. And proven that His Son, Christ, has raised from the dead and showing and doing the same things that He did when He was here on earth. Amen! "And we're not ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, for it's the power of God unto salvation to every one that will believe."

```
Romans 1:16 For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.

```
**50** A changed man. Oh, when he got that new vision... Keep him out of Egypt? You couldn't do it if you had to. He was scared to go down, he was scared of Pharaoh. He was scared of all the Egyptians, because he was wanted for murder. But now try to stop him. He'd got close to God. He'd seen an angel; a vision had come before him. He had warmed up to the fire of God. He got his ... he got his heart warm when he was standing there. He'd seen some miracles and supernatural things. The people was going to disbelieve him, but God had been with him. And every man... You might be a little coward grocery man, or a doctor, or a lawyer, whatever you was, sit back in a corner, joining some church or something and thinking you're all right. But you get into the presence of Almighty God someday, where the power and fire of God is falling, you'll be a different person. You'll tell all your doctor friends that Jesus Christ lives and reigns. You'll tell every person that comes into your grocery, you'll tell your clients as a lawyer, or whatever it is, that Jesus Christ is raised from the dead and He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. But you can't do it standing off looking at it; you've got to get into it. Get it yourself, personally.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**51** Notice him. Now, he's a new man. Here he goes. And how the world will criticize you when you do this. Don't expect a flowery bed of ease. If everybody talked good about me, and everything went fine, didn't have any troubles and trials, I'd go back to the altar and say, "Lord, what's the matter here? There's something wrong." "For all that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." That's the Bible. That's what Jesus said. He can't fail. His words are true. All---not just some of them---all that live godly in Christ Jesus. Notice, how this is. Now he's a new man, got a new vision. He goes home right quick, gets his wife, sits her a straddle of the mule, and a kid under each arm like this. Grabs this old mule, a stick in his hand, a white beard a blowing one way and hair another, one going down like that. Say, "Where you going, Moses?" "Going down to Egypt to take over."

```
2 Timothy 3:12 Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.

```
**52** Why, the world would have laughed at him. What a horrible sight! What a room for a critic! And many times Almighty God gives room for critics, to prove that they are critics. That didn't soak in just good; I'll tell you again: God makes room for criticism. Would you think, Ridiculous: An old man eighty years old, dragging a mule along, a little old donkey; his wife sitting on there with a child under each arm, going down to Egypt to the greatest military nation in the world. Why, Russia would be, in comparison, would be a little thing to what that was. One man invasion! Amen! With a stick in his hand, but a promise in his heart, coming from God. He has to do it.

**53** I said, "Moses, you're just a little bit off, aren't you, son? You're just going a little wrong?" "No, sir. God said so." "Why, Moses, it's all right for you to have a God. I ... I don't mind that. But ... but, Moses, don't you think you just got a little on the deep end?" "No, sir," he said. "I seen God. I walked into His fire. He showed me a vision, and He told me to go. And the promise is in my heart, and here I go." And the good thing he did, he went down and took over. Amen. For God promised it, and God will stick good to any promise He ever makes. I know you think I'm a little rashal here, but I'm not, see. He went right down and done what God told him to do, because it's God's promise. If God makes a promise, He'll stand by His promise. He never fails. If God promises you anything, He'll do it, if it's God. I've never seen Him make a promise yet, that He didn't keep. He always will.

**54** What did he have in his hand? A stick. Whole lot to go against about several million armed men, chariots, horsemen, spears. Look at all the big spears the Egyptians had. Look at the big chariots with sabers on the wheels, running like this to chop the men down as they drove through them. Look at the horses with even spears out in front of their heads on their plates like this, as they run through men to kill a man as he run through. Not hundreds, not thousands, but millions. And here comes an old man, little old flabby arms, little old piece of cloth wrapped around him like this; old, and long white beard, eighty years old, stick in his hand, his eyes a shining, this smile across his face, pulling this mule behind him. Here he goes, going down to take over all of Egypt. Amen. And he did it. No, he wasn't fooling, he'd seen God. Amen.

**55** He's just that real today. That's right. And He's just that fanatically in the sight of the world---not only the world, but a lot of church members. True. Just as fanatically. Here he goes down, but in his heart... "Why, Moses, you're not even a trained man. Why, you're ... you're just a sheepherder. How you going to fight with that stick?" "That's all right. God told me this was all I had, do it." We might not even have a stick; maybe you only sing a song, you can testify. Something, whatever you got, do it. Use it for the glory of God, no matter what it is. If you can't sing, can't whistle, can't testify, can't..., pass out tracts. Do something else. Let's get going. Ever what's in your hand, use it for the glory of God. God's always had men who'd stick by Him.

**56** One time the Israelite army, all backed up, they'd got away from God. They wanted to act like the rest of the nations, so they went and got them a king and refused God. Got them a fine up-to-date pastor, you know. And so he was all styled up, you know. And the first... Then the devil knew that, so he sent a great big old fellow out there by the name of Goliath. Stood over on the side of the hill, said, "Let me make a proposition with you, you people who claim to be so-and-so. If... You send one of your men over and let him fight with me, and if I kill him, well, then your armies will serve ... your nation will serve ours. And if he kills me, then our nation, serve yours." Well, sure, that's the way the devil blows when he's got the odds. That's true. So, every Israelite, "Oh, oh, oh. I'm afraid to do that." Oh, my! I can see them sharpen up their saber and scratch their heads, "But, I can't do that." They'd been away from the fire too long. That's all. That's right.

```
1 Samuel 17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

1 Samuel 17:9 If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.

```
**57** So, one day, there was a little old scrawny-looking, dried-up boy come up there, to bring his brothers some raisins, and some raisin candy, or whatever he had to bring up to his brothers. His daddy, Jesse, sent him up there. Little old dried-up fellow with a piece of sheep skin, a little sheep skin coat on, scrawny-looking. Just a little bitty old fellow. And he come walking up there; and, brother, Goliath made the boast in the wrong man's ears then. Said, "Oh, you Israelites over there." Little David turned around, he said, "You mean to tell me that you'll stand and let that uncircumcised Philistine defile the armies of the living God? Do you mean to tell me that you'll stand in the midst of a world, Communistic as it's getting to be and as atheistic as it is, and let them infidels stand up and say, 'There's no Jesus Christ? Then if His Word's not right, divine healing's wrong?' Not while I got breath in my body, they're not. No, sir. And God will be with me. Why, certainly."

```
1 Samuel 17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

1 Samuel 17:9 If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.

1 Samuel 17:10 And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.

1 Samuel 17:26 And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?

```
**58** Why, his brother looked around, said, "Now, I know you'd come up here, you little snicklefritz, to get into something. You got mischief in your heart. You get back over home to your daddy's sheep. We're the ones standing in this ecclesiastical affair over here. We got it all under control." Yeah, it looks like you got it under control all right. "Oh, we got it all under control. You get back." But some man run along, said, "Saul, there's a man out here, a little old scrawny-looking boy. He said he'd fight that Philistine." "Why," he said, "bring him up here." And they brought him up there. And he said, "Now, I tell you, son, I admire your courage. But if you can get you a degree, a Bachelor of Art, and you can get a DD, and so forth, I believe you might ... you can try it."

```
1 Samuel 17:28 And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.

1 Samuel 17:31 And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him.

```
**59** And he went and unharnessed his own self, and put his big armor on David. But he found out that his ecclesiastical vest didn't fit a man of God. Hallelujah! No, sir. David said, "I don't know nothing about them kind of things. But there's one thing I do know, I got a slingshot in my hand." That's all he had, a slingshot: two strings and a piece of leather. He said, "But the Lord God of Israel let me take and kill a lion with this," and he killed a bear with it. "I took the lion out of the ... I took the sheep out of the lion's mouth. When he rose up against me, I slew him." And he said, "If God was with me there... I've trusted this sling. I've proved it. I know it's all right. And if God will let me do that, how much more will He help me to slay that uncircumcised Philistine." Mmmmm. Quite a voice for a little scrawny-looking guy like that, wasn't it? Why, Saul said, "Now, wait a minute. You just can't go. The association won't receive you like that, you know. So, we got to watch this."

```
1 Samuel 17:33 And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.

1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

1 Samuel 17:36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.

1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

1 Samuel 17:38 And Saul armed David with his armour, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.

1 Samuel 17:39 And David girded his sword upon his armour, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.

```
**60** So, he unharnessed his great big armor, and stuck it on him. Then poor little David was almost bow-legged, he couldn't hold that big thing up. That's what the matter with a lot fellows today, brethren. You're so harnessed up with all kinds of degrees till you can't even preach the old-fashioned Gospel anymore, and ... [Congregation applauds] . That's right. That's right. So harnessed up, denominational-minded, and everything like that. "The board won't let me do it." What do I care about the board? What's the board of Heaven say about it? Preach the Gospel. "These signs shall follow them that believe." Yes, sir. Jesus, the Son of God, has raised from the dead and He's alive today, proving Himself among men. Nothing about the board. David said, "Take this thing off of me. I just can't stand it no longer. It kind of gets on my nerves, anyhow." So, he reached down there and picked up this little slingshot, tightened up his little old shepherd's coat. That's what you want to do, brother. He said, "I'm... I've proved this."

```
1 Samuel 17:38 And Saul armed David with his armour, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.

1 Samuel 17:39 And David girded his sword upon his armour, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.

1 Samuel 17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

```
**61** And there's one thing I can say about this old-time religion: I've proved it, brother. I know it's real. I know what I speak of, for I've trusted in it when the doctor said, "You got three more minutes to live." Amen. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, by His amazing grace saved me. I know what I'm talking about. That's the reason I'm not ashamed to preach divine healing and the power of the resurrection of the Lord, because I've trusted it down to the end of the road. I know what it will do. I know what real genuine heartfelt faith will do in God's Word. It will produce everything God said it would do. That's right. I don't know nothing about how to say, "Ahmen," like you do, and bow and all your fancy dressings and so. I don't know nothing about that. But there's one thing I do know, that Jesus Christ was raised from the dead, and He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the Holy Ghost is just as free today as it was the day it fell on the day of Pentecost. It's the same Gospel, but just unharness yourself and walk out in the open. That's right.

**62** There he was. He took his little old sheep coat and put it on, picked up his slingshot, felt better. You know, kind of get free. All bound down, traditional. That's what's the matter with the church today. Here he goes. Runs down there and picks him up five little stones. Goliath said, "Do you mean to tell me that that's the best you got?" Well, brother, it's more than a match for you. I'll say that. You just don't know what's wrapped around that little old sheepskin coat there. That's right.

```
1 Samuel 17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:43 And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods.

```
**63** Picked up these five stones, places one in there. Why, this great big, boasting infidel walked out there and cursed him in the name of his idols, cursed David. "Well," said, "I'll take you on the end of my spear," which was like a weaver's needle, longer than one of them middle tent poles. And he said, "I'll take you on the end of this spear;" little old boy weighed about one hundred and ten pounds, kind of scrawny, drawed in. Little old fellow, maybe didn't get too much to eat, back on the backside of the desert, but he stayed with God. It's the main thing. "Picked him up..." Said, "I'll pick you up on the end of this, and I'll hold you up and let the birds eat your flesh this day." Watch what David said. David said, "You come to me as a Philistine with an armor, and with a spear, and in the names of your god, but," said, "I come to you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. This day I'll cut your head off, and I'll give your flesh to the birds."

```
1 Samuel 17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:44 And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.

1 Samuel 17:45 Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.

1 Samuel 17:46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.

```
**64** Why? What is in his hand? A slingshot. But God was with him. That's the main thing. Whether you got a bachelor's degree, or a degree of art, or whatever you got, if you got Christ in you, what difference does it make? Whether you know your ABC's, or whatever you do know, as long as you know Jesus Christ in the power of His resurrection, that's what you have to know. There he stood. Why, he said what he would do. And here he went. When they began to draw near, that Philistine raging mad, with his great big armor on like that, and his spear hanging out to catch little old David. Little David went and took that sling now (only thing he had in his hand), put a rock in it like that, wrapped it around his fingers. Look, brethren, he had f-a-i-t-h---five---in J-E-S-U-S---five more. Here he come, with a rock. When he let the rock go, God directed it right in the middle of the helmet, where the helmet should have been on that old Goliath, and he fell. And David jumped up on him, pulled his own sword out, and chopped his head off. And the rest of them took courage and cut the Israel ... or, cut the Philistine army plumb out of the country. I'm telling you, what we need today is another David, who will stand on the Word of God and preach the unadulterated Gospel of Jesus Christ, and make a few preachers take courage and go to cutting down until we get all this boasting and atheistic, communistic element out of our nation, and our place (Amen!), and out of our churches. Oh, that's true, my friends.

```
1 Samuel 17:49 And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to the earth.

1 Samuel 17:50 So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.

1 Samuel 17:51 Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.

1 Samuel 17:52 And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron.

```
**65** One time a man, one man---single-handed ... a big bunch of Philistines run up on him (his name was Samson), he looked all around, he didn't have nothing, but he picked up a jawbone of a mule. And the Spirit of God come upon him, and he beat out a thousand Philistines with a jawbone of a mule. Why? The Spirit of God was on him. That's what made him do it. Yes, sir. There was an old fellow one time, over in the book of Judges, his name was Shamgar. Did you ever read of him? Many people very seldom ever think of Shamgar. He's over in the book of Judges, that's when every man done according to his own will and his own thoughts. And little Shamgar and all the rest of the Israelites, when they get their food into the storehouse, here come the Philistines and take it away.

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

Judges 15:14 And when he came unto Lehi, the Philistines shouted against him: and the spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands.

Judges 15:15 And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.

Judges 15:16 And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men.

```
**66** That's the way the devil will do. Just about the time you get things built up right, and you think things beginning to move good, then the devil will come in. Just watch that. He'll try to come in and tear down what God has given you, steal away. "Sheep-stealing dogs," that's what Paul said. That's right. "After my departure, grievous wolves will enter in, not sparing the flock." You know back home what we do for a sheep-killing dog? We turn both barrels of an old shotgun on him. I tell you the best thing for a sheep-stealing dog, is to turn both barrels here, New and Old both on him. That'll whittle him down, I tell you. When you catch him with the hair in his teeth, that's the evidence. All right. And that's right. Some one come around and said, "Now, did, all of you went down to that tent meeting, didn't you?" Uh-huh. "Oh, that guy's psychic." Well, that may be so, but I'm saved. Amen. That's right. God's doing a work. A while ago I was looking at a man talking there, where he sat on a cot here, being in a cot for I don't know how long. And today he is restored and normally, coming into a church to take fellowship. Thanks be to God. Somebody's got courage, whatever is enough courage in you to rise up and meet the situation.

```
Acts 20:29 For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.

```
**67** Shamgar was standing there; he just got all of his wheat all thrashed out. That's the way the devil lets it go. Got his harvest, the hard work all done, had it all laid up in the loft. He was standing there, and just about that time, him and his wife, his little children perhaps, standing there, and he heard a noise. He raised back the side, and looked down. You know what happened? There come six hundred Philistines, big old fat, roly-poly, walking along there. Their great big armors, tromp, tromp, tromp with their spears, coming up to take away his crops. He looked down at his poor little old wife standing there, sleeves all out, poor little kids looked pale in the face; the Philistines took all he had the year before. And he seen they'd have to go hungry again; there they come. Worked all summer, all of them, done got it put up, and they knowed. When it was all laid up, so they thought they'd come over and take it. There he was standing there, and he looked at that. You know, I don't mean he got angry, but maybe his righteous indignation got up.

**68** You know, that's what ought to happen to you, here on these cots and stretchers this afternoon. Just get a little mad at the devil. Say, "You old lying rascal, you're a liar. Christ made me free. I don't have to sit like this no more. Get out of here." Toe the line with him, brother. He hasn't got a bit of authority. Jesus stripped him of every legal right he had, when He died at Calvary. The whole question of salvation and healing was settled at Calvary. That's right.

**69** He looked around, he thought, Well, I'm not a soldier; I can't fight. I don't know nothing about fighting. And I ain't got time to get out here and learn how to duel so I can fight these fellows. But he just got all stirred up. And looked up, laying on the shelf and there laid an ox goad, the Bible said. That's the thing that's got a long stick with a piece of brass on it. They punch the cattle into their stalls. And maybe when they're plowing, they rake the dirt off the end of the plow, an old ox goad. Now, he didn't have time to train to fight. He was a farmer. He didn't know nothing about fighting, but it was time to fight. And he said, "One thing I know: I'm an Israelite." Hallelujah! "I'm circumcised. I'm in the covenant. God Jehovah is with me." And he begin to think on those things. I can see him swing his little old hands. His wife thought, What's taking place with my husband? Brother, he grabbed that ox goad; the only thing he could get in his hand was an ox goad. And out that door he went and slew six hundred Philistines, armed. Hallelujah!

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

```
**70** What's that in your hand this afternoon? The doctors done turned you down. You ain't got time to piddle around with that anymore. Get right. Whatever is in your hand. Pick up the Word of God, that Jesus is the same, yesterday, today, and forever, and slay the thing and walk out with it. Amen. You say, "Well, Brother Branham..." Yeah, you're too timid. That's what it is. That's exactly what's the matter. I was preaching one day in an arena of a football stadium. And as I went, I seen a little sign, always encouraged me. Had a big sign there, said, "It's not the size of the dog in the fight; it's the size of the fight in the dog." That's about right. It ain't how timid you are or what you are. Brother, rise up. It ain't what you are; it's what Christ is, that's in you, with the power of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, my neighbors will laugh at me, if I got saved." Get Christ in there, and see how you can talk to your neighbor. See how life will change.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**71** I've been rough; I know I have. I've talked to you like I don't know what, but I want you to get out of that little old timid condition you got here. I want you to walk out in the face... Don't be scared. What you got to be afraid of? Jesus walked boldly to Calvary, laid His hands out and tacked up there. Even to the one that tacked Him, said, "He must be royal blood; He doesn't die as a coward. He died like a Prince." He was a Prince of the princes. He was a King of the kings. He was Lord of all lords. And He's here today. Never did He flinch. Laid His arm out... He had one motive, one alternative: do the will of God. You do the same thing. No matter what the devil said to you. Told you, you wasn't going to get well. Your doctor tried everything he could do. He still thinks you're not going to make it. But Jesus said you could, if you'd believe.

**72** There's strangers here today. Now I wonder, while we bow our heads just a moment for prayer, time's getting away... Our Heavenly Father, will You give courage to some poor man or woman who's been tossed about by every wind of doctrine. They come and they don't know what to believe. Through this past week we have seen You do things, Lord, that could not be done by human beings. We've watched You. We see that You have risen from the dead, and You're here today. And without any encouraging, Lord, let Your Holy Spirit speak to the hearts of the people that's in here, that's unsaved just now, that knows that they've just got a mental attitude towards the Word. They've never been born again; they don't know what it means to be baptized into the body of Christ by the Holy Spirit. Let them take inventory just now, Lord, and consider. And whatever You put in their hand, may they raise that hand to You and give whatever little talent they have to You. If it's no more than a testimony, at least they've got a hand, they can raise it. And what is it in their hand, Thou can place. We ask for Christ's sake.

**73** And while we have our heads bowed, and everybody praying that knows how to pray... I wonder today while you're thinking this over, friend... This may be our last meeting time on this earth. If I should come back in six months from now, there's many here that won't be here then. I may not be here then. But this will be our last time together, of an audience of this size. There's many of you that's going to go out before I see you again; our next meeting time's over there. Remember, I'm offering you the Lord Jesus. The only thing you have to do to receive it, is to believe it in your heart and accept it. And I wonder today if there's anyone that would just slip up your hand to Almighty God and say, "By this, Lord, I raise my hand. I'm coming to You now. I intend to be a courageous Christian from this hour on, for I'm accepting the Lord Jesus as my personal Saviour. I'm raising my hand to signify the same thing to You." Would you put your hand up at this time? God bless you, my sister. God bless you, my sister. That is fine. God bless you, my brother, in the back. Anyone... God bless you, my brother, over here.

**74** Someone else say, "I now raise my hands to the Lord Jesus." God bless you, my son. I see you. Someone... God bless you, my brother, back there. I see you. God sees you. Everybody praying now, Christians. God bless you, brother, and God bless you, sister, over there. "I now accept the Lord Jesus as my..." God bless you, my brother. "I accept the Lord Jesus as my personal Saviour." God bless you, my brother, over there. I see your hand. God sees them, too. Remember... God bless you, little boy. That's very fine. "He that heareth my words and believeth on Him that sent Me, has right now everlasting life." Because he what? Believed. Say, "I believe, Lord. I'm now accepting it by raising..." God bless you, sir. God be with you, my brother. That's very fine. You say, "Brother Branham, does that mean anything?" Well, Jesus said, "No man can come except My Father draws him. And all that does come I will give them everlasting life." Now you can't ... you wouldn't be ... you wouldn't be ... have enough real principle about you to raise your hand unless God spoke to you. And because you did raise your hand, then that shows to God, I said, it's showing to God that you want to accept Him right now---His beloved Son in your place.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:47 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.

```
**75** God bless you, little boy; sitting here in a wheelchair, raised his hand. God be with you, honey. Oh, my! If that didn't strike my heart! Just think, there's men and women here, probably aged, that's just went along and read old True Story magazines and things, till you just harden and callous your heart; and belong somewhere and put your name on a book, and never know what it was to be born again. And here a little cripple boy in a chair, raises up his hands, "I want to accept the Lord Jesus just now." Why, sure. Someone else now, just before we pray. God bless you, brother, back there. I see you, the aged man. I see you, my brother. God sees you too, brother. Maybe you wasted a many of year, but now in this age, Jesus will receive you. What did He say? "He that heareth My words, believeth on Him that sent Me, hath (that's right now) eternal life, everlasting. Shall not come into the judgment, but has passed from death unto life."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**76** That's when you believe, you receive Christ in your heart. That's what Jesus said. (Saint John 5:24.) Look... How is it? Oh, we have different ways. Some of us wants to come to the altar; that's good. I like that. I think everybody ought to come up to the altar and pray a while. Personally, yourself, you're praying there. But look! Salvation is grace. It's nothing you can do; it's what God did for you. You can't come unless God calls you. Jesus said you couldn't. And then what did Jesus say? "Everyone that cometh, I will not cast out." "He that heareth My Word and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath (present tense, right now) eternal life, and shall not come into condemnation, but has passed from death to life." The next thing you can receive now is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. After you've received Christ as your personal Saviour, then you receive the Holy Spirit by the Holy Ghost baptism.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

```
**77** Someone else raise your hand. Say, "Pray for me, brother. God receive me." God bless you, little boy. God bless you, son. And God bless you back there. And the little lady in the back, God bless you, sister. That's fine. Just a few more. We've had several. Here's a lady, right here. God bless you, sister. May God bless you, sister. That's so good. Immediately after the service is over here, when the altar call... I want you all come up around here and stand, around here, and just offer your contribution to God of prayer. God will make you a real Christian.

**78** Could we just wait once more and go around, and see if there just wouldn't be one more that's back there? I kind of feel it in my heart. There's just one more. The difference is whether you can raise your hand or not. If you'll raise your hand, that's what's asked. God bless you, my Spanish brother and sister. God bless you back there, brother. God bless you, sonny boy. God bless you, sister. God bless this man and woman sitting here. These two hands on this side, two young children. A young lady, God bless you, sister. You know you're never wrong when you just go according to the Holy Spirit. God bless you. That's wonderful, my brother. God bless you, my little boy. Someone else now? Remember, what's that in your hand? God bless you, my brother. What's that in your hand? God bless you, my brother. It's Christ, saying, "Raise up your hand, now." God bless you, sister. What's in your hand? You say, "Well, Brother Branham, I'm a little timid." That don't make any difference what you are. It's what God can do with you. You just give what you got to Him now. And at least you've got a hand you can raise up and say, "Lord, here it is. It's all I got. I give You my hand, with a true heart behind it. I'm tired of sin. I want to be Your servant." God bless you, young man. That's very fine.

**79** All right. I guess twenty or thirty or more has accepted Him just now. And now... God bless you, sir. God be merciful to you. Our last time together till we meet at the Judgment, maybe. And I'm sure happy... God bless you, young man, sitting back there. That's good. They just keep piling through. I'm so happy for that. And you know, I believe God will give us an outstanding healing service, because that you're coming and accepting. Many of you, here for your first time, has never seen the works of the Lord. And yet, you're coming to Christ. The very Christ that you're accepting, if I'm telling the truth, you'll see Him standing right here in this building, performing the very same things He did when He was here on earth. It's not nothing you have to guess at, friends. God bless you, sir. God bless you, honey, the little girl right here in front of me, little tender heart. Nothing you have to guess, no more worry, no more guessing. It's all gone now. Jesus is here, the last days.

**80** The Bible said, the prophet said, "It'll be light in the evening time." There was a day that wasn't night or dark. Make up your mind now. Where did the sun shine first? On the Oriental people in the East. Mathematically, geographically, it travels westward. Civilization moved from the East to the West. And when it shined down on the people in the East first, what happened? A great Holy Ghost revival amongst the Easterners. Then it come a day where theology, churches, denominations, blinded it out. The Bible said, "It's a day that it's not dark; it's gloomy." They've had enough light to believe that Jesus was the Son of God. They never had miracles and signs. They believed it was the day past. But the prophet said, "It'll be light in the evening." The Western people now are receiving their light. Don't turn it down. The light's a shining. The same Holy Spirit that fell on the day of Pentecost is right here doing the same things.

```
Zechariah 14:6 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:

Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**81** Oh, we got a lot of fanaticism; I'll admit that, friend. But we have to have that. Remember, scarecrows is around the best apple tree. So, now just remember, Jesus Christ is still the Son of God, and those things has to happen. The Gospel cannot be preached without opposition; we know that. The Bible said so. So, don't look at that; look at Jesus. It's light; the evening time's here now. Is there another anywhere, before we pray, that's made up their mind... God bless you, sister dear. That's very fine of you. God bless you, sister, over here. That's good of you. God sees your hands. Now, shall we pray. God bless you, brother. That's good. God be merciful to you. God bless you, little lady, over there, that raised your hand. Be merciful to you is my prayer. Now, shall we pray. And every Christian, in your own way now, pray for these who've just come to Christ.

**82** Dear God, as I know now I'm standing here between the living and dead. I've had to talk real hard this afternoon, because I felt You put it upon my heart, even after I got here. You said, "Shake the people." And I just taught Your Word, and now, some thirty or forty hands has went up. I hope I'm not misjudging them, Lord. I believe they were every one sincere. And they raised up their hands because that something spoke to their heart. And now, I'm quoting to You, Your Word, Lord Jesus; who will meet them down there at the river one of these days when death is choking them in the throat. The doctor's walked away from the house, said, "Well, he'll never come out of that attack." The baby's laying in there, choking out with pneumonia, the little children, or whatever it might be. The mothers and dads that's lived a long life and the death angel sits at the foot of the bed, the old cold vapors of the Jordan floating in their face. But He'll be there. He said, "Who shall not come into condemnation, but has passed from death unto life." May the Morning Star come out and light up the way for them. And when the clods are thrown down on top of the casket, may the old pine trees whisper, "There's a land beyond the river."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**83** They'll remember when that hour strikes, that today, because You spoke to their heart, they raised their hand. Way over in the other land, and I may never get to shake their hand here, but God grant that in a new world, where there's no death or sorrow, no sadness or sickness, may I shake every one of their hands there. They say, "Brother Branham, it was that evening I heard you preach so hard about men must receive Christ, and "What's in your hand." And I raised my hand to Christ and He received me. And here I am today by the blessings and grace of Christ." Will You do that for us, Father? We ask in the name of Thy beloved Son, the Lord Jesus. Amen. [Gap in the audio.] That's all I ask you to do. Only believe........... All things are possible, only believe.

**84** [Gap in the audio.] Don't stir around. Sit real still. Here stands an aged woman, probably a little old mother, gray-haired. Think about my mother at home, when I think of her. My mother's about that size. But my mother's almost a half Indian; her hair's coal black. But has like Indians do when they get little older, they get heavy. That may be somebody's mother, wearing a wedding band on her hand. Only God knows what's past through them old hands. They might have smoothed back the tears from a crying baby's eyes a many times. Years ago, maybe as a little girl, a mother might have picked her up and kissed her finger when she hurt it, rock her to sleep. That old mother's crossed over the border, long ago. Maybe something's wrong with her today, that a mother couldn't kiss away, but there's somebody here who can kiss it away. I don't know her. I've never seen her. Don't even know if she speaks English or not; I don't know. Do you speak English, lady? You do? But you're really not English; you're German, aren't you? Uh-huh. That's right. Until I see you: auf wiedersehen.

**85** Me not knowing you and you not knowing me... I just left your land. Did you hear the story the little blind German girl getting her sight? At Karlsruhe; wonderful meeting. It was around fifty thousand in Germany come to Christ, the same as fifty thousand nearly in Switzerland come to Christ. Your people's all beat down over there. They got enough of Hitler. They want Christ now. They're lovely. They treated me like I was their brother. Thanks, Lord, is right. You know, mother, me not knowing you, I wouldn't stand here... I'd feel too little as a gentleman to stand before an old person like you, a mother, and try to be a deceiver. I'd be honest enough to take this from around my neck and walk away from this building. I want to help you. I want to do something for you, if I can, because you're a Christian. That's right. You got a wonderful feeling to your spirit. It's already coming to meet me. And I know you're a Christian. And God knows your need, doesn't He? And if God will let me to you, like He did through His Son at the well at Samaria...

**86** The audience knows that when Jesus went up to Samaria, He sat at the well, sent His disciples away, and a woman come out. She was a woman of Samaria. And He said, "Bring Me a drink." Did you ever read that? Did the audience ever read that? He was trying to get a conversation with her. She said, "It's not customary for Samaritans ... Jews to ask Samaritans such." He said, "But if you knew who you was talking to, you'd ask Me for a drink." Why, she went on with the conversation, "The well's deep..." Finally He was... What was He doing? Finding her spirit. The same thing I'm doing right here. She's German; I'm Irish. One was a Samaritan, yet, He let her know there was no dividing lines. God loves all people. Well, she said...

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

```
**87** He said, "Go get your husband." He found her trouble. She was living illegally, unmarried. Said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any husband." He said, "That's right. You got five." Why, she said, "I perceive that You are a Prophet." Now, listen here. Don't forget this. She said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh (that's Christ)... We're taught that when Messiah cometh, that He'll do these things." What? Know the secrets of their hearts, like He knowed hers. Knowed where her trouble was. That was the sign of the Messiah. Is that right? Said, "We know when Messiah cometh, He will know these things, tell us all these things." But she didn't know who He was. He said, "I am He that speaks to you." Then she run in, said, "Come see a man."

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

```
**88** Now, if He's the Messiah, has resurrected, you know I'd be unworthy, or anybody else, but somebody has to be chosen for this, doesn't he? Well then, if the Messiah is resurrected, I'm telling the truth, and He's standing here beside of you... Messiah, the Spirit can tell through my lips, if you have faith enough to do it, to tell you what you're here for, like that woman was. Couldn't He? Will the audience believe it, if He does? May He grant it, is my prayer. Now, Lord, I'm trusting in You. In Jesus' name. It's so hard after preaching to get the anointing of the Holy Ghost. But it's here. The same Angel you seen on the paper, is not two foot from where I'm standing. The woman's suffering with a nervous condition. And she's also got something another, about putting a thing around the arm. It's a high blood pressure. She's got high blood pressure. You have stomach trouble, also. And you got two tumors in here. That's true, isn't it? Now, you believe? Then go receive your healing. Jesus make you well.

**89** Have faith, just don't doubt, but believe with all your heart that Jesus, the Son of God, has risen from the dead. How do you do, lady. I'm certainly glad to get to see you. And may God be with you. I perceive that you are a Christian, right away. Now, I wish to speak to you, just a moment, upon a subject. Not knowing you... A man appeared just on the scene of it, but it's too young to be ... unless it was her son. Just a moment. No. It's a lady sitting right there praying for her unsaved husband, sitting right back here. That's right. A young lady, with a little black hat on, kind of got hair hanging down. She's got an unsaved husband she's praying for. She holds a handkerchief in her hand. That is right, lady, isn't it? Raise up your hand. That's true. Your faith, lady, is great. May God grant you your request. I believe He will. When you meet him, tell him that Jesus is speaking to him. Now, I only... Now, you see what I mean? How doubt ... the lady. Did you have a prayer card, lady? You didn't have a prayer card? No. See, you'd never be called in the line without a prayer card. You don't need one, do you? See, it's already answered, see. You don't need any prayer card. It ain't the prayer card; it's your faith. Trying to get away from the prayer card situation. That has nothing to do with it, just a person standing here. Just be faithful and loving and loyal, and believe the Lord Jesus.

**90** Yes, the lady standing before me is a Christian. And she's suffering with a blood pressure and she's real nervous. And she's got a gallbladder trouble, and nervous, upset, brings her to a blood pressure. And there's something strange about you: You've accepted your healing once before on the same thing, but you got too haughty with it, like, and got away. And by the way, you are a ... you are a missionary, or you've been an missionary. And I see another man, and that's your husband. He was a Pentecostal preacher, but he's in Glory. He's gone on. But he ... and you still got something in your mind. You are trying to figure out what you must do with the rest of your life. And you're trying to make a decision, and you feel that you're to go east of here, towards the eastern states, to finish your life in mission work. That's "thus saith the Lord." That is true. What He said is the truth, is it? That wasn't me; that was Him. Every word true. It always is. Now go on your road rejoicing, and saying... [Sister says, "I had doubts about my healing, and I lost it."] Now go, be humble and sweet and Jesus will be with you.

**91** Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Doest thou believe? If you can believe, all things are possible. Sitting next to the usher there, you got trouble with your neck. You want Jesus to heal you. You believe Jesus will do it, sir? You do? Wonderful, isn't it? Sure is. Say, the man sitting right next to you, with the little girl there, has a trouble in the lower part of his body, prostate glands is making him nervous, getting up at night, and so forth. You have a stomach trouble and things that's bothering you because it's made him so nervous. That is right, isn't it, sir? You're healed. Christ makes you well. It's all light around you. That's all you need is faith to believe.

**92** How do you do, sir? I'm a stranger to you, sir. We do not know each other. I've never seen you in my life. But the first time you ever saw me. All right. Now, if that is true, raise up your hand, so the audience will see. First time we've ever met. I may not knowing you; yet, God knows you. I don't... I have no way of knowing you; it's God that knows you. But you're suffering with some kind of a coughing condition, asthmatic condition, you have. And you also have a stomach trouble; you cough, it's a dry cough, but your stomach is... Oh, here's what it is. Sir, you need healing, but you need salvation, too. That's right. You've been a drinker. I see you standing drinking whiskey and drinks that you shouldn't drink. That's right. Your [unclear word] life is open before God. And I tell you something that you might know, to believe me to be His prophet. For the last week or two you've been praying, trying to get right, haven't you? Well, your stomach trouble is gone; your sins are forgiven. Go and be baptized, calling on the name of the Lord and you shall have it. God bless you, my brother. You are my brother now.

**93** Don't come down, unless you confess your sins first. Amen. Just the same as the woman at the well: He knows your heart. Don't move. Believe. How do you do, lady? We are strangers to each other. But God knows us both, doesn't He? You are suffering with a nervous trouble, and you have trouble in your neck, also. That is true. You have a tumor. You have stomach trouble; I see you moving from a table, can't eat. You got ulcers. Now, something happened then, didn't it? A strange feeling come to you? Now, go eat. Don't doubt, you be made well. God bless you. You're entirely welcome. It's not me, sister; it's Him. Just have faith and believe.

**94** If thou canst believe! Little lady, you'll never go blind. Your eyes are bothering you, sitting there, but you wouldn't go blind if you believe the Lord Jesus. Is that right? You're praying for your eyes. The lady next to you, both of you got eye trouble. That's right. You don't wear glasses, but the nerves in your eyes seem to be deadening and you can't see; everything's blurred. Isn't that right? I see you trying to read a book, pushing it up and backwards, like this. Is that true? If it is, stand up, both of you; that's the condition of both of you. Now, may the Lord give you your sight is my sincere prayer. Have faith in God. Just don't doubt, but believe and ye shall receive. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Oh, how wonderful!

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**95** Sir, He heard your prayer just then. Yeah, He really heard it. Hand over your face, sitting right back there, gray suit on. You're all thrilled about something, but you have arthritis. That's right. You were praying about it then. You said, "Lord, let him speak to me." I see you... A stomach trouble, too, you've been bothered with. That is right, sir. I see a woman standing by you, gray-headed, wearing glasses; she's just been healed. It's your wife is in the meeting. That is right. Now go home, your arthritis is finished. Your faith has saved you, my brother.

**96** Doest thou believe? All things are possible. Have faith. If you can believe. He'll do the exceedingly, abundantly, above all that you could do or think. Lady, when I was talking about eyes to this woman a while ago, the second woman from the end up there; she's wearing glasses. Do you believe it happened then? Right here at the end. If you believe it, you can have what you ask for. Amen. Yes. I'm talking to you, sitting there praying. Amen, see. How would He quote ... how would I hear the same prayer that you're praying? Because I was standing with you. Amen.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Ephesians 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

```
**97** Is this the patient? A young girl like this being a patient? How do you do, young lady? You're a very fine little lady, but I perceive that you are a Christian. God give us more girls like you ---Christians. I wish I could do something for you, my young sister, to help you, but of course, I can't. I'm a man, but the Lord who you serve can do it. Now, Nathanael came to the Lord Jesus. He told him he was a believer, too. In this day and time, and especially on this west coast here where so many young ladies live so carelessly, how did I know you was a Christian? The same reason I know you're here for me to pray for you. And what you want me to pray for, is concerning a growth, and that's a lump over your side. That's true. Amen. Now, do you believe me now as His prophet? May I say this to you, to make you believe more. You're interested in two boys. That's right. One of them is kind of a dope fiend, the other one is a juvenile delinquent; and you're praying for those boys. Is that the truth, young lady? You've received what you asked for. Go home. Don't let your faith fail; God will be with you, my little sister. In the name of the Lord Jesus.

**98** Does thou believe? Strange. Something happened, that I see standing here somebody that I know. Standing up in the air. It's a man. He's singing. It's one of the singers from here. It's Mr. Ekberg, and he's praying for somebody, that's a young girl. It's his daughter, and she's suffering with a female trouble. Don't fear, sir, if you're near. God will heal her. Amen. I believe I seen Mr. Ekberg. Is he in the building? It was a man with glasses on, wearing a brown suit, Mr. Ekberg. I don't know him, but it was something wrong with some of his people. Is anybody here know it? Would you raise your hand, somebody know it? All right, that's fine. All right. If he's not here, tell him, where he's at praying: He's praying, and God has heard his prayer. He's appeared here before me in the tent. God knows I know nothing about his family, but there it is. Something happened to his family, just then. Mr. Ekberg was dying, he was going down in a plane; he called on the Lord. I was sitting in a mountain, hunting, and God gave me a vision to pray for him. The landing gears come down in the plane, where they had been stuck, and he landed safely, safely. Only believe. Have faith. Is the patient...? What is it...? [A brother says, "Mr. Ekberg is over here."] Oh, Mr. Ekberg. Was you in the line, brother? Don't fear no more. Go away. It's all right. Do you believe? Was whatever he said true? It's true? God bless you then.

**99** Come. Do you believe? You got a real nervous condition. It's causing you to have many things wrong. One thing is a gurgitation in your stomach. You got stomach trouble. It's caused from a nervous condition. Your foods, greases and things, certainly doesn't agree with you. That is true. Do you believe now? I'm getting very weak. Would you just come here? Father, I bless the woman who Thou ... doesn't ... do this miracle on. May she be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. Don't doubt; just believe it. Would you come, lady? [Brother Branham speaks to someone. "Just don't leave too far."] Just a moment, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Will you accept me as His servant? That the Angel said, "If you get the people to believe you." That's not believe me; it's Them, God, the Holy Ghost, but believe that they sent me. See, that's the only way I could help you: for you to believe me. If you don't have faith to believe it, I've told the truth about the Lord, I couldn't help you. If you believe that, then I can help you. [Sister says, "I believe."] You do? Then you won't have female trouble no more. Now, you can go and be made well. Let us say, "Thanks be to God."

**100** Come, little lady. I want to ask you something. Look here, just a moment. Turn around towards the audience. There's just about sixty per cent of this audience suffering with the same thing you have. It's just coming like one big blast from the audience. You're nervous, aren't you, sister? You just can't hold yourself together at times. Sometimes you think you'd almost take your own life, you wonder what's going to happen. And in your religious experience and so forth, you've never been satisfied just exactly. You've always wondered what was... That's right. It's true. And you've wanted a closer walk with Him. And then, sometimes Satan has told you, just recently, when you're in a room by yourself, said, "You've crossed the line." I'm not reading your mind, but that's true, isn't it? See, he lied to you, sister. You're healed right now, see. You don't have to wait. You go rejoicing. And, God, may this demon curse that's been on this child come out and leave, and may she be filled with Your Spirit. In Jesus' name. Amen.

**101** Have faith. Now, you really don't have to be prayed for. You had the same thing, you see. It's nervous trouble, is bothering you. Let me show you something. Everybody bothered with nervous trouble, raise up your hand out there. See it? God bless you. Jesus who can heal right here can heal right there. Don't you believe it? Everybody with nervous trouble stand upon your feet, just a minute. I see something. Stand here, just a moment. Come here. Just remain standing. Do you believe? If I be God's prophet and I've represented Jesus right, and claim that He gave a gift that I yield myself to Him, and your faith can tell me what's wrong with you, would you believe it? Anemia condition, and a lady's condition. Now, everyone out there that's got anemia, stand to your feet, just everyone in the building. Stand up, with anemia condition, female. Stand upon your feet. Stand right here, just a minute.

**102** Come, lady. You just take your same place, because you had that same condition. Anemia, just stay right there, just a minute. Just keep standing to your feet; you're going to see something in a moment. If them demons out there are screaming here for help... If he has to leave here, he's defeated out there, too. Have faith. Does thou believe? "If thou canst believe, all things..." Just remain right there. Arthritis and things is easy for Jesus to heal, isn't it? You believe it? Now, all that's got arthritis raise your hand out there. Just remain to your feet, you that can; you that can't, hold your hand over your heart. Have faith in God. Same thing. It's moved right in behind you, you had the same thing. Let's say, "Praise the Lord."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**103** I believe something now is to happen. The lady... Here, it's right over a lady. It's moving right down here. Have faith, believe. Bring the patient. Come here, lady. Do you believe me to be... Just a moment. I'll just catch it the same time. How many suffers with heart trouble, stand on your feet. With heart trouble. This woman has heart trouble, too. Have faith. Stand here, just a moment. Believe it. Come. Is it the baby, sister? Turn it around here. All right. Move back and the asthmatic condition, coughing... All with asthmatic trouble, stand on your feet just a minute. Will you do it? Just a minute.

**104** What's in your hand? Satan is defeated. He's exposed, Christians. What about it? None of you are trying to get up off that cot; the devil's robbing you. It's a mental condition. The devil says it's a mental condition. Don't you believe him. Jesus Christ defeats a mental condition. He runs the devil from you. If I was in your place, I'd stand up on the cot and off the cot and accept my healing, and believe and have faith in God. And the rest of you, whatever's wrong with you, the whole thing's fading out. It looks like it's getting milky all around. Put your hands over on each other. They're going. Here it is. This is it. There it goes. Oh, Satan, you are defeated. Jesus Christ, omnipotent, the Almighty God, raised all these people healed. Come out.
