---
Date: 1955-10-03
Title: Faith in action
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 20 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Faith in action



**1** Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, Only believe. Shall we remain standing just a moment for prayer. Our heavenly Father, we bow our heads and give Thee thanks for all the goodness, mercies that Thou has bestowed upon us, knowing that we are unworthy of anything that you'd do for us. To think that one time we were alienated from You without hope, without mercy, without God, without Christ; in this world living for the enemy of our soul. And one day Jesus found us and saved us and cleansed us from a life of sin and give us the Holy Spirit and set us in the service for God.

**2** Oh, Father, some glorious day He shall come the second time, and we which are alive and remain shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the trumpet of God shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And we which are alive shall be caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air, and forever be with the Lord. What a day! Our hopes is built on nothing less than Jesus' blood and righteousness. We are looking forward to the coming of the great King. Now, we've gathered here in Chicago tonight, Father, in this auditorium, to glorify Him, to lift up our voices and praise Him; to sing songs, teach His Word, and to pray for our sick people who are in the journey. Won't You meet with us, Father, and bless us in these things? We ask humbly for these blessings, in Jesus' name. Amen. You be seated. Good evening to all our family. We are happy to be here tonight to meet you and greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. I didn't think there'd be anybody back tonight after such a warble as I made last evening. When you don't follow the Holy Spirit, you always get in trouble, don't you?

```
1 Corinthians 15:52 In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.

1 Thessalonians 4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:

1 Thessalonians 4:17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.

```
**3** I was standing back behind the curtain listening to that marvelous song, and something said to me, "Now's the time to speak to you on the subject of, Watchman, What Of The Night." Then I got out here and thought about something else, and, well, I kept you too long. So, I'm sorry of it. But tonight, maybe the Lord by His divine grace and foreknowledge will clear the thing up and give us a great pouring out of His blessings tonight.

**4** We're happy for the Lord Jesus. And today I met many of good friends and met some minister brothers that I've never met before in my life. And now tonight, we won't keep you long because we've got several nights yet until next Sunday night, God willing, in the service. And I'm grateful to you people who come out to hear the services and to hear this wonderful singing that we're having, and worship our Lord Jesus in the fellowship around His Word and around His blessings that He bestows upon us.

**5** And it seemingly that... I was talking to some brother today and he said ... or, this morning. He said, "Brother Branham, do you feel like you ought to start some big services here in America?" I said, "No. The first thing, if you start big services, you're going to have to have big things to cope with that service. You're going have to have a radio and television programs and so forth, the way the modern American. I'd rather keep my meetings small so I won't have to have much money to take care of it, and just meet with little groups here and there."

**6** Now, in the event that... For years now, for the past eight or nine years, I've been going around through America and different parts of the world preaching. And the Lord gave a gift that was made manifest. 'Course it was given the very hour I was born in; you know the story of it. And that is just as true... It's been tested in every fiery furnace the devil could throw it in around the world everywhere. And, seemingly in America, it's become a common thing; people go say, "Oh, I've seen that done before. Oh, I know about it." But the big kickback comes is: "Why, Brother Branham don't pray for enough people." That's where it always comes back. "No need of going to his meeting, 'cause, oh, he'll get twenty or thirty a night, something like that; the rest of them will go home without being prayed for."

**7** Well, some fellow wrote me a letter here not long ago, a good critical letter, which... It was good; I appreciate it; 'cause it told me where I stand. He said, "Brother Branham, I've been following your meetings for a long time." He said, "And I think your meetings are wonderful; never seen anything like it in my life." He said, "But you know, you're so lazy," he said, "till God had to raise up Oral Roberts and others to pray for his sick children." He said, "You'll pray for about thirty, and they'll pack you away from the pulpit." And said, "Then you're finished until the next day, and nobody can see you." Said, "People believe what you're talking about; get down there and pray for them." Well, I thought, Well that's pretty good. You know, I guess that's all right; maybe there's a lot a truth to that.

**8** So, a few days ago since we come back from Germany... And now over in the old country and Germany and around the other parts of the world, oh, my, why, first meeting night, you can expect anywhere from thirty, to fifty, a hundred, and two hundred thousand people at one gathering. Thousands are healed at one time. Just as soon as they see something happen, that settles it; they're ready. But in America, we've got too much teaching; we got too much different teaching. One says, you know...

**9** Like the other day there was a great conference went on here. I don't know whether many of you know about it or not, among some church people who had visited all the meetings, of the healing services and so forth. So, they met, had a conference and was going to draw up a conclusion of what they come to, and one of them said, "What do you think about Mr. Allen?" "The biggest radic' I ever seen," said the group. Said, "What do you think about Oral Roberts?" Said, "Mass psychology." Said, "What about William Branham?" Said, "A polished soothsayer." How can you expect to do much around there? See, Jesus Himself couldn't work in an audience like that. When, He ... You've got to believe it, that's all. When He went to His own country, there was many mighty works that He could not do because of their unbelief. Later on in the week, I want to explain that to you. And at Chicago, I want to do something I haven't done for years, if God willing.

**10** The other day... I usually go by when I have a vision, but this time it wasn't a vision; it was just something impressed me. I was sitting in the woods. I'd been out there for eight or ten days, just come in at nighttime about nine o'clock, go back the next morning about four. Just to keep away from the public and to rest and pray. And sitting there, it seemed like something come to me. I said, "Lord, why is it I can't go overseas? I've got to have some kind of a sponsorship; I can't go over there and take up money from them people. So, they're poor. The American public has to sponsor it. And I have to come back and have a year or two's meetings, then go over and spend what I got and then come back and take some more meetings." I said, "I don't know, seemingly then, if you leave America, your services go down. Then it's finished for a while, looks like, and it's so hard to build back again." And something said to me, "But you haven't done what I told you to do." And I said, "Well, what is it?" Now, I was just answering myself back. Now, just let myself relax and let the Spirit do the talking. Now, it wasn't a vision; I don't even say it was a revelation; I don't know; just something looked like telling me. And said, "Well, what's happened," see. I said, "Well, didn't You tell me to go do this?" And I've watched it and checked it. And Mr. Baxter told me one time... Now, when the Angel of the Lord first met me, He said, "Now, you were born to pray for sick people, and you take this gift to the peoples of the world."

**11** You've read this testimony over and over, and if you'll check it... Now, them days, to be honest, I didn't know that the Scripture said "gift" instead of "gifts." But if you'll follow, all I done was wrote down what He said. And many times He tells me things, I just write down what He says, because I don't know what it means; I just write it down, and I find out it comes to pass. And now, I question of my ability. I said, "I'm not no education, no personality; and what could I do? People won't believe me." And He told me these gifts would be a confirmation, like Moses done signs before the people. And I started off. And I'd start my prayer lines and come down the prayer line, praying for the sick people, going along; and great things was happening. Many of you remember my early ministry.

**12** And after a while I'd hit a woman or a man or something that wasn't right; I'd stop them right there. And when I would do it, I'd tell the people what was the matter and what they should do and so forth, pass them on and pray for others. Then the people begin to see that done, oh, they rallied for that. And then we just finally cut the whole thing out, all to perfect discernment all the time. And that's what He didn't want me to do. That's right. I'm just supposed to pray for the sick people (That's right.), just pray for the people. And, after all, you know, if a people, especially here at home, if they have been taught to lay hands on the sick and pray for them, that's what they believe. And you say, "Does that have anything to do with it?" It certainly does.

**13** Why did Jesus stand here one time look out upon the harvest...? How many believes He was the Lord of the harvest? Sure, we all do. And He looked out upon the harvest and He said, "Pray ye, the Lord of the harvest, to send laborers into His harvest." Now, in other words, you ask me to do just what I know that's got to be done, but yet you've got to ask me for it. Said, "You have not because you ask not." Is that right? You ask not because you believe not.

```
Matthew 9:38 Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.

Luke 10:2 Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.

James 4:2 Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.

```
**14** A prophet one time had a stick in his hand ... or, a arrow, and he told the king, "Strike the ground," you know. And he only struck it two or three times. Said, "Why didn't you strike it more?", see. And there's certain things that we have to do. And I believe that if I really could get to more people and pray for them, lay hands on them, and ... especially in America. I've crossed back and forth across this nation time after time after time, and tens of thousands of things has been done. And the miracles and signs and so forth has been committed. But it seemingly, I believe if I would just go to a group like this where everybody knows all about it and just pray for the people, then just check back in a day or two, and watch what happens. There's got to be something... And He said (Listen, check his words.), I was born to pray for sick people. See, that was it: Pray for them. The prayer changes things. Sometimes if they can't comprehend it in their mind, prayer changes things, see. And most everyone in America throughout the whole nation knows all about it and everything.

```
2 Kings 13:18 And he said, Take the arrows. And he took them. And he said unto the king of Israel, Smite upon the ground. And he smote thrice, and stayed.

2 Kings 13:19 And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times; then hadst thou smitten Syria till thou hadst consumed it: whereas now thou shalt smite Syria but thrice.

```
**15** So, some of these nights in Chicago, don't know just when, but I want to start and just pray for a whole group of people. Bring them up, just... If I can come to the platform and never touch the anointing of that type for discernment. After I explain to you how that comes (I've never done it publicly; I will maybe tomorrow night or sometime.), then I want to start and just pray for the sick people and check each one, and let them report in twenty-four hours, what's happened. And I believe you'll see a great results. The Lord grant His blessings.

**16** Now, the other day in Germany... How many here has ever seen the picture of the Angel of the Lord that was taken in Houston? Let's see your hands. It's here in the building, they've got it here, and it was taken in different places. And the other day in Germany it was taken. And now, the state church in Switzerland was against me. They were against Billy Graham, as you've seen the write-up that brother got in the paper. Hmm. And it says... So then, after he left... And the reason they was against him, because he believed in the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. Now, the Swiss church doesn't believe that Jesus was the virgin-born Son of God. That come from the Zwingli. First was Luther and then come Zwingli and Calvin and so forth. And Zwingli was in Switzerland and the state church is built up on his doctrine. They believe that he was... In their own books and everything they declare it, that they believe that he was the son of Joseph, called the Son of God. He was the prophet that Moses spoke of would come, but actually Joseph was his father. That knocks every prop from under Christianity. That takes every divine thing away from it. He was absolutely the virgin-born Son of God, and Joseph had no more to do with it than we had to do with it. That's right. He was the virgin-born Son of God. And I believe that with all my heart, soul, mind and strength.

**17** And then, I jumped right in behind Billy Graham and I started the same thing. Ooh my, they bitterly opposed it. And then when they wrote against me, and then give that write-up against Billy, then the Catholics come around said, "See, they're both no good." Oh, if people could only get their head right or their heart right, one. So, then when they did, it went up in Germany. And when we was to come up to Karlsruhe, Germany, they wrote up there to the state church and told them not to receive me because I was an impostor. So, the church and state's together there: What the church says, the state has to do. So, after we had the big cathedral that would seat thousands of people (had to build it because they wouldn't rent no place to them), then the authorities told them they couldn't have it. Doctor Guggenbuhl, a very smart lawyer, one of our sponsors there, he didn't take "no" for an answer. He went right on down to the Major in the United States Army. He said, "Tell Brother Branham to come on. If the rest of them can come, he can too." So, it give me a chance to come into Germany.

**18** The first night they had to mill around me to keep the Communists from taking a shot at me somewhere. Come very ... getting Billy my boy. But, the Lord was with us; and they just kept walking around so in the dark they couldn't take a shot, you know, 'cause they was firm... And on the second night, God gave sight to a total blind girl, eight years old. Then the state church and their pastors and all got together and wanted to have a meeting with me; they wanted to ask me some questions. We went to a breakfast, and at the breakfast, they took a big German camera and set it up like this. Up in the day; it's plenty of light, they needed no flash or nothing. They were taking the pictures of the breakfast.

**19** And so, when they did, they was... They'd taken several pictures, and they said, "Now, Brother Branham, we believe that God is with you, but them visions, we can't understand it---can't understand it." "Why," I said, "I couldn't explain it, because it's God, and you can't explain God. You've got to believe God. God's not known by scientific. God's known by faith." Well, they couldn't see that at all, you know. And just at the time (the sovereignty of God right when the strain was on)... I said, "Just a moment; here He is now." And I said, "He's coming now." Well, that German camera, they just moved it right on me, and the German thought he'd try a few shots. So, he took the picture; and when it did, the Holy Spirit come down. I said, "The man standing right here to my left; he's a stranger among us all this morning." I said, "He's not a German, neither is he a French." I was at Lucerne at the time. I said, "He's not a French, German or..." I said, "He's an Italian, and he's been the leader of 32,000 Communists." And the boy started crying out. And I said, "Now, he picked up a Bible. His background was Catholic. And he picked up a Bible one day and was reading where Jesus died for his sins. He accepted Christ. Now he's persecuted. He's run a little orphanage up in the mountains. He can't eat his breakfast this morning; that's why he pushed his table ... plate back from his table ... from the table because he has an ulcer in his stomach." The boy raised his hand, said, "Every word of that's the truth." Then he said... I looked at him. He was still... He was gray-headed and eating a good square meal. I said, "But, thus saith the Lord, eat your meal, because Jesus Christ has made you well." He sat right down and started eating.

**20** Well, that German camera was standing there taking those pictures. And after it left... Then they took about a dozen more. They'd taken about a dozen before and a dozen after. And when they developed them, there was the Angel of the Lord right on the picture, coming down. Showed Him coming down, when He had closed around where I was standing. The next thing showed where he was going away, and just see half of it that way, as it's moving away, and I had my hand up and saying, "It's thus saith the Lord: it's finished." Like that. And I have them here tonight so that I can show them to you. I don't know how well you'd be able to see them from the platform here. Sometime we might develop them if we get somebody that'd want them, and we can maybe make negatives from them and put them into print.

**21** But it just goes to show that every time... I've never had a time that the gift of God was ever questioned but what God come right down and done something outstanding. So, criticism is perfectly welcome (Amen.), we love to see it, 'cause we're always waiting to see the glory of our Lord God. Now, I've got them here. You may not be able to see; I don't know how good the... Can you see that from where I'm standing? It's a picture of the breakfast. Now, here's all the ministers; the camera's sitting back here. See where the lights is in the building, up here? and it's eleven o'clock in the day. Doesn't need any ... any light of any type. Now, that's the first picture. And here's where they all stood to their feet, and there's the Angel of the Lord coming down. And here's the man standing, and that's me and my hand pointed towards him, and this is him standing here with the Roman collar on, that's ... explaining to him what it's all about. That's when it's coming, just starting down. See, it's just above. This is me standing right here and it's just above me. Now, here's the next picture, when it done settled down over the head, like that. It's down over then and the vision is going on. And here's the next picture when it's leaving away and just half of me can be seen there, where the Angel of the Lord has still got it masked over, just half of it going away. And here's the next picture afterward. It's perfectly clear and normal. There's nothing there, see, after it'd gone away. Jesus Christ still lives and reigns.

**22** Now, that doesn't mean anything to me. These people in the pit here, I never noticed they didn't get to see it, so I'll kind of show it, if you don't mind, just a moment. There's the one before, see, see. That's the picture that was before anything was taken, and here is the Angel of the Lord coming down, see. And here is the picture after it was already settled on me where I was standing, see. And here's the picture just dwindling away there, you see, and just half of my face is showing where it's going off like that. And if you'll happen to notice, it's going off on the right-hand side; and I always call my sick everywhere, to the right-hand side. The Angel of the Lord always appears to me on the right-hand side, every time. And there, to prove that it's true, there goes the Angel of the Lord off on the right-hand side, just exactly. And here's a picture afterwards, that there was nothing left in the building. And we got, we got around twenty something pictures between these two things, and camera stationary sitting at the same place, and nothing at all showed any other wise. So, it just goes to show that our dear Lord Jesus still lives and reigns, doesn't He? And He's wonderful, exceedingly abundantly, and we love Him with all of our hearts.

**23** Now, the Lord be with you. Now, we're not going to try to keep you but just a few minutes tonight. And preach just a little bit, call the prayer line, and then maybe a little later on, you get all your friends in that wants to be prayed for, and when the masses gets to coming like that, I want to start a prayer line and just come by and take that day to visit and shaking hands with Brother Boze and everything and come to the platform that night and just start praying for the sick, that's right, just come right in and start praying, laying hands on the sick. And I believe if it was ... God would answer my prayer like that, it would revolutionize my ministry before God. And I believe by that inspiration out in the woods the other day, I solemnly believe with all my heart that God wants me to do it. That's the truth.

**24** I want to read a little tonight, just a verse or two, out of God's eternal Word, before we start to pray for the sick. And we'll try to be out in just a little bit, so you can come back tomorrow night. Now in the book of Romans, we read beginning with the nineteenth verse of the 4th chapter of Romans: And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body, now dead, when he was about a hundred years old, neither ... the deadness of Sarah's womb: He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong ... giving glory to God. And being fully persuaded that, what He had promised, he was able to do. And now I want to take the text for a few minutes, of speaking on this: Faith In Action.

```
Romans 4:19 And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:

Romans 4:20 He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

Romans 4:21 And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.

```
**25** Now, faith is not based upon the shifting sands of men's ideas. You just couldn't... If I come here and told you there was an Angel of the Lord that was in the building, and these things happening, if I didn't have something to prove that to you, you'd have a right to doubt it. If I said, God gave a gift to do a certain thing and you seen it come right back around and fail, fail, fail, you'd say, "That's wrong." But when it comes back and God proves it every time to be perfect, then that's right; God has proved it. So, that's the way we have to... Faith has to have a resting place.

**26** Faith... If you were going to get married: Some of you young men, if you were going to get married, the woman that you marry, you'd have to have faith in her, she'd have to have faith in you, 'cause it can't be based upon anything else. You've got to have faith in what we're doing. And the only solid resting place for faith is on God's Word. God's Word is a solid rock. Of any faith that anybody wants to have in the supernatural, it must be placed first in the Word of the living God. How... It's been through the age, how that when men of old, in all ages, when they would really find the Word of God and could grasp it, faith went into action right away.

**27** Look at Noah way back in Genesis. When God spoke to Noah that day, the Word of God came to Noah and told him to build an Ark for the saving of his household, and you know the world stood upright before the antediluvian destruction (It wasn't leaning back like this, to bring water.), and when God told Noah He was going to send a flood, a rain, why, you know he had critics. But faith doesn't look at what circumstances is; faith looks to what God said. Faith don't try to reason; faith just takes it at its face value. Now, there's two different kinds of what we call faith today. And I'm sorry to say this to my audience tonight, but I'm too sure of this ... or, real sure of this, that's there's too much intellectual faith instead of being heart faith.

```
Genesis 6:13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.

Genesis 6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.

Genesis 6:15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.

Genesis 6:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.

Genesis 6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.

```
**28** See, so many revivals are going across the country and people are claiming to be saved, and great evangelists saying they had so many thousands saved and so forth. I believe it's be ... and then you go back and find out those people don't stay. They just ... just an emotion in the meeting, and they're worked away. Many people in the meeting raise up and claim healing and walk away, more by emotion or more by physic than they do by real divine revelation of the Lord Jesus. And the first little pain strikes them, they give up and say, "Well, I didn't get my healing." Now, if you really believe that with your heart, ten thousand pains would never make you give it up. That's right; 'cause your faith is already went to motion. You're in action right then.

**29** Now, when God spoke to Noah and told him the impossible... Now, there was no rain, never had rained, and never was a cloud in the sky or anything else; but Noah knew that it was going to rain, because God said so. Now, he was considered fanatic. He was considered a little crazy, I suppose, in his day, a real fanatic. And most always, when you find people that'll dare to take God at His Word, they're considered neurotics, or fanatics. That's right. The real true believer has never had the world to pat him on the back; it's always against him, because he takes God at His Word. And God has never been a friend to the world ... in the way of the world of being a friend of God, I mean; they're against God, because they can't understand God. And you'll never know God, only by faith.

**30** But Noah, he moved with fear, knowing that there was coming a destruction. And he built an ark, because he had his faith resting upon God's eternal Word. No matter how much the people said it can't be done, no matter how much science combed the globe and said there'll never be clouds up there, there's no rain to come down, if God's Word said it's going rain, it's up to God to make a way for the rain. If God said so, that settles it. That's what we ought a do. That's what this little group in here ought to do tonight: Take God just at what He says. Don't make no difference how it looks; don't reason it. If you've only got intellectual faith, you'll reason God's Word, you'll try to reason it. Say, "Now, let me see: Now, the doctor said I can't get well, and if the doctor said so, that ought to settle it." That's reason. Faith don't reason, faith believes it anyhow.

```
Hebrews 11:7 By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.

```
**31** Look how many's been ... how many, I guess, right in here know that the doctor's has give up. Look at the great clinics, John Hopkins, Mayo Brothers; and through my own humble ministry, I've seen Almighty God turn those people to naught, and heal the sick that they said was impossible for them to get well. And the magazines and so forth packed the articles of it. See, it's the people's faith. Them men... I have nothing against the clinics, now understand, or the doctors; they're all right. But they're men; their knowledge is limited. But God's unlimited. And when God says anything, it's just that way. It just has to be.

**32** And you watch, science will try to prove God to be a liar. Here sometime ago, they said God sure made a mistake when he said that he made the firmament before there was a sun to make the light---that he made a mistake. But you know what? They got climbing around in God's laboratory and found out that God was right. Yeah. They got an x-ray now that'll take your picture without any light. So, the Bible said your body is full of light. And we come to find out the old scientist said that was a crazy; there was no light in your body. But the Bible said your whole body's full of light, and we find out today that your body is made up of light meters. X-ray proved it. It takes your own lights in your body to take the picture on the inside of you. So God's right after all.

```
Matthew 6:22 The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.

Luke 11:34 The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light; but when thine eye is evil, thy body also is full of darkness.

Luke 11:36 If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light.

```
**33** Here some time ago, they said that the Bible was wrong when it said man thinketh with his heart. Said, "There's no mental faculties in the heart to think with. But they come to find out, God was right. Way down in the human heart, there's a little compartment, a little cell, a little place smaller than a cell, that even blood don't even dwell in. It's not in the animal heart; it's only in the human heart. And they say it's the occupation of the soul. So, after all, God lives in the heart, and man thinketh from his heart, not from his mind. He reasons here, but he believes from here.

```
Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

```
**34** So, if you just only got a mental conception of the Bible: If you say, "Well, I believe it because I read it..." God's got to reveal it to you by your heart. No man can call Jesus the Christ, only by the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit deals in the heart. So, if a man really believes it from his heart, he's not afraid to put it to a test. But, if you're just mentally, you'll reason it out; say, "Well, I couldn't do that. They might do it, this one might've done it, she might've got well, but I don't know about myself." But if you've really based your faith on God's eternal Word and it's down in your heart, all devils out of torment can't upset you. No sir. You've got to stay there.

**35** I know what I speak of, because I've seen it and I've put it to the test myself, and I know that it's true. Why would I stand here on the platform at night and challenge an audience of many thousands. Stood in Bombay, India, five hundred thousand people and challenged them---seventeen different religions---to come to the platform and show me one visible sign of a supernatural being. And stood right in the midst of atheists and unbelievers and witch doctors and everything else standing out there by the dozens trying to throw a spell on me, and challenged a blind man. Hallelujah! And God gave his sight right there and turned the whole thing around. Why? God said He'd do it. That's all. Only thing He'd do ... God said so. That's good enough for me. If He told me He'd be with me and help me in these things, He'll do it. Amen. He has done it; eight years ... nine years has passed in the ministry, and He's still doing it. And He will continue to do it, because He's God and He cannot lie. God's Word is right, every time. If you'll only look and see what the Word says!

**36** What if Pharaoh would have looked into the Word of God? He would have changed his attitudes toward Moses and the rest of the Israelites. If he'd have looked in and seen where God promised by His Word, He was going to bring the children out of Egypt, he would have done it: he would have changed his attitude towards the people. But he was all so busy. He went to church, sure, very religious man. And he went to church and he was what you call a mental believer, a physic believer, or whatever you want to call it. He had a knowledge of what he was doing, in the mental way. But to have a real revelation that God was going keep that Word, if he'd have had that, he wouldn't have acted toward Moses the way he did.

**37** But Moses, with his foot on the throne---a son of Pharaoh, was to become the ruler, and he would be the chief captain over the biggest military nation in the world, that had the world at their feet. Egypt was the commercial nation of all the world at that time. And Moses, with his foot on the throne, a young man, forty years old, and he could have went right on into... But he chose rather..., because, why, he looked at the Word of God and he seen God made the promise.

**38** And Moses' faith did not rest upon what he could do with the biggest army in the world. It didn't rest on what he could do sitting on Pharaoh's throne as a pharaoh. His faith rested upon what "thus saith the Lord" said. What did he have to do? If he would have chose to sit on Pharaoh's throne, there would have been little maidens come by and given him wine and everything, and they'd brought him food and everything.

**39** But he looked out into that dessert: would take two million Jews (was not much more than heathens), to take them out there in the dessert where there wasn't even a growing thing. He had to feed them in the journey for forty years. He had deserts and disappointments and everything ahead of him. But God's Word give the promise he'd take them to the Promised Land, and Moses took out after God's Word.

**40** Why? If Moses would've took Pharaoh's throne, he'd have been known as another Pharaoh. He'd be gone and in torment today. But he's immortal among men today, because he chose, rather, and put his faith into action. "How you going to do it, Moses? What can you do? How can you, a one-man, lead two million people to a promised land?" "God said so." And he was vindicated by an angel who come down and talked to him and told him that he was born for this purpose. And Moses knew what he was talking about. So, he didn't stand back and baby around with it. He put his faith into action.

**41** That's what it takes. No matter how much faith you've got, if you won't use it, it's no good to you. That's right. What good is a God of Moses if he ain't the same God today? What good is a historical God? You people who go to church, and your church only teaches some historical fact about the Holy Ghost coming back on the day of Pentecost: "There is no such a thing today. There as healing back there. There's..." What good does that do you? Just no more than reading George Washington once lived. That's right, Abraham Lincoln once lived, according to the history. Abraham Lincoln lived, according to the history. George Washington lived. But they're dead and buried, according to the history. But look, Jesus Christ lives; He died, He rose again, according to the Scriptures---alive forevermore. That's what Washington done. You'll believe Washington and doubt Christ. Hallelujah!

**42** What we need today is some real genuine faith put into action. Yes, sir. We need real faith and men who dare to put God's words to their heart and apply it to themselves. You try to apply it to a generation gone by, but the Bible says, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever." He's forever God. He never fails. He's the same in principle; He's the same in power. He's the same tonight that He was when He walked on the banks of Galilee, and appears nightly on this platform and proves Himself alive from the dead. Amen. You don't have to take any history about it. It's a right-now, present-time fact that we see it. Amen.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**43** A few days ago when a woman rose from a wheelchair, two blind women received their sight. The power of God come down revealing things and secrets of the hearts, calling through the meetings and things like that, which is infallible proof that Jesus raised from the dead. Oh, my! That takes the wishbone out and puts a backbone in your back. When you come to find out that Jesus... Really, we got a fact that He raised from the dead and is here tonight, proving Himself alive. Action! Your faith put in action. What good is it going to do you to read of a historical God if He isn't the same God today? What good is it going to do to read about old George Washington if he's dead and gone? It's just a history fact. But Jesus raised from the dead, and He's the same today.

**44** What good does it do to paint fire to a freezing man? Show him a picture of a nice big warm fire and the man's freezing. That's something that was. That's what people are trying to keep you alive by today. No wonder we got a failure in America of religion. No wonder the magazine says the spiritual on-go was a burst. Is because that they failed to represent the right thing to them. They're trying to teach them of a historical God. But what we need today is a God resurrected from the dead and on hand right now, to do whatever He promised He would do, to confirm His Word. And we need delegates out there in the audience who's willing to rest their soul on any word that God said and put it to action. Amen. That's what we need today. That's what we need, is men and women who stand up to the forefront there and call the devil a liar. And say, "Jesus Christ stripped you and robbed you of every right you had, and I'm in Christ Jesus, and the world belongs to me." Amen. Right.

**45** What good does it do to have a bird to have wings as long as you've got him in a cage? He can't fly; he don't need no wings. If you got him in a cage... Oh, that's the way a lot of these people are. They're in a cage; taught: The days of miracles is past: "Oh, there's a God. Oh, yes, we believe that Jesus was His son. I've accepted Him as personal Savior. But I tell you, all those things is back there in the old days; they're past. The days of miracles is past." What good is your wings going to do you? What good is your faith going to do you, if you can't turn it loose? What good is your faith going to do, if you can't put it in action? Certainly, if I believe Jesus lives today, I will put it in action. Amen.

**46** He lives today. He's the same Jesus; certainly He is. If blind Bartimaeus can trust Him, I can too. If the woman with the blood issue could touch his garment, I can too. For He's open, and willing, and begging and accepting. "Whosoever will, let him come and drink from the waters of life freely." What we need today is a revival of that type. Oh, you might take your bird and feed him very good orthodox food. Oh, yes. You might give him fish bone, birdseed and everything else, but what good is it going to do him? What does fish bone do, what does birdseed do? Develop wings. What good is his wings, if you got him in a cage? That's the way it is today: You might send your seminary boys in there and teach them all kind of theology, and all about this, that or the other; but if you're afraid to turn your faith loose to trust God, what good does it do to teach them? Amen. What we need is a turning loose. Let your faith go in action.

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**47** I like David. He knowed that Samuel the prophet had poured the oil on his head. Come up there to the army that day, and there stood all ... big old Goliath over there, making his boasts, and the armies of God all backed up with their theology---that they were Israelites and circumcised and so forth---but a-scared. Oh, that reminds me of the church today: Scared to make a move. He come out and made a boast, but the wrong man heard it (for 'em). A little old scrawny runty-looking boy about like that, with a little piece of sheepskin wrapped around him, said, "You mean to tell me, you cowards will stand here and let that uncircumcised Philistine defy the armies of the living God?" He was ready to put what he had to action. Hallelujah!

```
1 Samuel 16:13 Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah.

1 Samuel 17:26 And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?

```
**48** That's what we need tonight, is to get somebody who'll take what you got and put it to action. Let your faith go. Why, he said ... told Saul, said, "Your servant was herding his father's sheep, and a lion came up to get a lamb, and I took the slingshot and knocked him down. He rose up against me, I took my knife and killed him." He said, "A bear went after another one, and I took it out of his mouth." He said, "God helped me to do that, and how much more will He ... that uncircumcised Philistine who's defying the armies of the living God." Amen. I like that. Yes, sir.

```
1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

1 Samuel 17:36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.

1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

```
**49** Now, Saul wanted to send him to a seminary, you know: get him fixed up. He went and took his great big armor and put on him; it made him bowlegged. That's what's the matter today: We got so many theologies and different degrees and doctors and everything, until it's... Why, you know, Saul found out that his ecclesiastical vest didn't fit a man of God. He said, "Throw this thing off a me. I ain't got no use for it. It don't fit me."

```
1 Samuel 17:38 And Saul armed David with his armour, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.

```
**50** Now, I don't see where any great big names and so forth fits a real man of God. The Holy Ghost saved me, the Holy Ghost give me this, the Holy Ghost is good enough for me to trust. I know if I can put into action, to His Word, God will bring it to pass. Certainly, if you only knew what you know and put your faith to work, God will do the same thing for you. The God of Moses is not dead; the God of David is not dead. This God is still alive.

```
1 Samuel 17:39 And David girded his sword upon his armour, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.

```
**51** Jesus come; He knew who He was. When He went down there to the grave of Lazarus after the Father had showed Him a vision. Told Him, "Go, leave the house of Lazarus." Was gone for four days. They sent for Him. He didn't go back. He knew what was going to happen after time fulfilled the vision. He said, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; I go wake him." When he gets to the grave, he said, "I thank You, Father, that You've already heard Me." Sure, He was crying when He went to the grave; He was sympathy with the people. But when He got to the grave there, there wasn't a doubt in His mind. Said, "Father, I thank You because You've already heard me." But for these that stand by, I said, 'Lazarus, come forth.'" And a man that had been dead for four days, come out of the grave. Why? He knew where He was standing. He knew that He was the anointed Christ. He knew He had God's Word. He knew that what God showed Him was the truth.

```
John 11:11 These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

John 11:35 Jesus wept.

John 11:41 Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

John 11:42 And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

```
**52** And that same Word... And He promised it to you. "Whatsoever you ask in my name, that I will do." That's right. He defeated the devil on the Word of God. The devil come to Him and said, "Now, you do a miracle before me. I hear you're going to be a miracle worker. You do something before me." That devil still lives. "Turn these stones into bread and eat, and I'll believe you." Jesus said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, But by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

```
**53** There's where his faith was anchored. There's where every man and woman's faith should be anchored tonight is upon the living Word of God. You believe that; you can put it in action. Jesus, when he was here on earth, He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, I can do nothing in myself (I'm the Son; I can do nothing.), but what the Father shows me, that I do. I come to do the will of God." And when he went away, he said this ministry shall not cease now. "For the very things that I do, you'll do also. For I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. And this'll be a sign (Hallelujah!), ' The very things that I do, shall you do, to the end of the world.'"

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**54** "There'll be people that will not see me no more, but ye shall see me. For I will be with you even in you to the end of the time." Jesus Christ is raised from the dead tonight. His supernatural powers is here with us. His great signs and wonders are taking place. Things that's never took place since the apostles' day are taking place tonight. I say it humbly. But here's a direct evidence by scientific: that Jesus Christ raised from the dead.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**55** The same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel through the wilderness, the same Angel of God that come into the place and delivered Peter from the bars, the same Lord Jesus that stood before Paul and sent the shining light that blinded his eyes... And the men around him couldn't see no light at all. But Paul: It put his eyes out. And he was blind and had to be led by the hand to the city, the light was so bright around him. That same light, the Lord Jesus Christ, is here tonight in His resurrected being, and proving Himself by infallible signs and wonders that He's here. Oh, people, put your faith into action. Don't be scared. Why, shame on you. Don't be scared. Stand fast in the liberty where in Christ has made you free. Don't entangle yourself in a birdcage any longer. Come out of it. Break down the walls. Christ pulled down the middle walls of partition---made us free. We're ready to fly away. Amen! I like that.

```
Acts 9:3 And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:

Acts 9:8 And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Ephesians 2:14 For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;

```
**56** I've often said one time, watching an eagle... And after I leave this meeting, comes my vacation; going to the mountains. How I love to get away to myself, way up into the mountains, and watch nature. God is in nature. One day while watching a big eagle there, when I wondered what he was doing, he was looking at me and a little old squirrel was barking at him, I thought, God what do you bring that before me for? And after a while, that big fellow... I grabbed my rifle; I said, "I could shoot you." And he wasn't worried about that. I kept ... noticed him fooling with his feathers in his wings like that. I thought, That's it! He trusts in his wings. God give him two wings and he's a free bird. He can escape the danger anytime he wants to. Hallelujah! That's it. If an eagle can have confidence in the wings that God give him, how much more ought you to have confidence in the Holy Ghost that saved your soul, and baptized you with his spirit.

**57** Then, he didn't push and jump and squabble. He just made one big leap and jumped out, set his wings and flopped a couple times and got above the timberline and just set his wings. What did he do? He put his faith in his wings into action. Here come a big puff of wind. He never flopped in the wind; he just rode the wind and went higher; another wind come, he rose higher. He rose higher, higher, until I couldn't see him no more. I stood there and cried like a baby.

**58** Why? It doesn't mean "run over to this meeting, run over here and join this and join that; and take your letter from the Methodist, the Baptist, the Assemblies, the Oneness, and so forth." That isn't it. It's set your faith to action in God's Word, and ride away on every wind of the Holy Spirit that breathes down upon the mortal human being that's willing to set his faith in God and say God's Word is right. Here's my wings, (Hallelujah!) both New and Old Testament. I believe every word of it exactly. It brought me from a sinner to a Christian. It brought me from a cursing sinner to a preacher. It put me from a blind man to good eyes. It healed me when I was sick. It will carry me from earth to glory some of these days. My faith rests alone in Christ the Lord. Oh, my! Faith in action!

**59** The hero's of the Old Testament had faith; they put it in action. You've got them for an example, now we've got faith, but you won't put it in action. Ride away on the powers of the Holy Spirit. Shall we pray. Heavenly Father, in the name of Thy beloved Son, the Lord Jesus, may the Holy Ghost encamp about every believer in here tonight. And may the Spirit of the living God move into here and carry every one of them away from the sick beds and sick and afflictions into the land of good health. May they walk out of here under the power of the Holy Ghost, knowing Jesus raised from the dead and is alive surely among us tonight. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**60** All right, we have some prayer cards out. I feel real religious right now. I feel good. Action: Let your faith go to work. What did God give it to you for? I believe they said they give a hundred prayer cards last night, and we called, maybe, half of them, or something. Let's begin, about... Let's begin at 51, say. Odd number. Who has prayer card 51? Raise up your hand right quick in here. Look at your prayer card. Just raise you hand if I know who you are. All right, come here, lady. 52, will you bring your...? All right, a colored lady. All right, 53, would you bring your prayer ... raise your hand? "Maybe I can't..." 53, 54, 54, would you raise your hand right away? All right, 55, 55, would you raise your hand right away? All right, 56. Line up over here. 57, 58, 59, 60. Let's see if we can get them up there. 60. See where they're coming. 61, -2, -3. -4, -5, see, if we can get a line.

**61** Don't make any difference who you are, where you ... just so we get lined up here and start praying. Oh, I love Him! When I think of His omnipotent blessings, it raises my faith. Oh, Saviour, raise my faith in Thee till it could move a mountain. Lord, I believe. All my doubts are buried in the fountain. Jesus Christ the resurrected Son of God is here by scientific proof. Over and over again has the Lord proved it. Over and over again does the blind see, the deaf hear. Over, every night, the impossibles. Scientifically impossible for a human being to do what the Holy Spirit does here every night right before your face. Amen. Absolutely impossible, but Jesus Christ the resurrected Son of God does it anyhow. Isn't He wonderful? Let's move our faith.

**62** How many tonight say, "Brother Branham..." Oh, I know there's not half a building full here hardly, but how many would say, "Brother Branham, tonight, I'm setting my sails. I'm placing everything that I've got in my faith in Jesus Christ. I'm setting right up. I'm believing Him." God bless you. Oh, my. Let's stop this wishing and go to really action with God. Let's go in and mean business with Him. How can you doubt any longer? How can you, when the Holy Spirit, with the scientific world, over and over again, proving His presence; showing that He's here? Showing by infallible signs in the scientific world, come right down in the meeting and do the very same things that Jesus of Nazareth did when He was here on earth. Proving by the infallible signs that He's alive today and living among you. Oh, it ought to bring your faith live to a faith to say, "God be praised. I believe You, Lord. I have need for this or that. And, tonight, I stand solemnly on Your Word and walk away from here a well person, or a Christian," or whatever you have need of. Amen.

**63** Oh, my. What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought since Jesus come into my heart. How my eyes was once blind. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Through many dangers, toils, and snares (The devil trying to say, "Oh, this is ... now this is something else.") Through many dangers, toils, and snares, I have already come. It's grace that's brought me safe this far. It's grace that'll take me on. Hallelujah! We've been there ten thousand year, bright shining as the sun, we'll have no less days to sing His praise, than when we first begun.

**64** When that great redeemed host stands around the throne of God, waving the white palms ... or, the palms in their hands, and the white robes washed in the blood of the Lamb; we'll tell the story how we overcome. How did they overcome? By the blood of the Lamb, and their testimony. Hallelujah! What is their testimony? Jesus lives. Oh, let it ring out through the mountains, to the hills. Send the message far and wide: Jesus lives. Not dead, but He's alive. I'm so happy to stand here in one of the major cities of the world, Chicago, Illinois, and claim that Jesus Christ raised from the dead and by His grace can prove it to you. Amen. Then let your sin cease. Take the idols from your hearts and believe on the living God and accept the blessings that He died for and appropriated for you. Put your faith into action.

**65** Here sits a woman on the platform. God of heaven knows this is the first time I ever laid my eyes on her. Now, maybe... I don't know how many hundreds of people was sitting in here. Wouldn't make any difference if the whole world was sitting here. Doesn't matter. The woman's here for something I don't know. "Why, Brother Branham, you mean to say that woman...?" Yes, sir. That's right. "What if she's sick? Can you heal her?" No, sir. There's no one else can do it. If I can make her believe that Jesus did it when He died at Calvary, she's ready to accept it. It's over. Right. That'll be her faith. Jesus said, "As thou hast believed, so be it to you."

```
Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

```
**66** There's the woman. I never seen her. She never seen me. That's right, I guess, lady. We're strangers to each other, are we? We are. Kind of a godly-looking woman and motherly type of woman. And there she is and here I am, years younger than her, probably born many miles apart, and first time meeting in life. What's she here for? You want to take my place? Certainly. Let me tell you, I wouldn't do it either, unless the Holy Spirit had said, "I'll be with you." Amen. Why, the Angel of God said, "I'll be with you." Therefore I'm not scared. Amen. Why? I'm trusting what He said. "Why, would you trust in an angel?" As long as he spoke according to the Word. "Well, how is that according to the Word?" Jesus met a woman like that one day. He'd never seen in His life. He talked to her a few minutes and told her exactly where her trouble was. Is that right? Jesus said, when He was risen, said, "A little while and these things that I do, you shall do also. Even more than this, 'cause I'm going to the Father. A little while and the world will see Me no more, yet you shall see Me. I will be with you, I'll be in you to the end of the world." Jesus made those statements and He's true. I know His Word is true. That's right. And His promise to me is true. And His promise to you is true. Amen.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**67** You talk about a miracle. Said, "The days of miracles is past." What would make that woman ... me know that woman, what any of you out there, what it would be? I couldn't do it. You might say, "Well, she's come up here. What if He didn't tell you?" Well then I wouldn't know. That's right. But if He does tell me, I will know. If that ain't a miracle, I never told it. But there, that's the same kind of things that Bible called a miracle. And it is a miracle. It's in the line of supernatural. If I told you I done it myself, I'd be a liar. But I'm telling you, Jesus Christ raised from the dead. He's here tonight. He's still the Lord Jesus. You believe.

**68** I'm going to ask you to be reverent and be quiet, not stir around. I don't care if you're praising God. 'Course you can't... That's been one thing that's worried me: Why is it people in America: They can see the Lord working and sit dead still, never move and sit like they was a bump on a pickle? I can't understand that; looks to me like... It thrills my soul till I... Oh, it looks to me like I could scream to the top of my voice, "Jesus lives!" Why, I'm a mortal. I'm here in the world. What am I? Where did I come from? Where am I going? And Jesus come and said, "I will be your compass; I will be your guide." He's raised from the dead; don't worry. "When old age draws... Don't worry about that. When sickness strikes, don't worry, I'm here. Be not dismayed, neither be thou afraid, for the Lord Thy God is with thee wheresoever thou goest." Amen.

```
Joshua 1:9 Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

```
**69** All right, sister. Would you come up this way just a moment, if you will. I want to challenge this audience. I've spoke of Jesus. Jesus is the One I love. Jesus is the One I believe. And Jesus is the One who promised these things. And if Jesus promised them, Jesus will do them, won't He? How many out there doesn't have any prayer cards now, and wants to be healed by the Lord, would you raise your hand? Now look here, let me ask you something. I challenge your faith; I challenge you to put your faith to action. Look this way, say, "God I believe the man's told the truth. If You'll turn around and tell me ... let him, like Jesus did, told the woman. I'm going to believe that You healed me, and if you'll let him turn around and let him tell me the same thing, I'll accept it. I'll believe it with all my heart." If He'd tell one out there that, it ought to make every one of you believe it. Sure.

**70** If Jesus... Here, this poor woman standing here, I don't know what she's here for. God knows that, but if Jesus Christ ... if someone ... if something would take place here and tell her what she's here for, well, that would be a miracle, wouldn't it? And now as far as healing her, if she's sick, I don't know. But, it ought to make every one of you believe. Make every one of you know that that same Angel that's on this picture here, it's down there. It's promised in the Bible; it come through the Bible age. It's still living here tonight. The very same angels that they had... An angel is a messenger, and anyone knows that the pillar of fire that led the children of Israel was the Angel of the covenant. Is that right, ministers? Well, who was it? Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today and forever.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**71** It's Jesus Christ. That same light appeared to Peter and delivered him out of the prison. That same light appeared to Paul, smote him blind, took him down. You said, "Did it smite him blind?" Yes, sir. The Bible said it did. And that's the same thing it will do to people. Today, if you won't accept light, the light will put your eyes out, and you'll walk in darkness. You'll either receive it or reject it. Is that right? So, believe with all your heart. Now, I'm waiting for His presence; of course, I am. And I know He's here at the platform, but I'm looking for His anointing. Now, you believe with all your heart. And God be merciful and go get the sick and bring them in.

```
Acts 9:3 And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:

Acts 9:8 And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

```
**72** And now, sister, I want to talk to you just a moment. Just as... We're standing here, different ages. That light's right in your face; I know like that. But you and I, being strangers to each other and not knowing one another, there would have to be some way that I would be told, or know, or something would have to take place if I know what you was here for. Is that right? Yes... [The lady speaks.] No, I don't want you ... no, I say, if I told you... If you told me (see), if you told me, then sure I'd know if you told me. But if you don't tell me, then something has to tell me, doesn't it? Well, then, if the Lord Jesus... Is this one of your first times in the meeting? Oh, it's your first time, I see; all right. Well, then, in the meeting... Back when Jesus was here on the earth, He went around to the people and He'd go through the places and He didn't heal people. He said He didn't ... He said, "I can do nothing in myself, but what I see the Father doing, that I do," see. He said, "It's not me that doeth the works; it's my Father." And in the Bible when He'd stand... In the Bible time, He would look out to His audience and say to the people (this one or certain...), " Your faith has healed you from certain thing."

**73** And one day He was talking to a woman at the well. And you probably heard the story in the Bible. Yes, yes, and then you (The lady speaks.) ... reading the story. Well then, you find out that He sent His disciples away, because Father told Him to go up there. The woman come and was talking ... He got to talking to her. And when He got to talking to her, he said, "Bring me a drink." And she said, "Oh, it's not customary for you Jews to ask Samaritans such." He said, "But if you knew who you were talking to, you would ask me for a drink." And went ahead with the conversation. Finally He found right where her trouble was. And she wasn't living right. So, He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any husband." Said, "That's right. You got five." Now watch what she said. She said, "Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet. Now I know when Messiah cometh, (that Messiah was Jesus)," said, "I know when He comes, He will tell us these things." But she didn't know who He was. He said, "I am He, the Messiah." And she run into the city telling people. Now, Jesus said, "After I'm gone, the world won't believe me anymore, so they won't see it." But said, "Ye, shall see me, for I will resurrect from the dead, come back and live in you, through every age, to the end of the world."

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

John 4:12 Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?

John 4:13 Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:

John 4:14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.

John 4:15 The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**74** Now, if that Bible is true, Jesus is obligated to His Word, isn't He? Now, if Jesus stands here tonight (and you and I are strangers) and tell me something about you that you know that I do not know... And you hear ... probably heard other people say how they were getting well of different diseases and blind, afflicted, you know it's Jesus doing that, because man can't do it. Now if God will help me tonight, I believe that He will, to help you (The anointing doesn't strike me just right; I don't know why.), but if He will, then you will believe and accept that whatever you're here for... I don't know what it is; might be finances, might be domestic, might be sickness; I don't know. But, if He will tell me, then you'll believe the same Jesus that raised from the dead is here tonight talking. Is that right? All right, will you believe it, audience? Every one of you, believe with all your heart.

**75** Now, you see what a place it's in. Now, it's got to be God, or the woman will have to walk off here without anything, see. Now, if she's sick, and I could heal her and wouldn't do it, I'd be a brute. I can't heal the woman, but by a divine gift by Jesus Christ... If He were standing here Himself with this suit on, He couldn't heal her. He'd tell her that He already did it when He died. Did Jesus die to heal her? to save us? Then that's complete, see. We just confess our sins, and then He is just to forgive, because He's already done it. We accept what He done.

**76** Now, the little lady before me... May the Holy Spirit... He's here. And now may His blessings rest upon you each, every one of you. Be real reverent. Now, I just want to talk to the lady a minute. All right, sister. Now, I trust that the Holy Ghost tonight, which is standing near... And right now I want to ask you something. Just the last moment or so, there's been a strange feeling come into you, hasn't there? kind of an odd-like, a sweet, calm feeling like something was fixing to take place. Because that's the Holy Spirit that's standing between us, see, a light. And now, you're here, and I see what's wrong with you. You are suffering from a heart trouble. You have heart trouble. Yes, sir. And then you have a ... you have someone you're concerned about, a loved one; it's a boy. And that boy has a mental condition. That's right, isn't it? Now, I want to tell you where my stumble is to you. I seen here not long ago you in a Catholic church or something or other, saying a prayer, but you've just been recently converted and become a Protestant just recently. Is that right? All right, now, do you believe me as God's prophet? All right, go and receive your healing then in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you.

**77** Have faith in God. Only Believe. Let your faith rise up, and believe with all your heart, and Jesus Christ make you well. Watch the difference in the walking of the lady at this time. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," all of us. Sure, God wants to be worshipped, while He's here. What did that? Right now, I couldn't no more tell you what was said to that woman than nothing. What did it? I never did it. Here's the One that did it, right here, and that's the one that's right here now. God knows that. All right. All right, every one be reverent now. Here's another typical case. A lady, colored woman standing here, me a white man. And that was an Ethiopian, not Ethiopian, I beg ... or, Samaritan woman that met Jesus that discussed about the racial affair. See, they had it in that day, but Jesus let her know that no difference; we're all the same. Jesus died for every one of us.

**78** Now, we're strangers to one another. We are two different races, see. And our forefathers was raised in different countries. It turned some of white and some yellow and some brown and some black. We all come from Adam, that's all. And Jesus Christ died for every one of us to make us all one in Him. You believe that, don't you? You do. And now, you being a colored woman, me a white man, and born maybe miles apart, and never met each other until just now. You have met me before. [Sister talks to Brother Branham.] Did you hear that? Two... Where was that at, sister? [Sister says, "Right here."] Right here, two years ago a cancer was eating her up. And I prayed for her here on the platform and God healed her sound and well of it. Let us say, "Praise the Lord."

**79** Is Jesus alive? Sure He is. Now, probably if she hadn't told me that, I would have known that in a few minutes, when the vision come. See, but if it would strike now, 'course I might say it over; don't know. I'm in another world, and I just have to say what I'm looking at, see; I can't say. I pray that God will give me something different from that so that it might help the faith... She don't need that. You wouldn't have to say nothing. She just wants to be prayed for, or either she's got something on her heart; I don't know. May the Lord reveal it to me now. All right. I know you believe me then, sister. You're bound to believe. The Bible said one time, said, "Jesus was the devil," some of the Pharisees. Another one said, "Can the devil open the eyes of the blind?" No, sir! No, the devil can't heal at all. He has no virtue of healing at all. Only God. "I'm the Lord who heals all your diseases," he said. That's right. Yes.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

John 10:20 And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?

John 10:21 Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?

```
**80** But you're suffering with something else, sister. That's right. I see you... You got heart trouble for one thing. You're suffering with a heart fluttering like around your heart. That is true. And I see something another: You got something like headaches or something; it's sinuses, sinus trouble. Isn't that right? That's the truth isn't it? Now see, Jesus still lives, doesn't He? See. Now, the woman... I don't know how many I can get to in the prayer line, but just watch the Holy Spirit now. If I could talk to her now just a few minutes, maybe He'd say something else. He's told her something. Ever what it was, it was true. It just breaks. I see you somewhere, I forget where it was at now, but I've seen you. Now, you just believe, because you have good faith. You're... No doubt but what you'll get what you asked for. But, I really believe that what you've asked for, you already got it. So, I just want to talk to you a minute so the audience would know, and other colored people in here that know you and so forth, would know.

**81** Now, maybe He would tell you something that's going to happen in a few days, or something like that, or something that happened way yonder, long ago. Just something that you know I don't know nothing about: Just encourage the other people. I hope that He will; I can only ask. And this is a divine gift. Later this week I'll explain the best I can, how it comes. Something strange. I see the woman leading a little boy. It's a little boy about eight years old. And the little boy is ... he's been to a doctor; he's bothered with a constipation, and it causes his little bowels to bleed. And the doctor can't check it. That's true. Now, go put that handkerchief you got in your hand on him, he will get well. Amen. God bless you.

**82** Hallelujah! Praise be to the living God, who knows all things. Knows the secrets of your heart. The Angel that appeared to me, said, "You'll know the very secrets, the things that's in their heart." Isn't that the very same thing Jesus did when He was here on earth? Then why wouldn't He do the same, if He is the same? He's bound to do the same. God only knows.

**83** Now, here stands a lovely little lady before me. I've never seen her in my life. She's a total stranger to me. I don't know her, but God knows her. That is true. And God can help her, and the only way He can do now, He sent His Word. You believe that to be the truth, don't you? In His Word, He said He'd set in the church apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists. You believe that, don't you? The apostle has his part to do. The prophet has his part to do. Gifts of healing, working of miracles. All these things, it all goes in God. And you're very much in need of that tonight, aren't you? Because you're suffering with a lady's trouble, a female condition that's bothering you. It's got you scared and worried. You don't know what it's all about. Say, by the way, you've been in the hospital too. That's right. And you're a real nervous type person. And I see that you got stomach trouble, and every time when you eat, your stomach goes into a spasm. That is right. Now go eat, believe God with all your heart. Come here, sister, that I might ask Him to bless you. Now, our Heavenly Father, be merciful to this young person standing here, who's in need of your blessings, and I bless her with the anointing of the Holy Ghost upon me. I lay hands upon her in Jesus Christ's name and ask that she be made well. Amen. Blessings be on you, sister.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**84** Blessed be the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be Jehovah Jireh, Jehovah-rapha, who raised up His Son Christ Jesus, and set Him on high. Who raised Him from the dead. He lives tonight. As sure as God lives, Christ lives. And His Spirit is here. It's infallible. Put your faith to work tonight. Believe Him with all your heart. Now, that makes me real weak. Just as soon as I go to dropping, I can feel myself moving away, getting dizzy like, because I'm getting weaker all the time---speaking.

**85** If you just pass the people and pray for... Now, here's a vision coming right now. I see that light hanging right over this person standing here. It's a woman sitting out here at the end. She's studying about someone. It's about a sister, and the sister has cancer. If that's right lady, stand up on your feet. Is that...? Raise your hand up like that. That's right. All right. You're worried about your sister with cancer, aren't you? Go give her the good news: Jesus has raised her from the dead. Amen. Believe with all your heart. Amen. Amen.

**86** Have faith in God. Believe Him with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, with all your strength. Have faith in God. If thou canst believe, all things are possible. What did that? Brother Branham had nothing at all to do with it. What did it? The woman's faith in the resurrected Lord Jesus. The Spirit, the supernatural One that's here now, who knows you. Just let your faith fly away with Him tonight. Just get into His arms and move away. Just leave this old quacking world behind. Cross the separation between faith and unbelief and move off in faith. So many million miles beyond this chattering of the world here, saying the days of miracles is past, and... Jesus died and that settled it. He rose again. Amen. Two thousand years has passed and He's here yet tonight in Chicago. And when eons of time, when vaulting time shall be no more, when every star ceases to shine, when the moon melts and flies into space, and the world is no more, Jesus Christ will still be alive. And "Because I live, you can live also." And we will be with Him when there's no more world, and no more moon and no more stars, the Lovely One that's with us tonight. We'll be with Him forevermore, in His presence in the Father's house. Hallelujah!

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**87** Sure, you say I'm excited. I'm not excited; I'm happy. I got something to be happy about. My faith is coming closer in God. I find out God's done so many things for me; vindicated a work around the world, around the world, through every critic. I'm beginning to believe that what I ask, He will do it. Amen. I've got faith in Him, and I want you to have faith in Him, I want you to believe it. Amen. God be praised and blessed forever. Hallelujah!

**88** You believe, sister? Is that the patient? You believe, all right. If you believe, only God can make you well, I can't make you well. If you're sick, I don't know. But now look: If I stood here and talked to you a few minutes, God would let me know what the trouble is. But if I... I believe if I just lay hands on you, you'd believe you got healed anyhow, see. You'd do it wouldn't you? Sure, you would. But, God... Just for the sake of the audience, so you see... I can't on these kind of meetings: I couldn't stop it now and start doing that, because it wouldn't work, see. But the audience might know. Let's talk a moment. Now, we probably this is... Is this our first meeting time in life? First time you've ever met me. You was here yesterday at the meeting. But I've never met you personally to know anything about you. Just heard about me. All right, I just want you to look to me a few minutes and take every thought away from your mind, and just say, "God, I know that this great feeling that I have now doesn't come from that poor little man standing there. It's bound to come from You, because it's working on my soul." And you know that's true, it is? But, it has to come from Him, and He alone. And now, if you will believe with all your heart, and God will reveal something that you know that I don't know nothing about, and if He will reveal it to you right now on the platform, you'll accept what you come for; is that right? Will the audience do the same thing? May He do it now.

**89** This ought to settle it, if God will do it. I don't say He will; He might not. He's never failed me yet, but I believe He will. And if He doesn't, I'll say, "Sister, I don't know." Because I'm just a man; I have no way of knowing. But if He will tell me and anoint me, then I'll know. Now, may He grant it, is my prayer. Now, you're conscious that something is beginning to move on you. That's this very light you see here in the picture. That's right. That's what it is. Now, you are ... you're suffering with something that's on your hand. And you got a crippled hand. And that hand was caused by... You cut it some time ago on something like a glass or something, and something taken place. I see the woman; she's holding it. It was wrapped up with something and it's great streaks. It took blood poisoning in it. And the blood poison got real bad, and it began to move it down, and it spread. And you've been to doctors, and they can't do nothing about it. And you're a woman ... you work, and you work in some sort of a office, kind of a... You're typing and you're doing typewriter work, and that hand... And someone told you a long time ago about my meetings. And they told you about me. You come over to the meeting tonight immediately after work without having your supper. You got a prayer card and you went out and eat your supper and then come back, so that you could come and was called in the line, Thus saith the Lord. Amen. That is true. Do you believe now? Go receive your healing now. God in the name of the Lord Jesus grant it.

**90** Have faith in God; don't doubt. Give Him praise. Jesus raised from the dead and is living in this auditorium in Chicago tonight. He will do anything that you'll ask Him to do, if you'll believe it. But He can't do it until you believe it. Do you believe? Blessed be the name of the Lord. I love Him with all my heart. Isn't He wonderful? Oh, how I love Him. Doesn't something just make you feel real kind of good down in the inside of your heart, when you know you don't have to guess anymore. All the guessing is gone. The Bible is true. Jesus raised from the dead; He's here now. That's Him right now. That's not me. Why, I can't do that. I don't know those things, and don't heal people. It's Jesus, the Son of God. Have faith in Him.

**91** What do you think, Mother, sitting there looking at me? You're suffering with a head trouble, aren't you? You believe Jesus would make you well? Little elderly lady sitting right here. Yes, that's right. You were sitting there praying, wasn't you, Mother? You're having trouble with your head. That's right. Now, you believe He's going to make you well? You do? Will you do me a favor? Now, being that Jesus has been so good to you, lay your hand over on that man there. He's suffering with heart trouble. He ... he's been... Why, he's had heart trouble a long time. That's right. Amen. Now, sir, you were sitting there saying, "Well, Lord, why don't you pass ... don't pass me while You're talking to her." Is that right? Raise your hand. That's right. Now, He isn't going to pass you; He's going to heal you if you'll just believe it. Will you believe it? Amen. May the Lord Jesus make you well. Hallelujah! Have faith in God. There He is just moving through the audience. Oh, my! I wish I could... Oh, how He loves to be worshipped! He loves you. Praise be His name. You ought to believe right now, every one of you. Have faith and believe.

**92** Here's a man standing before me. How do you do, sir? Are we strange to each other, sir? We don't know each other? Oh, you've been in the meeting just... I don't know you, though to know... No. But there's somebody here who does know you; isn't that right? And He knows all about you and He can heal you, can't He, and make you well? Sure, He can. He's lovely, and that's what makes Him so good, is because He's God, and He loves everybody. Now, if Jesus will tell me what you're here for, will you believe me to be His prophet? And then, if He will tell me, then, I will come... That's anointing of something on me, isn't it? Then if I lay hands on you according to the Bible, then you believe you'd get well? Now, you're suffering with your feet, aren't you, sir? And it's your legs also. Isn't that right? Now, if I'd lay hands on you, you think they'd get well? Here's another thing. You have been all bothered about somebody, and that's a nephew, a man, and he's not here. He's in a big city, great big city that sets near a border; it's Detroit, Michigan. And right at this very night, he's in the hospital. He's under oxygen tent, and he's got heart trouble. Send that handkerchief you got in your hand to him for his healing, and you go in God's strength. Believe now with all your heart. May the Lord Jesus make you well.

**93** Hallelujah! You believe you were healed, sitting there in the chair? I believe it with all my heart. Oh, isn't He wonderful? Be reverent. Now, don't get up and leave. Is it time? All right, we'll close then. All right. May the Lord bless you each one. When you stir, see I can't ... it won't... God is reverend, He can't ... He just can't move when people are irreverent; we can't do it. I've held you too long perhaps. Have faith, now. See, I've told you, sit still. You see, if you move around, it throws it off to me. See, it's souls; I can't explain it; you're spirit, and when you move that interrupts the Holy Spirit. You say, "What about that in the Bible?" Why, sure. Jesus put the people out of the house to raise a dead girl. He took a man and led him outside the city, away from the people, to get him alone.

**94** What do you think about that little lady, sitting there on the end? You were right then praying, "God, let this be my night." Is that right? If that's what you was asking God, stand up on your feet. Now, you know what? That stomach trouble you had is healed. Now you can go eat what you want to. God bless you. Amen. What do you think about that, Dad, sitting right behind her; see it moved right back to you, sitting there. You got rheumatism. You believe Jesus is going to make you well? All right, stand up on your feet, stomp your feet up and down, and go home, saying, "Thanks be to God." He healed you. Hallelujah!

**95** Lady, sitting there with your hands folded, saying, "Lord let this be my night." If you believe, you won't have heart trouble any more. Do you believe? Hallelujah! Then go and receive. Praise be to God. Have faith in God. Heart trouble is nothing for God to heal, is it sister? He can just make it well. He can do anything He wants to, can't He? You believe He will do it? Little lady, sitting right back here on the end of that row, first row over here, sitting with gall bladder trouble, sitting there praying. You believe God's going to make you well? On the little short row, over there on the end. You believe Jesus Christ is going to make you well? If you can believe it, you can have what you ask for. God bless you, sister. You receive your healing. Amen.

**96** Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Do you believe it with one accord? Put your hands on one another and let's pray the prayer of faith right now, and everybody be healed at once. Almighty God, in the name of Jesus thy Son, let this be the hour that when the people will set their faith in God, and the great Holy Ghost will heal every one that's in here. Grant it, Lord. May their faith reach out now, take a hold of God, and be healed every one. Let the Holy Ghost fall right here in this building and make them every one well. I rebuke the devil; I condemn him in Jesus Christ's name. I cast him out of every person in here. Amen.
