---
Date: 1955-11-19
Title: Redeemer, Redemption
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Tent Meeting in San Fernando, California, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours
Author: William Branham
---

# Redeemer, Redemption



**1** [Bro. Ekberg sings: I want Him to bless me, To own and confess me, Completely possess me. I do. Don't you?] That's what I want. That's what I want Him to do for me. And I'm sure that's what we all want. Very lovely sing, Brother Ekberg. The Lord bless you. Brother Weirmo, I'm sure the radio audience appreciated you singing this morning. It's certainly a marvelous time down at the breakfast this morning, the Full Gospel Businessmen's, where we had the wonderful time of fellowship with His people, these singers singing. And now, I hope they get to go over to Phoenix with us, also. Hope, you pray over that. Would you like to? That's very fine. Well, I guess, Brother Arganbright, we might as well just take them overseas with us. They can sing in Swedish, and many... That'd be just fine.

**2** Well, we're very thankful to be here tonight, under the tent again, to give thanks and praise to the Lord Jesus, our blessed Saviour, for all His goodness and mercy to us. Today's kind of been a weakening day for me. Very seldom it happens, but this morning in the meeting in the Christian Businessmen, the Lord drove into us to giving visions in the meeting this morning, the Christian Businessmen, down at the meeting. And sometimes when it's all day like that, it's kind of hard to get away from. And at nighttime you're weak again. Now, tomorrow is our finishing of this campaign this time. And we're going to have it in the afternoon, our closing service, so that everyone can come. No matter in your churches, we try to have our services so it won't interfere if we possibly can, with the other churches. And so we want every person to stand at their post of duty.

**3** Now, if there's any strangers here, there's many people, and many fine churches around through this valley here. And I'm sure they'd be glad to have you in the morning at their church. And I don't know them. I have never no more than just shaken their hands here on the platform. Life to me... I love people. People think I'm an isolationist, but I'm not. I love people, but you just can't be a servant of men and God the same time. I've just got to stay away to myself, and pray, and be ready for the service of the Lord at night, so I can try to help my fellowman. Now, there's... I think there's some Foursquare, Assembly, and all kinds of churches through here. If you're around here, go here. If you're down in Glendale... I don't know any of the churches there, but we've been meeting with the Businessmen's Fellowship there, and I met some fine brethren. This morning I met a fine Lutheran brother; I forget what his name was at this time. He spoke for us a while this morning, a very fine man. He assured all the people that this big Lutheran church down there had plush seats if anybody'd like to sleep, come on down---that is, that slept during time of church. He had quite a sense of humor, a very fine brother.

**4** And I was certainly enjoying that fellowship this morning, seemingly, at the Full Gospel Businessmen. On down in Los Angeles, there's many fine churches: Brother Jaggers, many of you know him, Brother O. L. Jaggers, the World Church. He has a fine Sunday school. Then there is the McPherson Temple, the Angelus Temple, I believe it's called, from Sister McPherson's Temple. I never got to meet Sister McPherson in this life. I expect to in the life that is to come, a wonderful woman. The first time when I come to Los Angeles, I went up to Forest Lawn, bowed my head by the side of her grave, and gave thanks to God for her gallant life while she was here on earth---for our Sister McPherson. There's Brother Kopp. Many of you know him. And I think that Billy Opey's holding a revival now, I believe I heard on the radio program, at the Angelus Temple. I've never met Billy, as I know of, personally. I might have, if someone... If he has, I'm sorry; I just don't recall just meeting him. I might've done it in a ministerial meeting sometime, and just don't recall it at the time.

**5** But, I have met Dr. Keeford, and Rolf McPherson, and those fine men there, Dr. Cummings, and some fine men. And I met Mr. Kopp; Leroy's the boy's name. I forget. He used to own the place where Brother Jaggers is now, the World Church. That's where my old brother that's just went upstairs, Congressman Upshaw, Willy Upshaw, was healed at the church (which is now the World Church) when Brother Kopp was there, after being an invalid on crutches, and wheelchairs, and cots for sixty-six years, I believe it was. And his widow, a very fine Christian woman... How many ever knowed Brother Upshaw? Let's see your hands. Well, bless your heart. A wonderful character, he's gone on. And I'd say the same thing if he was sitting before me, or if he was somewhere in Los Angeles tonight: He was really a fine brother. And the Lord blessed him and used him in a great way with his testimony of healing, being a man of his caliber. That night at the Temple there, when the Holy Ghost gave a vision of him walking after being an invalid sixty-six years.

**6** His widow is writing a book ... or, I believe it's brother Willy's healing, and they're featuring the story there I think, and my name's to appear in the book. I'm to see her I think if... She's to see Brother Arganbright tonight, and I'd like to see her a little bit before leaving Los Angeles tomorrow. And so, Brother Kopp has been a good friend of mine. There's many, many fine churches. Wished I had time... And I don't know all of them to call them. But find you a good church tomorrow, and go to church.

**7** And tomorrow afternoon at two-thirty... Is that right, brother? Two-thirty, the services will start here at the tabernacle, which, really, a tent is the original tabernacle. Did you know that? The tabernacle in the wilderness was made out of ... was a tent, skins put together. And be out tomorrow afternoon, and we'll close early enough; you can go to your own church of choice tomorrow night, again, serving the Lord. We trust that God will give you all great meetings. And now, tomorrow afternoon, if the Lord willing, I want to try to pray for as many sick people as I possibly can. We got a lot of cards out. We want to pray for as many as possibly can, and be speaking early. So, I want to be here to begin the service myself at least by a quarter till three, or three o'clock, just as quick as we can. So try to be in at two-thirty to hear the final singing of Brother Ekberg and Brother Weirmo, who's been a blessing. How many has enjoyed these brothers singing? Let's see your hands. Oh, thank you.

**8** I've often thought that... You know God healed Brother Ekberg. He had a... You all know about it, I suppose. The doctors give him just a little bit to live: sarcomas cancer. And God Almighty, one night in the Chicago meeting, when I was just under the anointing of the Holy Spirit, felt led, and walked over there and laid hands on him when he was in a serious condition. Brother Weirmo has had a nervous breakdown, and been very sick. God's healed him. And I looked at him this morning when he was singing those songs, I tell you, there's something on the inside of me just begin to quiver, to think of what God done for him. And now... And they'll be here tomorrow afternoon to be in the service and sing for us.

**9** Now, here's letters that's going to the sick and the afflicted. And may the Lord add His blessings as we pray for them. Now, each one, they'll come get them... I believe there's another one right there, brother. We want you to do this now: After the altar call tonight is over... I think that's right, isn't it, brother? After the altar call, when you want them to come get their... After the altar call? [Brother says, "Yes."] After the altar call, come, get your handkerchief. And if you happen to miss, and need one, just write me one. Now, it'll come... There'll be a ... there'll be made up an appointment... Something? You want to announce something? [Brother says, "No. See, they're asking about your books again."] Books: Many has asked, and someone that wrote me a letter the other day and said, "Brother Branham, send me one of your books." And I got a couple.

**10** Now, the reason that we didn't bring them: First thing, I didn't have room. And these books... How many's ever read them? Let's see your hands. Well, that's fine. You know, I didn't... I wrote a little one, one time, and it was called "Jesus The Same Yesterday, Today, And Forever." And I wrote another one called "The Heavenly Vision." Oh, they're little bitty things, so, about sixty, seventy pages in them, I think, and sold for about fifteen cents or something. And it had to be rewritten a dozen times for the grammar's sake of it. My wife got it... No, it wasn't her grammar; it was mine, see. It was a... Both of us together, honey, couldn't have good grammar, could we?

**11** So say, someone wrote me a little note last night and said, "Brother Branham, have your wife to come up on the platform, and the baby." You don't want her to faint, do you? She's as bashful as I am, so... [Congregation applauds.] And so... Ha-ha-ha. I tell you what: If I can talk to her real lovely after the service tonight, we'll have her come up here tomorrow afternoon. Would you like that? [Congregation applauds.] She's so... Thank you. If there's any credit to be given to the Branham family, give it to her. She's deserving. Mother of these three little children, now, stayed home... Do you know what? We have been together perhaps this time just about as long as we ever have been since we've been married. That's right. We're never together. Never hardly see each other. And I'm gone all the time. And when I'm home, it's worse than it is anywhere else: The people just coming and going all the time. And I've seen the time when, my, when it was just... See, it isn't just one little group of people; it's all around the world. And people are coming in from India, from Africa, from everywhere, coming into Jeffersonville.

**12** Now, concerning the book, Mr. Stadsklev (He's a Chaplain in the army.) wrote the one called "A Prophet Visits Africa." And Reverend Gordon Lindsay wrote the other one, which is called "A Man Sent From God." They're neither one... The men wrote them; and they way I get them: I just buy them (You see?), at, I believe it's forty cents less on the book. And then I pay them for the book, and I have to sell one for a dollar and a half; that's what they sell it for, and the other one's for two dollars. And that's what the price is on them. Then I give them forty cents less for the book. Then I have to take it, and handle it, and ship it, and send it. Oh, my! The meeting has to hold it up. And then, I told every time that people are selling them, if there is any time an old dad or a mother comes by, reaching down in one of them little pocketbooks to get some money, and hasn't got enough money to pay for it, give it to them anyhow. That's right. 'Cause it's not to make money out of. And if you can't even... I've lost, if it would be counted, hundreds of dollars on the books.

**13** And right now, I don't mean to say this, see. I just can't get any right now. I'll get some pretty soon, and I'll have them. I haven't got any at this time. That's the reason we haven't got any with us. But I will get some again pretty soon, as soon as I can afford to do it. Now, but... And if you want them, you just write to me at Jeffersonville, Indiana, and mention you want the book, and which one: "Man Sent From God," Brother Lindsay wrote that. "A Prophet Visits Africa," Julius Stadsklev, he's from... He's with Billy Graham and them there in, I believe it's Wheaten? Is that... No, is that where it is? Wheaten, I believe it is, is where he was from. And he's a Chaplain in the Army. He's way in Greenland there, or somewhere in the Eskimo lands, now. I got a card from him the other day, and he was standing in snow, said it was, I forget how far below zero, and summertime didn't mean anything there. So, they're up there ... Iceland, that's where it's at, way up in Iceland. And so, I'll have them pretty soon, and you just write to me and I'll be glad to send them right to you.

**14** And then for a handkerchief, if you want one, a little ribbon, I'll be glad to send that to you. No charges at all. And just... And now when you get it, it'll have a form letter telling you what to do, and how to use it. But now, that form is certainly mimeographed. That's true. But every one of those little handkerchiefs, little clothes, I prayed over. Now, the Bible said, "Do unto others, as you'd have others do unto you." And if I had confidence in you, and believed that God heard your prayer, I wouldn't want some secretary to pray over a ribbon that was sent to my child if it was sick. I'd want you to pray over it. And that's the way I do it. And I pray over each one, and send thousands a week all over the world. And now, we'd be glad to send it to you. No charges at all. Just send and ask for it; it's yours.

**15** Now, shall we pray for these that's here, right now. Now, Heavenly Father, we come to Thee as humbly as we know how, first to give thanks for all Your goodness and mercy. And, O God, I'm so glad that You've made a way of escape for us; out of every corner Thou has made a way of escape. And now, laying before me is handkerchiefs that's going to sick and afflicted people. They're here, where night after night has the Holy Spirit been here, ministering right at this platform, moving around, and revealing to the people what to do, and He loves them. And in commemoration of this, they're laying these handkerchiefs up here to be prayed over. Many of them, Father, are going to little sick children, and all around. And some of them are going to helpless people. But, Father, we pray Thou, who is comfort to the helpless, we pray that You'll heal every one of them. Get glory out of it, as I, in commemoration of Your Word, believing, and laying my hands, as it was, over them, just in a token, to let You know, Lord, that with the depths of my heart, and the sincerity of my heart I ask with all that was within me, heal every one, Lord.

**16** I ask this for God's glory. And Thou has said, "The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." And we know that we're not righteous, but the righteousness of the Lord Jesus... We come in His righteousness, confessing that we have none. But in His righteousness, with prayer we ask that it'll avail for these sick people. And, Lord, speak to us tonight through the Word. Then come down among us in great signs and wonders perform here tonight, and heal. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

```
**17** Thank you, brother. Don't forget now. Tell your pastors that we sure appreciate all that they've done for us, and tomorrow we want... If you can, you won't have no church, just dismiss, and come on over, and let's have a lot of fellowship. You like fellowship? How many ever heard of Brother Bosworth? Old Brother Doctor Bosworth... I said, "Brother Bosworth, I love fellowship." He said, "Brother Branham, you know what fellowship is?" And I said, "Well, I think so, Brother Bos..." He said, "It's two fellows in one ship." And that's what it is. And we're kind of close together: Two fellows in one ship.

**18** Now, tonight, for a few moments, quickly as we can to the written Word. I just love the Word of God, don't you? And we've just had such a wonderful time this week fellowshipping around the Word. And I've noticed tonight, we got a couple stretchers and a wheelchair again. God has been wonderful, healing all... I never heard any report of two little boys that I seen here one night, just one night only. I just don't know. I wish someone would check up and find out if they got healed. They were in the meeting... 'Course when the other part for the visions come, I don't understand from then on, unless I get it off the tapes over here. But then... Or, my son or wife or someone tells me what happened. And I'm wondering about those two little boys.

**19** Now, I understand that several of the cots and stretchers that were healed and taken out, and there was a... I got a radio call today ... or, telephone call from a lady that has been paralyzed for a long time. I might not have got it just right. It's something another. She was here; I offered prayer for her, and she was here, something another, had been paralyzed for years, and years, and years. But she can walk now, and she said that she'd been to a doctor, and her doctor said she would walk disfigured, like not a human, like the dog or something. She said, "I'm coming back again to walk out like a human being." Just real... Walk good, she kind of stumbles, but isn't that wonderful? After being paralyzed for (I believe) twenty-five years or something. And so, we're happy that she's that far advanced. May the Lord bless her. Then an old lady sat here for a long time, may be present right tonight. Night before last had been arthritis case. Wonder if the woman's here, would raise up her hand somewhere if she's in the meeting tonight. Been sitting here in the wheel... Right... One of the wheelchairs, that we knew of, to be healed. All right. Said something just come over her. She got up, and took her wheelchair, and pushed it on out, and went home. And so, we're just happy for that, aren't we? Somebody's mother, just think of it, how God in His goodness helps them people.

**20** Now, around the Word, I just love it, and the fellowship we have around this Word, as interdenominational people, while we're under this tent, anyhow. We are interdenominational, and we want you to be the same under here. To be able to just... When you go out, also, just love all Christians; and love all sinners, to make them Christian. And now, over in the book of Job... We've been so long in Genesis, I thought it would be a change tonight to get over in Job just for a few moments, the 19th chapter, and beginning with the 25th and reading the 27th verse inclusive, for a Scripture reading. Very beautiful, very appropriate, and I love to read of Job. Now, heavenly Father, come to us, get the Word, and may the Holy Spirit deliver it to every heart tonight, just as we have need of. Get glory unto Thyself, for we ask it in Jesus' Name, the only One who can interpret the Word. Amen. Job 19, and 25 and 26, 27: For I know ... [I like that to begin with, don't you? Not, "I guess so, I hope so," but "I know," the surety.] my Redeemer liveth, and at the last days He will stand upon the earth: And though after the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God: Whom I shall see for myself ... mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me. Now, for a text I want to take: "Redeemer, Redemption." And may the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word.

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

Job 19:27 Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.

```
**21** Job was the oldest book in the Bible. Job was written before Genesis was written. Before Moses'd written Genesis, they claim they had the book of Job, a great prince. And through there, we're taught of trials. And practically... The other day sitting up ... or, not the other day, the last time I was here up at Mount Wilson, and hearing that astronomer giving the ... about the different stars, and calling them, and Job named them here in the Bible a long time ago. You know, man never did know there was paths in the air till just recently. And Job knew it way back, long time ago. You know, science just found out less than twenty years ago that you had skin on your teeth. But Job knowed that six thousand years ago. Sure. He certainly did. Many things. Very beautiful book, and a good book on redemption...

**22** I like the word, "redemption." Redeemed, means "to be brought back"---redeemed. As I said this morning at the Christian Businessmen's talking on reconciliation, I said, "Redemption means that the devil puts you in the pawn shop, and Jesus come, taken you out." That's right. I love nature, and I seen one time a little story of a man that had caught a crow in a trap, and he tied him up to scare the rest of the crows away. He was jumping up and down. Well, the poor old crow, he stood there and jumped up and down. And the farmer didn't feed him or anything; he got so poor, he just couldn't hardly stand up any longer. So, there was a good man came by one day, and seen the old crow looking so poor and thin. He just untied him. And all the crows would fly over hollering, "Come on, Johnny Crow. Winter's coming; let's go south. Get out of this cold weather coming." But you know what? The old crow had been tied up so long, till he still thought he was tied. He didn't know that somebody had redeemed him.

**23** And that's the way a lot of people are tonight, friends. You just been in sin so long, serving the enemy, till you think you're still tied when really you're loose. Let's go to Calvary tonight, get out of the things of the world. Oh, He's wonderful. Know that we are free: He who the Son has made free, is free indeed. And you was freed at Calvary when Jesus paid the all sufficient price to God the Father when He suffered in flesh and died, and paid the price of your redemption, that you could be redeemed back to God. Many of you know the story of redemption in the Bible, many of you scholars here, students, ministers, teachers. And many times little housewives, that's not teachers, really read the Bible, how that God's plan of redemption... I used to tell, when I was at my Tabernacle, the story speaking on redemption, about a ... on the law of redemption. That gets out of Exodus, of course, and Leviticus, to the Levitical laws. So, I used to say, "If an old mother horse gave birth to the little mule, and when the little fellow was born, and his ears was broke down... Now, that's a bad mule to begin with. He was crossed-eyed, knock-kneed; his tail stuck right straight up. What a horrible looking mule. If the mother could look around to the little fellow, and he could see himself, he'd say, 'Oh, oh, they'll never feed me, for as soon as the master comes out and finds me, they'll probably just kill me, 'cause I'm not worth feeding.'"

```
John 8:36 If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.

```
**24** Well, that's just about the way we sinners are. Did you know that? Just not worth very much to God's kingdom. But, you know, if that old mother understood and could speak back to her little colt, she could say, "But wait a minute, son. You were born under a birthright. You are my first. You were born under a birthright. And just because that you're born that way, you know, the priest will never see you." The only thing that will happen, they'll... The man of the house will have to go out into the flock, and get a lamb that's perfect and without a blemish on it, and take it over. And the priest will never look at the mule; he'll examine the lamb. Because the mule is born under the birthright, so the lamb, without a blemish, has to die for the mule that's so disfigured. And the lamb dies. A perfect lamb dies so the disfigured mule can live. What a beautiful picture of redemption! Oh, my! The perfect Lamb of God died that we poor, alienated, disfigured human beings could live again. What a picture of redemption! Why, that little mule could just kick his little old heels up in the air, and jump around, have a big time. Why? Because he's redeemed.

**25** That's the way a person that's been redeemed, and understands it, you get emotionally. You can't help it when you're... The story was told that he could live because the perfect lamb died in his place, the little fellow could rejoice. That's the way I felt the day that the story come to my heart, knowing that I was a sinner. I couldn't even find a church that made an altar call. I went from one to the other. No one made an altar call; no one invited. They were all talking about flowers, and the new bridge that went across the river; and I wasn't interested in that. You read that in newspaper. I wanted to hear the Bible, the Word. You know how I first got saved? I might stop here to tell you. The first thing, I got me a pencil and paper, and went out, and was going to write a letter to Jesus. I'd been a woodsman all my life, game warden for years, lived in the woods, trapped and hunted all my life. And I knowed that He was the God of the forest, 'cause I could see Him out there, His nature, the way He made it. I was going to write me a letter and tack it up on a tree in the woods, that when He come by, He could read it. I didn't know how to get saved. So we're very poor, and dad had been out in the country (It was during the time of depression.), and had a little sack full of potatoes that somebody'd give him, poured them out in a box in the pantry, and laid the sack down. I went and got the sack, and went out to a little old shed---water, wet---knelt down there; I said, "Now, what am I going to do? I never said a prayer in my life, never heard one, as far as I know. So, how am I going to talk to Him?"

**26** I said, "Well, I heard people say that they talked to Him, and they tell me He was a man, so if He was a man, He ought to understand as a man." So, I said, "Mister Jesus, I wish You'd come here just a minute; I want to talk to You, tell You how bad I've been." That's sounds kind of funny, but I was picking on my fingernail. I said, "Mister Jesus, I've been an awful bad person. I want to talk to You. Now, if You'll listen to me, will You answer me, and say, 'I hear you'?" I listened; nobody answered me. I thought, My. I said, "Maybe I didn't say it right. I'll try it again." I said, "Mister Jesus, would You come here just a moment, kind Sir?" I said, "I've done some horrible things, and I want to talk it over with You. I promise You, if You'd let me live, I would ... I'd serve You; and I want to kind of talk things over with You." I listened; I said, "Would You answer me, Sir. So, I don't want to be talking to the wind." I said, "I want You to answer me." And I said, "Will You do it?" And I listened; nobody talked to me. Well, I said, "I'm just... I've heard other people say, 'God talked to me.'" But my poor kiddish heart, I didn't understand. I said, "Well, I'm so mean, He won't even talk to me. I haven't even got a chance now." And I started bawling like a baby. Then He talked to me. Amen. See, you have to get right, first. The redemption...

**27** Oh. When I rose up from there, I walked in on clouds, I felt like. I didn't know how to shout. So, you know how I relieved myself like that? There's a big levee run behind the place; we lived in a little old poor shanty-like there. And mama... I got real nervous, and I was looking at the Bible, and she said, "What's the mat..." I picked up my songbook, and she said, "What's the matter with you?" I said, "I don't know, mama." And I got outside and got up on the railroad track, and run down the railroad track, jumping way up in the air, real high. I didn't know what to do. I just felt real good, and so, that's the only thing I knowed to do. Do you believe in getting that way? Sure, I love it. That's what's the matter today. We got away from that heartfelt religion.

**28** An old fellow down south once, he said to the old slave, he said, "Mose, what do you mean by heartfelt religion?" He said, "Well, boss, it's good." He said, "There is no such a thing as heartfelt religion." Mose said, "Boss, there's just one thing you made a mistake in." Said, "You ought to have said, 'There's no such a thing as heartfelt religion, as far as you know.'" But he knowed different. That's right. Felt... I don't mean you have to feel it to receive it, now. But after you got it, you feel it. Amen.

**29** Little old fellow, one time, built a barn---a farmer. Oh, my! A beautiful barn! But, he was the laziest farmer in the country. He had tractors and things, and he let his farm grow up in weeds. And there was another farmer over from him, didn't have very much of a barn; but he was an industrious farmer, so he raised a lot of alfalfa, put a big hay loft up full. That year, there was a little calf born in each barn, the new barn, the big church where they have the... Excuse me, I oughtn't have said that, see. But anyhow, I like little old missions and things, where you really get down and shake hands, and, you know, and feel good. Big church is all right, if they got God in there. But if we get our... You know, today, that's the trouble of it. We've got... We're putting all the answers on a big church, instead of on Christ. That's what's the trouble.

**30** And you know, this great big, fine barn, there was a little calf born over there, but the poor little fellow didn't have nothing to eat but weeds. All they could feed him was weeds. But over in the other barn, wasn't so good; it had a few cracks in it, and kind of old and shabby looking, but the little calf over there had good hay all winter long. When springtime come, they turned them both out in the corral. And when they got into the corral, the little fat calf, he's just as fat and round, vitamin fed, you know. He was really feeling good. So, he just begin to buck, and cut up, and jump around, have a great big time, that spring wind blowing, you know, like a rushing, mighty wind. You know what I'm talking about. And coming down, he was just having a good time, all vitamin filled up. You know, that's the way a good church is, when it's all fed up with the Word, and when the Holy Ghost really goes to falling. You know, they go jumping around a little.

**31** And the first thing you know, the little calf over on the other side, so weak the little fellow couldn't hardly stagger out. The wind about blowed him down. But he peeped through the crack of the fence, and looked over there at that other calf was and he said, "Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, such fanaticism." He's just sour; that was all. That's what's the matter with a lot of people, even right here in California (Amen. That's right.): undernourished, lacking of vitamins. Read the Word! "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word." Don't build yourself upon emotions, upon excitement, upon big churches. Build upon the solid rock Christ Jesus, and His Word. "Heavens and earth will pass away, but My Word shall never pass away." He came to redeem.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**32** Job here, in speaking of Him as a Redeemer, how everything had gone wrong for him, seemingly... You know, God hasn't promised a flowerbed of ease; but He's promised a lot of mountains, but He's promised grace to go over every one of them. I like Job speaking. Watch. After Job went through his trials and testings, as they come upon every child of God---first has to be tried, tested. In other words, they have to be trained like child training, take some whippings, straighten up. You know how to act then, how to conduct yourself as a Christian. God gives you a little bit of whipping once in awhile, turns you around a few times; you know what it's all about, lays you on your back, so you can look up. Sure.

**33** Then we find out, after all these trials and testings... One little part we want to get to. Do you like to read between the lines? Why, the best part of the Bible is wrote between the lines. Sure it is. As I told you the other night, the Bible is hid from every seminary. You don't know God by a seminary experience; you know Him by a born-again experience. That's right, see. Seminaries... Nothing against them, now, not at all, but that's not that's not it. You put all the emphasis on that, see. "How well is he educated? How many degrees has he got?" See, it isn't that. It's how much bags is in the knees of his trousers from prayer, is what I like to know about. That's the best thing. Yes.

**34** Then when he was in that condition, Job looked up to God, and knew He stood firm upon the burnt offering. He knowed that he had a Redeemer that would come someday, and he said, "I will see Him at the end time." I want you, just a little between the lines now, to read. As He said, "I've hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and will reveal it to babes." You don't have to be wise. "He that humbles himself shall be exalted; he that exalts himself shall be made abased," see; be brought down. So, just see how little and how simple you can live before God if you want to get anything. Sure.

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

Job 19:27 Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.

Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Matthew 23:12 And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

Luke 14:11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

Luke 18:14 I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

```
**35** Then when God, writing His letter, then He's got it hid, as I told you, like a letter from my wife. She writes me a letter, but I read between the lines, because I love her; and I can just about know what she's talking about. No matter what she says on the paper, I know what she means (see), because I love her. And that's the way you do when you love the Lord Jesus and you pick up the Bible. It's a different book then. After you're borned again, God gets a hold of you and begins to reveal Himself to you through the Word.

**36** And then Job... Notice. He said, "I know my Redeemer liveth." Watch his prophecy. First his comforters come and accused him being a secret sinner because he was sick. But God sent Elihu down, a representative of God, meaning "Christ." El for "the," and so forth. The name breaking down was a... And when he come, he told Job... Never accused him of being a sinner, but he told him that there was coming a just One who could stand in the breach and put His hand on a sinful man and a holy God, and bridge the way. Then the Spirit struck the prophet. When he got into the will of God, got back into the channel, the Spirit struck him, and he stood up, and said, "I know my Redeemer liveth. [Gap in the audio.] The last days, He will stand on the earth."

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

```
**37** Notice, when Job died... Here's just a little drop, then we'll go right on with redemption. Notice, when Job died ... before he died, specifying in the place that he was buried... That had something to do with it. And along came Abraham. And when Sarah died, his sweetheart and wife, when she died, it was strange, but Abraham goes up into the land to where Job was buried, and buried Sarah in the same land where Job was buried. Now watch. They were prophets. Now, it wasn't written in the Scripture now. And notice, when Abraham died, he slept with Sarah---the same place. Abraham begot Isaac, and when Isaac died, he was buried with Abraham. And when Isaac begot Jacob, and Jacob died down in Egypt. But before he died, he made his prophet son, Joseph, come down and put his hand on his hip where the Angel had touched him and changed his walk, and swore by God that he'd not bury him down in Egypt. Wonder, why? Wonder, why?

```
Genesis 47:29 And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:

Genesis 47:30 But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.

Genesis 47:31 And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head.

Genesis 49:31 There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.

```
**38** Now, it wasn't written, but they were spiritual men. They read between the lines. And he said, "Take me back up into Canaan. Bury me up there with my father Abraham, with Isaac." Watch Joseph. When he died, he said, "Don't you bury my bones down here. But someday God's going to visit you, so you take my bones before you and bury them with my father," the same place where Job was buried, same place where Sarah and Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and Rebekah, and Leah, and all was buried up in the promised land. I wonder, why? God... Here it is, God hadn't promised the resurrection down there in Egypt, but they knew that the resurrection was going to be in the promised land. And on the day when Jesus finally come, the Redeemer, they did to Him like they said they would. He died, buried, and on the third day, he rose. And those that were buried up there with Him, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and the saints, come out of the grave. They knowed the resurrection was going to take place in Palestine. Because it was spiritually revealed to them! That's the reason, tonight, I say you have all your world you want, all your fancy, fandangos, all your educations, and things you want to, but bury me in Jesus Christ: For those that are in Christ, God will bring with Him in the first resurrection. Just let the Holy Spirit reveal that to you. Redeemed by His blood, those that are in Christ, will God bring with Him at His coming. What difference does it make what the world wants to call you? Fanatic, or whatever it may be. Just stay in Christ.

```
Genesis 47:29 And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:

Genesis 47:30 But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.

Genesis 49:31 There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.

Genesis 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

```
**39** Redemption! Beautiful story of redemption... I believe for the next few moments, let's view something. A beautiful little story comes into my mind: A book that's short in the Bible, and gives out the very lines of redemption, and that's the book of Ruth. Many people just pass over that book. But it's the most beautiful story of the Lord Jesus, almost, of the Old Testament. During the time of the judges, when... The first thing, there come a time when Israel got away from God. And when they did, the water supply was withheld. And when people get away from God today, the water supply is withheld. All other blessings will be withheld.

**40** Notice, there was a man named Elimelech, and his wife Naomi, and they had two sons. And they left the land to sojourn over in Moab, because they heard there was bread in Moab. While they were over there, the two sons grew up and married two girls: One of them named Orpah, and one of them named Ruth. And the two beautiful pictures of the churches. And Naomi, a perfect picture of the orthodox church... Naomi, a picture of the orthodox church; Orpah, a picture of the lukewarm, Gentile church; and Ruth, a picture of a bride... Such a beautiful lay, as God has laid all of His Word by inspiration. Do you believe it? Notice, then sickness... Elimelech died; the two boys died; and the women was left alone. Ruth took her two daughter-in-laws, and kissed them, and said, "Now, go back to your mother's house and find comfort, for I hear that over in the homeland, there's rain, and they've got food."

```
Ruth 1:1 Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.

Ruth 1:2 And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there.

Ruth 1:3 And Elimelech Naomi's husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.

Ruth 1:4 And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.

Ruth 1:5 And Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.

Ruth 1:6 Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread.

Ruth 1:7 Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah.

Ruth 1:8 And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me.

Ruth 1:9 The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.

```
**41** Now, listen close and be in prayer---and we'll hurry now to get to the prayer line---for the next few moments. Now, she said, "The homelands has got food. And something... I must go back home." And she kissed her daughter-in-laws, and told them, "Goodbye." And so, Orpah, a type of the church, normally, the church formal, was willing to kiss her mother-in-law goodbye, craving the things of the world, and that old former life, turned back to her idols, because her mother-in-law discouraged her a little by saying---both of them---saying, "Now, I'm too old to have children, and if I would be married again and have children, would you wait for them? No. Go back to your mothers, and find comfort." Well, that's the way with the lukewarm church member; just the first little thing comes along, they're discouraged, and willing to turn back. Oh, what a pity!

```
Ruth 1:6 Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread.

Ruth 1:9 The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.

Ruth 1:10 And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people.

Ruth 1:11 And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?

Ruth 1:12 Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear sons;

Ruth 1:13 Would ye tarry for them till they were grown? would ye stay for them from having husbands? nay, my daughters; for it grieveth me much for your sakes that the hand of the LORD is gone out against me.

Ruth 1:14 And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her.

```
**42** But Ruth, not so, a type of the bride! When her mother-in-law said, "Now, Ruth, you return back." She said, "As the Lord liveth, I'll not leave you. I will go with you. Your people will be my people. Your God shall be my God. And where you die, I'll die. Where you're buried, I'll be buried." Making her choice. That's where every man has to come to in life, sometime, is make a decision. You have to make a choice. You had to make a choice whether you was going to have an education or not. You had to make a choice who was going to be your wife. You had to... There has to be decisions and choices made in life. And this may be the night that you'll have your final call to make your choice, whom you're going to serve. Maybe your final time laying here, dad, on the stretcher, you, mother, over there, young lady. It may be your final time to make your choice. But Ruth, beautiful! I wish we had time to dig into those old nuggets and bring them out, but we haven't. We'll just have to hit the highlights.

```
Ruth 1:15 And she said, Behold, thy sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law.

Ruth 1:16 And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:

Ruth 1:17 Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee and me.

```
**43** Notice, Ruth was willing to forsake her idols, forsake her past life, forsake her people, forsake everything, and return with Naomi. No matter what the circumstances was, she was willing to go on. That's the way every man that comes to Christ must first be willing, regardless. I don't like to tell the people, "Oh, you're going to prosper and be a rich man now, and God's going to bless you. You ain't going to have no sickness." I don't promise them that, because God doesn't promise them that. I say: If you're really born again in your heart, I don't care how rough the road gets, you'll still hold onto God's unchanging hand. No matter what lays before me, if Jesus goes with me, I'll go. Hallelujah! As long as He goes, that's all that's necessary. And she returned. And, oh, the picture now: Ruth (the Gentile church) just coming in; and Naomi (the Jewish church) coming back... And notice, when they turned and went ... got back to the homeland, they came in just in barley season. Now, anyone knows what barley season was: It was Pentecost, the firstfruits. How the Gentile church was brought in under the wings of Almighty God at Pentecost, the Gentile church, the bride. And when she returned, it was barley season.

```
Ruth 1:16 And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:

Ruth 1:17 Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee and me.

Ruth 1:22 So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.

```
**44** And now, they had a kinsman there by the name of Boaz. And he was a rich man. And Naomi sent Ruth out into the fields to glean in Boaz's field, which was the custom in that day, and still today, right in that same field; made glean behind the reapers. So, what was she gleaning for? She was gleaning for food. And that's what the Gentile church did: come in behind the orthodox church, picking up all they had, which was the Old Testament, gleaning what God give to the prophets. The Gentile church, the young church, the Holy Spirit church of the firstborn, gleaning. And when Boaz came out to see her, to see how everything was going on, a righteous man, a type of Christ. Boaz was a type of Christ. When he come out to look upon his harvest field, he was the lord of the harvest. Christ is the Lord of the harvest. And he came out to look upon the field, and notice: As soon as his eyes fell upon the beautiful Ruth, it was love at the first sight. Said, "Who is this young maid out here who's gleaning in my field?" Some of them said, "She's a virtuous woman. She come back with Naomi, some of your kinfolks, and she's out here gleaning."

```
Ruth 2:1 And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech; and his name was Boaz.

Ruth 2:2 And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.

Ruth 2:5 Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?

Ruth 2:6 And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:

```
**45** He went over to her, and he said, "Now look, don't you leave this field." I love that. Wish we had time to park there for a few minutes. "Don't you leave this field." That's the way it is: Stay put! Hallelujah! Oh, I know you think I'm just a little wild, but I... Look, stay where you are. Every man that's born of the Spirit of God when he's set in Christ, his eyes is on Calvary, right in the middle of the road. If he's just a little bit emotional, the first thing you know, he'll work out over here to a side; and the first thing, he'll become a fanatic, if he don't watch. And if he's just a little starchy, educated, he'll work over on this side and be so cold, and stiff, and starchy, take all the Spirit out of him. If the devil can't keep you from seeing a truth, he'll push you off at the deep end with it. Now, I think that's exactly what happened to the Pentecostal church. Now, that's right, exact: went off at the deep end. Stay put. You might not love me after this, but at the judgment bar, you will.

```
Ruth 2:8 Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:

```
**46** Look! Oh, don't run away; stay in Christ. Don't go after gifts and everything; stay with the Giver. God will take care of the gifts. Stay there. Yes, stay in the field. Said, "Pick up a few of these gleaning behind." And said, "Don't you leave this field. Stay right here." Now, you can draw in conclusions what I was fixing to say there. "And so, stay here, now, until night, till the sun's gone." And when Christ baptizes you with the Holy Spirit, stay put right in Christ. That first love is in your heart. Never let it get cold. Just keep loving Him. Move on. Notice! Then he said, "Now, I've commanded that these young men don't bother you." Oh, what a spiritual background that's got. You know, some of these snicklefritzes, little old half-brothered churches, you know: "Hey, you holy-roller..." "I've commanded them to leave you alone." Amen. It's my heritage. He had in his mind what he was going to do. Said, "I've commanded them to leave you alone. But you follow fast behind the reapers." And said, "When it comes midday, and you get tired, come over and sit down under the tree, and take the morsel of bread, and dip it right in with the rest of them." I like that; that's fellowship, you see. Get right around under the shade tree. Don't you love to get under there? Just dip right in with the rest of them. Amen.

```
Ruth 2:8 Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:

Ruth 2:9 Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee? and when thou art athirst, go unto the vessels, and drink of that which the young men have drawn.

Ruth 2:14 And Boaz said unto her, At mealtime come thou hither, and eat of the bread, and dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left.

```
**47** Then he said to the reapers, he said, "Do you see that young lady that's right behind you?" "Yes." Said, "Let the gleaning be heavy." And said, "Every once in a while, drop a handful on purpose." I love those handfuls, don't you? Amen. Gleaning behind the reapers... "Drop a handful on purpose," that she could get it." Oh, how Ruth felt when she grabbed a whole handful. The reaper turned around, said, "It's all right. It's all right." Oh, when God gives us an old-fashioned pouring out of the Holy Spirit, a handful... "Do it on purpose." And notice! Then when after the day was over, she beat out all of her wheat, and put it in her little apron, and took it to her mother-in-law; and her mother-in-law advised her. If you want to find out advice of how to do, Paul said, after giving, in the Hebrews 10, the great chapter of faith; he said, "Now, seeing that we're compassed about with such a great cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every sin and run the race, with patience that's set before us ... lay aside every weight, and the sin, rather, that so easily besets us, and run with patience."

```
Ruth 2:15 And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not:

Ruth 2:16 And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not.

Ruth 2:17 So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley.

Ruth 2:18 And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.

```
**48** Now, it's advising us to read the Old Testament. It advises us back there: When men done wrong, God may've punished them for it; when men done right, God blessed them for it. So, Ruth was being advised by Naomi, the old church, what she must do. So, when it come time for the great feast, right after harvest... And that's what's on now: the great feast. And watch what Ruth did. She goes down, and fixes herself all up, and makes herself look pretty and clean, and when Boaz laid on the floor at night, young woman, beautiful, morally righteous, she had to put her confidence in Boaz, without knowing him. No matter what anybody had to say, she trusted him as a righteous man. She had to. And everyone that comes to Christ must do likewise. You've got to lay yourself at disposal of Christ. No matter what mother says, what dad says, what anybody else says, lay yourself at His feet. Ruth showed her confidence by laying her head upon his feet while he was sleeping.

```
Ruth 3:3 Wash thy self therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking.

Ruth 3:4 And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do.

```
**49** Notice! Then, I remember the time when I got saved. I remember the time when the Angel of the Lord came and told me, go pray for sick people. And a great friend of mine in the denomination I belonged to said, "Billy, you're going to be a holy-roller as sure as the world." My mother said, "Why, Billy, you've lost your mind." My poor old dad that died on my arm said, "Billy, you can't bring that stuff around this house here." They thought I was crazy. The people... I was a single man. My girlfriends that I'd been going with, thought I was crazy. But I knowed something happened. I knowed that I could trust Him. No matter what taken place, I believed Him. And you have to believe Him. Sometimes it calls a total separation from friends and associates. But separate yourself from the things of the world and walk with Christ.

**50** Ruth wasn't ashamed. She could trust him. I'm not ashamed. Someone said, "Billy, aren't you afraid some night that somebody will come up there, and you'll make a mistake on the discernment?" Never. No, sir. Never afraid. "And aren't you afraid to make statements like that up on the platform, when you're afraid something will take place?" No. He promised it. "Why, you know, you'll ruin your whole ministry." It's not my ministry to begin with; it's His. It's up to Him to take care of it. It's not me. I can't take care of it; it's He that takes care of it. I purposed a long time ago, if the job that was... And all things work together for the good to them that love Him. I know I could love Him; that's one thing I could do. I committed all things to Him. And if the job's too big for Him, what's the use of me trying? Sure. He's the one. He's the One who sent it; it's His Word. I don't want to preach my word; I want to preach His Word. I don't want to say something about myself; I want to say something about Him. So, therefore, it's His Word, His power. That's the reason I don't believe that one man can heal another. No such stuff in the Scripture. But I believe that Jesus Christ the Son of God's healed every sick person that ever was sick, if they could only accept it; and saved every sinner, if they'd only accepted it. But it's your personal faith in Him, that you accept and confess.

**51** She laid at Boaz's feet; and when he woke and seen the confidence... My, one of these days, He will see the confidence that His church has got in Him. When He seen the confidence, He taken His own robe, Holy Spirit, spread it over her. It was getting cool, and he spread his robe over her, and sent her on her road. And so did the people on the day of Pentecost, the new church, when they went out there, wasn't ashamed, and stood under there waiting for ten days, according to His Word. Christ spread His Robe, the Holy Ghost, over the church, to protect her and warm her, to keep your heart right, warmed up in fellowship until the full time of redemption. He said, "Now, there's one thing has to happen yet. Before you fall heir to everything, the whole harvest and all," he said, "I have to do the work of a kinsman, before I can call you mine." And so, the work of the kinsman... Most every scholar knows what it was to do. The first thing, it had to be a relative, had to be kinfolks, had to be a close relation.

```
Ruth 3:7 And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down.

Ruth 3:13 Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman's part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee, then will I do the part of a kinsman to thee, as the LORD liveth: lie down until the morning.

```
**52** Now, how is God, from Eden, when His people was lost... Through the law of redemption... Look at the beautiful picture. If we just had time to go through it. I'm pressed terribly. So, bear with me. But look! In order for God to redeem His human race, God had to come down and be made a human too. Christ Jesus was God manifested in the flesh. You see what I mean? God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself. God was made kinfolks to the human race, because He was made flesh and dwelt among us.

```
John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**53** Then he had to be worthy. And he was worthy. He was the lord of the harvest. And another thing, he had to be, he had to be the right kind of a man. And Jesus was. And then what he had to do after that, was call the elders of the city on the outside of the gate, and then he had to lift up an ensign: plucking off his shoe and declaring it before all the elders of the city, that he had redeemed Naomi. And in order to redeem ... or, get Ruth, he had to redeem Naomi, and all that she had in order to get Ruth. That's the reason Jesus came to the Jews alone. He had to redeem the Jew in order to get the Gentile bride. You see what I mean? He had to redeem her, and there had to be a public testimony made, and the requirement was death. So, God came down and lived in His own Son, tabernacled here on earth, and was led outside the gates of Jerusalem, the principle city of the world at that day, religiously speaking, and there was lifted up between heavens and earth, before Caiaphas, the high priest, and all the elders, to show that He had redeemed the church with His own blood.

```
Ruth 4:1 Then went Boaz up to the gate, and sat him down there: and, behold, the kinsman of whom Boaz spake came by; unto whom he said, Ho, such a one! turn aside, sit down here. And he turned aside, and sat down.

Ruth 4:2 And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down.

Ruth 4:7 Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbour: and this was a testimony in Israel.

Ruth 4:8 Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe.

```
**54** What did He redeem? He redeemed your soul from hell. He redeemed and brought back everything that Adam lost, when he put you in the pawnshop. Jesus Christ, on Calvary was your Kinsman Redeemer that redeemed you from every curse of the devil. He redeems your soul. He redeems your sick body. He redeems your weary, dreary spirit. He brought you happiness. He brought you joy. He brought you... That's what the redemption brought you: brought you peace, long-suffering, goodness, gentleness, meekness, power, the Holy Spirit; brought you divine healing. All these things Jesus Christ brought to you, because He was our Kinsman Redeemer. He came to the earth. He suffered as a man. He was tempted in all manners like we are, yet, without sin. He become a perfect Kinsman Redeemer. He suffered in His body, bore our infirmities in His body to take it away, and came down to become kinfolks. What is it? God condescending, coming down.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**55** In the beginning when God spoke to men... In the wilderness journey, He was a pillar of fire. When He settled on the mountain, even if a beast touched the mountain, it must be killed. Then God, the same God, revealed Himself in the form of His Son, Christ Jesus. And then Christ Jesus, when He died and made the atonement, after becoming kinfolks to us, has gone away, and returned again in Spirit form, and is in us tonight, working the same power, the same blessings, the same things that He did here on earth, promised it to us. And I'm so thankful to know that He's here tonight to confirm every word of it to be so: perfect Kinsman Redeemer.

```
Exodus 19:12 And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:

Exodus 19:13 There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount.

```
**56** How could you turn such a One away? What if tonight was the last time that you'd have a chance to accept Him? And I trust by God's Word, that you'll see what God had to do to redeem you. And then, who are we that would go around and act indifferent towards Him? What will we receive at the end of the road? What would it... What good would it do you if you gained the whole world and then would lose your soul? Do you know this may be your last night on earth? And you're standing, people, without anything to stand on, any excuse. Here's the Word first. Here's evidence, witnesses, people that's been saved. You that's laying here sick and afflicted, don't be scared. Jesus is here to heal you. You got to make... He's your Redeemer. He redeems you from sickness. It's yours, if you can believe it. And then after that, He sent His Word. He sent ministers. And He sent His Spirit, performing and doing the same things that He did when He was here on earth to prove that He's raised from the dead and is the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Matthew 16:26 For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

Mark 8:36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?

Luke 9:25 For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**57** Aaron took the blood of a substitutionary death and went into the holiest of holies with it. But Jesus took His own blood and entered the Holiest of Holies to redeem you, and to tear down the middle wall of partition, that you yourself might come into the Shekinah Glory with Him and live under the blessings of God: Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb. Someday when life is over, friend, I've often wondered what will take place, when all the redeemed of all ages stand around when we crown Him the King of kings, and the Lord of lords. When angels will stand with bowed heads, not knowing what we're talking about. They don't know what it is to sin. They never fell. They don't know what it is to be lost. They never was lost. But we who has been lost, and been found, and redeemed, and claimed back, and brought out of the devil's pawnshop by the glory of the Lord Jesus Christ in His sacrificial death, I'm telling you: You talk about screamings, and hollerings, and going on, it'll be that day when the redeemed... Amazing Grace! how sweet the sound, That saved a wretch like me! I once was lost, but now I'm found, I was blind, but now I see. Ever since by faith I saw the stream Thy flowing wounds supplied, Redeeming love has been my theme, And shall be till I die.

**58** Are you saved tonight, brother? Have you been borned again? Do you really know what it means to accept the blood? In the Old Testament when they killed a lamb, the man went forth after he'd sinned... I'm going to close right now. The man, when they killed the lamb... He done something wrong, he took a lamb. He laid his hands upon the lamb and confessed his sins. The priest cut the lamb's throat, caught it in a charger like that, and the man, feeling the jerking, quivering flesh of that little lamb dying, to redeem him again... He'd done wrong, and he realizes that that lamb is dying in his stead, quivering, jerking, until the last life's out of it. The blood, then, was put upon the fire and burned. The man went right straight back out with the same desire in his heart to do the thing he did when he come in. For the blood of bulls and goats could not take away sin. Under that plan of redemption, it was only a shadow. But today, when the worshipper, once purged, has no more conscience of sin... Once place your hands, by faith, on the head of the Lord Jesus, feeling the pains of His suffering yonder at Calvary in your stead... Remember, it was your sins that done it. To redeem you, He did it. God Himself become flesh, so that He could pull the stinger out of death for you.

**59** And there, when He died, and you feel the pains of Calvary, and what He did... Brother, the reason that man went out with the same thought that he had coming in, the same desire to sin, here's why it was: The life is in the blood. Is that right? And the life of an animal, when the spirit went out of the life, it could not come back and mingle with the human spirit, because it was the life of an animal. Therefore, the desire became the same. He went back out; the animal life went away, the blood cell was broke up. But when a man lays his hands upon the blood of Jesus, the head of Jesus, confessing his sin, when that blood cell was broke, it was the Holy Spirit of Christ Jesus comes back upon the man and takes all sin and desire away from his heart, and he's perfectly redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ; and all the sin question is settled. Friend, if you say you have been God's child, have accepted Christ, and never had an experience, still have the desire of the world in your heart, and just have to battle it daily, let me tell you, there is a Kinsman Redeemer standing with His arms open tonight to receive you, that'll take the world out of you.

**60** Let us pray. Our heavenly Father, seeing the time going along, had to cut short of the blessings that seemed to be in my heart to bring forth, but yet, it's cold in the tent; many sick people are waiting. But, Father, there may be some sicker than these physical sick. There may be some sin-sick, never as yet... Maybe they belong to church. Maybe they put their name on the book (the same church that their dear old mother died in that same church), but never has yet been borned again, never accepted the real precious Holy Spirit in their heart, to know what it means to love your enemy, and do good to those that do evil to you, and have the same kind of an attitude that our Lord and Saviour, Jesus, had. This might be the night, Father, and the last time that You'll knock at the pawnshop door. You're offering Yourself tonight, to whosoever will let him come. And I pray, Father, as we have our heads bowed all over the building, that You'll speak to hearts, just now, that's away from God. Say, "Child, you're the one I'm talking to. It's you, child of mine. I'm wanting you to come home. I've made every preparation. I'm expecting you to come tonight." And You said, "He that comes, I will in no wise cast out. No man can come except My Father draws him." And may You knock at every heart just now.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**61** And while we have our heads bowed, Christians all praying, is there a person in here, solemnly, would raise your hand to the Lord Jesus, and say, "Jesus, I appreciate You dying for me, and I now accept You as my Kinsman Redeemer. [Gap in the audio.] You become me, that I might become You. And now, I'm giving over my sinful life. From this night on I'm going to accept You as my personal Saviour, right now. My faith looks straight to Thee." Will you raise your hand and say, "By this..." God bless you, brother. God bless you. Another, would raise your hand, say, "By this I lift my hand and say, 'Lord Jesus...'" God bless you, sister. "By this..." God bless you, sister. Someone else? Raise your hand, say, "By this I now come to Jesus." God bless you, brother, back there. See your hand. God bless you, my sister. Gallant thing, God sees your hands. God bless you over there. Man and woman, God bless you. If you're husband and wife, may home start different. God bless you, young lady. I see you back here, sister. God bless you, my brother. God bless you, brother, and you. That's right. God bless you, back there.

**62** Someone else raise your hand to the Lord Jesus saying, "Jesus, this is me. You're knocking at my heart, and I know I've worried, and toiled, and tossed around, and I'm sick and tired of that. I'm coming tonight. I'm going to settle it right here under this tent. I don't know... Tomorrow may too late, so tonight, while it's time, while many others are coming, I want You to include my name up there on the book of life. I'm going to raise my hand to You, that You'll see my hand, and accept me." God bless some of you middle-aged, and young, and old people. A very sweet little girl, may be the child of the parent that just now accepted Christ, raised up high so I could see her, and raised her little hand. You say that was wrong? Oh, no. No, her little heart hasn't been callused. She's a baby. Jesus said, "Suffer little children to come to Me. Forbid them not." Will you raise your hand, just now? Anywhere, while the Christians are praying, someone else, just before we close, somebody that has not raised your hand to Christ. God bless you. I see you, lady. God bless you, here in the front. I see you, my brother. God be with you. If I fail to see your hand, God does. Some dozen or two has raised their hand now. We're going... God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. That's right.

```
Matthew 19:14 But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.

Mark 10:14 But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

Luke 18:16 But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

```
**63** Play, my brother, "My Faith Looks Up To Thee," will you? Will you give us a cord of that? You know the song, do you? "My Faith Looks Up To Thee." Yes, someone right here, the Spanish lady. God bless you, my sister. Jesus knows you. God bless you, the little Spanish girl. Lord be with you, honey. May He just ever bless you. That's good. Just holding a moment longer. I know we're late, but tomorrow's Sunday morning. You don't have to get up too early. God be merciful. I see you back there, honey. Little children coming to Christ. Some of these are just little girls and boys, eight, ten, twelve years old. Their little young hearts... Jesus loves you, honey. You know, we're getting too thick here in the world today. Where I'm staying, I can just hear the ambulance hour after hour, pouring down the highway, running back to the hospital, right close; the hospital's right by me. And I look and see people coming, and hear them get out screaming, their loved ones, some of them drunk, getting out of cars. Getting too fast now. Remember, as the study of nature, the thing is balanced. It won't be long till there'll be a sweep of sickness, or a cobalt bomb, or something. It'll be awful thinned out around here. That's the way God does it. I believe Jesus will come. Be ready, now.

**64** Remember! Just think: Five thousand years from tonight, every person sitting here will be somewhere. And this might be the time when you'll determine your eternal destination. Think of it. Let's just, while we have out heads bowed, think. Five thousand years from tonight, I believe the world will be hanging out yonder, a big sand ball. The winds are screaming across the earth, the hot, scorching sands. It'll be blowed right into the sun, so says the Scripture. The atoms will break, and the heavens will burn with fervent heat. The first time in Noah's time, they throwed it away from the sun, caused the water. This time they'll throw it into the sun, same thing, atomic power, throw it into the sun, out of its orbit. And there'll be your tombstone laying out yonder, but what about your soul? Where will it be? This may be the time. Once more, any person that has never raised their hand... God bless you, sister. Just felt that there was somebody else. God bless you, young lady, back there. Bless you, honey, the little girl. Little girl, God bless you. Someone else? Good. That's right. God bless you, sister. All right. We're going to prayer. Just as I am, Father, without one plea, But that Thy blood was shed for me, And that Thou bidd'st me come to Thee, O Lamb of God, I come! I come in as a priest, standing between the living and dead. And I offer to You, Lord, these trophies of this meeting tonight, these ones who has come and heard the Word; flat, hard, stern preaching, but the truth. And they've accepted You upon the basis of Your shed blood, upon the reconciliation work of the Holy Spirit bringing them through the blood to their Saviour, the Lord Jesus, who's come and knocked at their hearts tonight. For Thou has said here on earth, "No man can come except My Father draws him." And You said, "All that come, I will give him everlasting life." And I'm quoting Your words to You, Lord, my loving Saviour. You said, "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has everlasting life (right now), shall not come into judgment, but's done passed from death to life." It's a past tense for all these people then tonight, according to Thy Word. If that's coming from their heart, they are saved. "Shall never come into judgment, but has passed from death to life." Father, guide them through life. Send them to some good church to be ministered to by Christian baptism; and then fill them with the Holy Ghost and set them into Thy service. I commend them to Thee, Father, in the name of Jesus, Thy Son, for their safe journey, good health, and strength, as they go along, and eternal life in the world to come. Amen.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**65** Oh, I just love Him. Don't you? Now, we're going to start the prayer line for the sick. I want to tell you something. I don't know whether to right now or not. (What prayer card did you give out? V?) We're in prayer card V today, a hundred V's; we'll pick the rest of them up tomorrow. We'll get some of them now. V... Turn your little card over. It's got a "V" on it, and there's 1 to 100. And we don't usually get too many. You don't have to; it's just the work of the Holy Spirit. How many's never been in one of my meetings before? Let's see your hands. How many people? Oh, just look. I'm so happy you're here. Hard to get it to you just in one message, one night.

**66** But look! When Jesus was here on earth, He didn't heal any people. He said, "I only do what the Father shows Me." Is that right? See, the Lord shows a vision. No man, not even Christ's flesh could glory in the presence of God, 'cause no flesh can glory, but the spirit always. And the Spirit revealed to Him where the people, what they had done. And the things that the Father wanted Him to do, He showed Him what to do, then He went and done that. Is that the Scripture? Saint John 5:19 said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." He just passed by thousands of crippled, and lame, and blind folks, and the Father had showed Him where one man was laying on a pallet. Do you believe the Father showed Him? Why, He said so; said He knew he had been this way a long time. And He went to him, healed him. He might've had TB, prostate trouble, or something, had it thirty-eight years; it wasn't going to kill him. But the Father had showed Him where to go through this crowd among all these crippled, blind, lame, halt, withered, and heal this one man, and walked away, and left the crowd laying there.

```
John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**67** They questioned Him. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Is that Saint John 5:19? Then He never did one thing until God showed Him by a vision. The people pulled God through Him, by touching His garment and so forth, when they had faith. He'd stand, look in the audience and tell them different things, "I know who you are, where you come from, what you did before you come. You had a blood issue. You're healed now. Your faith's made you well. This blind man over here, he's healed," and so forth. That was our Lord Jesus then. Is that right? If He's raised from the dead, He'll be the same tonight, if He's the same. Hebrews 13:8 said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then He's the same in principle, the same in power; all the way around, He's the same. Is that right? And now, if He will come here and do the very same things that He did back there, will you all accept Him as your Healer tonight, as these people... And now, to you young converts, you've accepted the Lord just because you believe the Word. Now, watch Him show you that He really is the Lord Jesus, that He's not dead; He's alive, and He's here tonight. The Lord be blessed.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**68** All right. What was that? V? V? Let's see, let's get the last part of them tonight. Who has V... What say? [Brother says, "V, V."] V, I'm sorry. All right, "V" like in "victory," then, 85 to a 100. That would be... Who has prayer card 85? Let's see. All right, come right here, lady. [Gap in the audio] ... God, that You'll help tonight. And now, a very poor ... is a man for the Holy Spirit, but Father, who is worthy? None. All sinned and come short of the glory, but Thou has so chosen that some should do one thing and another, to minister to those who are needy. And I pray Thee, Father, that You'll let the words of our Lord Jesus, which said, "The things that I do, shall you also. More than this shall you do, for I go to My Father. Yet a little while, and the world won't see Me no more (the unbeliever), yet ye shall see Me; for I will be with you to the end of the world." Then, Lord, You were to represent Yourself in the same manner, by the same things, to the end of the world. And I pray Thee, Father, that You'll be so kind as to do that again for us tonight. We ask it humbly in Jesus' name, Thy beloved Son, our Saviour. Amen.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;

```
**69** Now, may His blessings... Uh-huh? [A brother speaks to Brother Branham.] No, no you can't come in prayer lines without prayer cards. You'll have to come tomorrow and get you a prayer card. You have to get prayer cards to get in the line. It's not fair to the rest of the people. Look out here. How many wants to be prayed for? Raise your hands, all over the building wants to be prayed for. See, that's the reason we have to give prayer cards, see. No, come tomorrow. You'll get a prayer card if you didn't get it tonight. But you don't need a prayer card. Just sit, and look this way, and believe with all your heart. That doesn't matter for me to touch; it's whether you touch Christ. Is that right? It's not me. There's nothing in me. I'm just a poor sinner saved by grace. But Jesus Christ is the Son of God. He's the One to touch.

**70** All right. Now, we'll start praying for the sick. Now, how many again that wants to be healed and doesn't have a prayer card? Raise your hand, everywhere. God bless you. Now, I want to do something. You look this way, and believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ has risen from the dead, and believe that He's here tonight to do the exceedingly, abundantly, and you find out if He don't heal and do just exactly what He said He would do. Don't you believe that? Why, certainly He will. He's lovely. He's the fairest of ten thousand. He's the lily of the valley, and the morning star. And His grace is from everlasting unto everlasting. He is God.

**71** All right, let the lady come. Are we strange to each other, lady? We do not know each other. Is that right? Now, I want you, every one, to be reverent. Please, just be real reverent. Sit still. Just kind of watch this way. Pray with all your heart, "Dear God, be merciful to the people. And I'm so glad..." If you're a Christian say, "I'm so glad that I'm a Christian and serving You." Because all other religions outside of Christian religion is false. Jesus is the only true and living God. And He's the Son of God, He is. And He's the only one that is true, is our God. And we're so thankful to know that. All other people, the Buddha, and all those... He lived about twenty-three hundred years ago, he made a lot of things, but he died and went to the grave. And all them saints... "Well, yours did to." Oh, no. Ours rose from the grave. They'll say, "Prove it. Prove it." He said, "The things that I do shall you also." Here's the proof of it. That's the reason my ministry is just about finished in America. I see that. When I was talking to Mr. Arganbright, some of them today in this meeting, my meeting here going thousand of dollars in debt. I told him not to take up a love offering. Turn it right into this, and I will send it in till it's paid for. That's right. When it comes time they won't, my meetings won't support themselves, it's time for me to get back to Africa, India, or somewhere, see. Now, but as soon as they see the first thing done, they believe.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**72** Here stands a woman, a total stranger; I never seen her in my life. God knows that. We have no way of knowing one another, 'cause we've... This is our first time meeting. But God knows us both, doesn't He, lady? You are a Christian. Now, if this, just like... Just take my time with this woman a minute. If this woman here... This is exactly the same, pre-figure, as it was our Lord at the well. [Gap in the audio] Feel so humble when I say that. Thinking that, here before the purchase of His blood, I'm making a statement like that with His Bible laying open. That's a great thing, isn't it, lady? And here we are! Something has got to happen. I've either told the truth, or I haven't told the truth. Either Jesus is the resurrected Son of God, or He isn't the resurrected Son of God. Now, there it is, and probably twenty-five hundred, or three thousand people sitting here waiting to find out whether it is or not.

**73** Now, if I've represented it right, I have no fear, because I've represented it by His Word, and what His Bible says. Now, the lady being, as I said, a stranger to me, not knowing her, never seeing her, then God would have to tell me what you're here for, if I'd ever know it. Is that right? And if He will, will you believe Him? I'm talking to you to catch your spirit ... or, to get your spirit to catch His, see. You're a Christian, and I'm a Christian; and we're standing here as brothers and sisters, and never met before. But the same Lord saved you, saved me. Now, there's something you want from God. And you've come to me as His prophet ... or, servant, rather---to His servant. Now, by a divine gift, I'm trying to help you. And the only way I can is yield myself to the Holy Ghost, and your faith pull, whatever it is, and God show me what it is, and I tell you. That's all I could do. And then if your faith meets that qualification, you'll get what you ask for. If it doesn't, you don't. That's the whole... And the audience the same way.

**74** But the lady now, as the Holy Spirit... Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit here under my control for the glory of God. Now, be reverent, audience, if you're still listening. The lady is very sick. And she's suffering with a lady's trouble, a female condition. And she's been somewhere for it. It's a... But they couldn't do her no good. She's been under hospital care. And they've done all they could do, but the doctors just don't know what it is that's doing it. And now, you're supposed to go back to the hospital again for more. And there's some one... That's your husband sitting down there. That's right. I seen a gray-headed man standing by you, and the light flashed this way; and he's sick too. And he's suffering with rheumatism. That's right. Isn't that right, sir? All right, you stand up on to your feet. Your rheumatism's gone. Don't go to the hospital; go to Calvary now, and it'll be over in the name of the Lord Jesus. Do you believe? Then receive Him right now. Then receive Him as your Healer. He's yours, if thou canst believe.

**75** Little lady there with your hands folded, sitting on the end of the seat, you're very sick, aren't you? Yes, ma'am. You done a gallant thing a while ago. You raised your hand and accepted Jesus as your Saviour, because that you're... Got a lot to accept Him for. You're sitting there; you don't need no prayer card. You just got your bare hands. But you're fixing to go to a hospital. You've got to go back because everything's wrong with you. You've had a lot of sorrow. I see a little one. You've lost your baby. That's right. And you have to go back to the hospital. O dear God, my blessed heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus Thy Son, I bless this poor woman that's suffering. And may she be well and comforted, because she's given her heart to You. May this be the beginning of a new life right now, and may she be well and healthy, in Jesus' Name, I pray. Amen. Rise up to your feet, little mother. God bless you now. Go on your road and rejoice. Everything will be all right for you.

**76** Let us say, "Praise the Lord." See, don't scramble for prayer cards; reach for Jesus. He's the One. That's all she needs. Her faith, sitting praying desperately, and the Holy Spirit started to move to this woman, and then went right straight to that woman there. And right now, I don't know what was wrong with her, but ever what it is, I knew she'd give her heart to Christ. Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." You praise Him, sister? You love Him? The lady with a gray dress on, sitting right back there, kind of gray-haired, moving your face like... Yes, uh-huh. You got some spiritual problems. Kind of hard, isn't it? Do you believe with all your heart? That is true, isn't it? Yes, sir. Do you accept it now? Just remember what I tell you: It's all passed away. Your troubles are over. Your faith has rewarded you, sister, of what you think in the Lord Jesus. Have courage; don't be discouraged, but believe all things are possible to them that believe. "If thou canst believe..."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**77** Lady, ... or, is this the patient? I'm not beside myself, but yet, I get mixed up sometimes, because It's anointing that I don't understand just what it is myself. We are strangers to each other, are we, lady? We are strange. We do not know each other, but Jesus Christ knows us, doesn't He? Nothing is too hard for our Lord Jesus, is it? He can do all things. Don't you believe that? He certainly can do all things, and He does His work real well. Amen. Epilepsy is a hard thing, but Jesus Christ can heal it if you'll believe it. You believe it? With all your heart? Amen.

**78** Arthritis is too, isn't it, brother? Got it in neck and shoulders, but Jesus Christ can make well. You believe it, brother? Then you can receive it. Your faith's made you whole. Amen. And not only him, there, over there with that gall bladder trouble, sister. Just quit praying. Jesus Christ has already heard. If you believe with all your heart, you'll never have it again. You believe that Jesus makes you well? Then your faith has healed you. You see what I mean? Christ, the Son of God, is raised from the dead. He's here to make well. Give blessings to whosoever will, let him come.

**79** Just a moment now, to speak with you just a moment. Are we strangers to each other. We're standing here, never knew each other, but God knows us, doesn't He? You don't believe I'm reading your mind, do you? No, you don't believe that. I have no way of doing it. God knows your future. I don't. But you're suffering with a nervous condition. That is right. Just about the time of life for you to have that. That's right. You got a dark shadow. It may not leave overnight, but have faith. Then you got trouble in your back too, haven't you? That's right. Isn't that true? Now, all the doubt's gone now, hasn't it? Here, let me tell you something else that you might know that I be God's servant. You have something wrong. You got a tumor. Is that right? May I tell you where it's at? Under the right breast. Is that right? Now, do you believe me to be His prophet? Then go rejoicing and happy, and you'll get well, believing on the Lord Jesus. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Have faith, now.

**80** Just a moment. A deaf spirit just... Oh, be reverent. Bow your head just a minute. It's the lady standing before me. Everyone bow your head now. I don't know how bad it is or nothing. Just bow your head just a little while, and don't raise your head until you hear me tell you to raise your head. Now, in Jesus' name, keep your head bowed. Our heavenly Father, Thy knowest all things, and I pray for this, my sister. Feeling the vibrations of that evil one, that would cause her to be hit by a vehicle somewhere and killed, her life shortened. But I pray that You'll be merciful to her. Not that we have to have miracles to believe, because we do believe. And I now condemn this demon and ask that it leaves her. Come out of her, thou demon, in Jesus Christ's name. You deaf spirit, I charge thee by the living God, you can't hold her no longer.

**81** Do you hear me? Which ear was it? Of course you hear me again now. See, this... Do you hear me, now? Do you hear me now? Say, "Praise the Lord." [The sister says, "Praise the Lord."] All right. You can raise your heads, not to see miracles ... these vibrators in her ears. Do you love Him now, sister? ["Yes, I love Him."] Can you hear me all right, now? ["I've always believed He'd heal me some day."] Let me tell you something else now, that you know whether your healing is complete or not. You're in a lot of trouble aren't you? ["Yes, I am."] You are... You got a colon condition. It's in your bowels. The doctors want to operate, but they can't, because you have peritonitis that wouldn't permit them to operate. They won't have to from now on, if you just believe. Do you believe? Now, go rejoicing, sister. Amen. Let us be thankful to our Lord. Do you believe He has risen from the dead? Have faith.

**82** How do you do? We are strangers to each other as man and woman, we are. But you are a Christian. And I am a stranger to you. I'm your brother, because you're my sister through Jesus Christ the Son of God. Do you believe that side trouble left you? Would you accept it, if Jesus would heal you, speak to you and make your side well? You believe that God would take care of it? You can, you can have what you ask for then. Amen. It's just that simple. Just by faith believing. That's all you have to do. Isn't that wonderful, sir? My brother, it's over now. Her faith did that. A husband, when he seen his wife was healed by just purely faith, believing, tears rolled to his cheeks, and he reached over and got her by the hand and begin to hug her up. She bowed her head humbly and give thanks to God. Certainly that means something. She was praying when she was standing there; a few moments ago, something struck her. I never turned. I thought it was the lady on the cot. I was watching to be sure where it was. I thought maybe she might be ... something wrong in her side. I watched again to see if it was the lady on the cot, and it looked... I seen the vision here before me: The woman kept praying. I seen the vision before me: It was a gray-headed woman. I kept wondering where it was, and I seen the light come over here and settle down right there, said, "It's that lady there. That's who it is." That's right. You were praying, wasn't you, sister? And believing? If that's right, raise up your hand so the people can see. That is right. All right. That's right. It's your faith that does it, see. Not me. I'm just your brother. I only do what He tells me to say. It's your faith pulling that. And that's right.

**83** Now, the lady here before me. As I say, I don't know you, lady. If I could help you any way, I'd do it. And if I didn't do it, I'd be a cruel person, wouldn't I? But I can only tell you what Jesus ... of Jesus. And I'm not much of a preacher, but I do believe what I say. You're aware of that. Now, you're all broke down. One thing, you got heart trouble, a rectal trouble, nervous, complications; and by the way, you are a minister. You're a preacher, a lady preacher of the Gospel. Do you believe me? All right, just go on your road rejoicing now and get well. Just don't let that nervousness... That's what's doing the trouble. Just go, be happy. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Do you now believe?

**84** You have faith, dad? What about it, sis? You having faith? I want to see you healed, honey, so bad, I don't know what to do. There's nothing I can do about it. I know your troubles, but I can't heal you, see. It's your faith. Just keep moving; He'll do it. Keep having faith, each one of you, and don't doubt. What about it, brother? You believe it with all your heart? Believe that Jesus Christ will do it for you? "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Little Spanish sister, believe with all your heart. Amen. It's dimming to me now. It looks like it's the whole building. My dear [Unclear word] people, brothers and sisters, I wish I could explain this. I can't. But it just seems like to me... Maybe I'd better not even try it. You just believe, will you? You just believe now with all your heart. Jesus, the Son of God, great Jehovah-God, His own beloved Child is here in the form of Spirit tonight, just doing the same things through poor, ignorant people: myself, and people that's unworthy, all of us. And your faith through a divine gift is pulling the virtue from Calvary, what you have need of. Can't you see it?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**85** Oh, my American brothers and sisters, don't lay in this lull that you American people are laying in. Why, in India, let happen what just happened now, every person on the grounds would get up and walk away. Tens of thousands would be healed at one time. That's right. But we, well, we wonder. We're so educated. We're so smart, see. It's too bad. I don't mean, maybe, you people here. But that spirit of America: We know it all; we know all about it, see. Oh, if you could just get out of that crust, and let your heart get smooth and tender before God, that you could realize that your poor humble brother has nothing to do with this. I'm just yielding to the Holy Spirit in regards to the words of Jesus. He said, "The same things that I did, you'll do. I will represent Myself with you plumb to the end of the world. And the same things that I did, you'll do also." He said that. Did He? Well, here He is tonight doing it. Let us believe Him.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**86** Oh, if we could just get away from that... If you could only see what I see. That cold, indifferent, foggy look hanging around, trying... That's what's making you feel... Just can't raise up and accept it all at once, it's because that hangs over you. If I could ever get that broke, if I could ever get the people just in one accord, what would take place? I've seen it. Have faith now. We oughtn't to have to bring anyone else. Your wishes are granted, sister, with your handkerchief to your mouth. Just raise up and accept the Lord Jesus, right here, little Spanish woman. God bless you. It's all over now. You can go home.

**87** Hmm, simplicity... Is this the patient? You're the man? Come here, my dear one. Do you believe what the things that you see comes from God, sir? You do? We are perfect strangers. As far as I know, we don't know one another. That's... We're strangers, are we? That the audience know, we're strangers. Well, dear sir, I know one thing: I've got to meet you in the judgment someday. I'll have to stand in your presence again someday. That's right. And I'll have to give an account for my life here on earth before Almighty God, in your presence. That's right. But, Jesus Christ is truly the Son of God that's raised from the dead. There's nothing good about... I'm just a man like you are, see. There's nothing ... nothing in no flesh. We're nothing. But it's the Holy Spirit that's here. He comes through the Word, the ministering of the Word. The Word brings Him. Then by a divine gift of healing, just knowing, which that's between God and I---to yield yourself to know.

**88** Now, you're here, a man. I never seen you. But there's something you're here for. If it isn't you'll know right away, see. He'll tell you, see. You perhaps... Have you ever been in another meeting, one of my meetings, and see how critics slip in sometime, and what happens? See them stand there on the platform and paralyze them. We don't play church. Serve God. But if the Holy Spirit will let me know what's your trouble, will you accept it as God wanting to give you what you have need of? Now, here's a man, I believe, is honest in heart. I've never seen him. God knows all about him. Now, just to talk to him a minute and see what God would do. It's hard sometime to single right straight in front of me. It's at least two dozen people praying right now, see. And they're spirits; it's another world, see. And when the vision starts coming, it moves that way; then I can't detect which one it is. Then I look this way, and after so many, you can't tell where you're at hardly, see. And I'm trying to get you singled out. And I keep seeing a woman come before me. I don't know why. It's a woman standing before me. And she's... Why, brother, it's your wife. You're standing here praying for your wife. I never seen her in my life till just now. But she's got some kind of a trouble in her bowels, that they don't know what to do. Don't you worry. Jesus Christ is going to make her well. Amen.

**89** Only thing I ask you to do is have faith. Just believe. "If thou canst believe." Here stands a man right here by me. I kept seeing a woman appear before me all the time. I couldn't tell. It would move towards the audience, then it'd come here, and I looked again, and here he was standing by her side. I know it was for her. And you're not here for yourself. You're here for someone else: grandson, I believe. And it's got a head injury, an infection. And he's not here. He's not even in this state. He's in a state where you could pick up dirt, and it's dark sand instead of red sand and yellow sand. It's Illinois. That's where he's from. And, my dear friend, you have a gallant desire in your heart. You've come and want me to lay hands on you that you might receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That is the truth. And, Father, may it be so, these desires. I ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go, believing, rejoicing.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**90** Come lady. (A little water). You believe, lady? If God will just tell me without speaking too long (I just can't hardly stand.), will you believe with all your heart? Then go home and believe your kidney trouble's left you; you'll be well. Let's say, "Praise the Lord, for the goodness and mercy of our Lord Jesus." (Thank you. Just a minute.) All right. Would you come? Heart trouble is not hard for God to heal, is it, sir? Do you believe He'll make well? Then in the name of the Lord Jesus, I bless him. And may it be so, for the glory of God. Amen. Don't fear. Go, believing, my brother. You shall have what you've asked for. Would you come, my kind friend. Do you believe me as God's servant? Some might say, "Well, you're getting old." That doesn't matter to God. He could strengthen Abraham to have a child after he was old, by Sarah. You believe that, don't you? So could He make you a new lining in your stomach. You could go eat your supper. You believe that? And as you have believed it, go eat then, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Let us say, "Thanks be to God."

**91** Come. Sir, do you believe? That old coughing and going on keeps you up and everything else, doesn't it? Asthma's a bad thing, but Jesus can make you well. Do you believe it? Do you accept it? Then go. As you have believed, so shall it be unto you. Have faith. How do you do, sister. Do you believe? I wish I could heal you. I can't. Your faith can. Do you believe that? Go, believing, and arthritis will never cripple you up. You'll be well. God bless you. Let us say, "Praise be to God, Who gives us the victory." It must be time for me to go. Let me have this one more person, will you just a minute? Just stand there just a minute. You're the patient, aren't you, lady? Don't know you, never seen you in my life, I guess. But God knows you, doesn't He? Do you believe me to be His servant? The audience will accept the same thing? Then listen to what I tell you. God's attitude towards every one of you is the same. Just passing those people through, the more you talk to people, the more you know. If you just... Just a moment. Every one be reverent.

**92** Here's an elderly woman standing before me. Perhaps could be my mother at her age. I don't know her, never seen her. She's a stranger to me. They were fixing to take me from the platform, but something told me to stop you just a minute. Oh, God told you today that I was going to pray for you. He never lies. He can't. All right then. Let us see what He will tell you. Yes, ma'am. I see you moving away from a table. It's food you're rejecting, because you have a stomach trouble. And that stomach trouble is caused by a gallbladder. That's right, isn't it? A gallbladder leaking into it makes bitter and acids in your mouth and things from your food. That is the truth. It seems like there's somebody I see you with. It's a sister, and she's blind. And she's been that way for years. And you're wanting me to pray for her. If that's true, raise your hand. Then believe. O God, be merciful, I pray, and give this woman her desire, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go, receive what you've asked for. And to you, my beloved brother and sister, do you believe Jesus has risen from the dead? He's here, now. It's Him. He's here. [Gap in the audio] ... Word. The Creator of heavens and earth is in our midst tonight, not because I'm here. [Gap in the audio] ... are Christians, believers. Won't you now accept Him?
