---
Date: 1955-01-18
Title: The great warrior David
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 9 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The great warrior David



**1** In the 17th chapter of I Samuel, if you so desire to read with me, and begin with the 31st verse... And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him. And David said unto Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth. ... David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock: And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him. And thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing that he has defied the armies of the living God. May the Lord add His blessings to this Word. Just for a few moments now I want to speak on this great warrior David. And tomorrow night, God willing, I want to speak on Joshua the warrior.

**2** Now tonight being David's night, David has always had a real place in my heart, because he was, as God said to him, a man after His own heart. I like to see people who know where they're standing, who knows what they're talking about. I like to hear people talk no matter what they are, what religion they belong to, or what subject they're talking on, if they know what they're talking about. And I like that.

```
Acts 13:22 And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.

```
**3** And David was a little shepherd lad; he lived in Bethlehem with his father, which was from the tribe of Ephraim. And a noble little fellow, the eighth child of this father, Jesse, which was a Ephraimite. And David, from the very beginning of his days born here on this earth, he knew that God was with him. Before he was ever blessed ... or, anointed, he knew God was with him. If you'll watch the story real close, how that God... Last night we were speaking on the same thing, that gifts and callings are without repentance. It's God's election and foreknowledge is what makes the thing so. If we have a desire, the Bible said, "It's not him that willeth, or him that runneth, but it's God that showeth mercy." See, it's not whether you will, or whether you want to, or where your desires is, it's whether it is God's will or not. Then we have to find out God's will, and if it's that perfect, we can just set our faith to that and say, "This is it." And we can run right on the way the will of God runs.

```
Romans 9:16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.

```
**4** Now, we know it's God's will to save the lost. We know it's God's will to heal the sick. Now, if we can positionally place ourself in His will, it's over. This little audience tonight, how many sick people's in here? Let's see your hands. Sick people wants to be prayed for raise up your hands, anywhere. Now just look, there's no... We should go home tonight perfectly well. Look at the others... Say, and by the way, if you're still here, some of the people sent in their testimonies. My! Outstanding. Even Brother Joseph was getting them to place in his magazine, testimonies, what the Lord did for the people out there. Just as soon as they were spoke to or received the faith, how the Lord Jesus come down in great power and manifested Himself to them. Heal them of all kinds of diseases, has departed from the people. Diseases that the doctors couldn't even control has already, since we've been right here in Chicago, the Lord's healed them and they're well now, see. They're here as living testimonies. Going home, find their loved ones healed, and everything. Just the way the Lord speaks it. Run it back on the tape and see what He says, watch if that ain't right. See just what He says, that's just what's going to be.

**5** And now, David, positionally he was born by election, which God said, "Gifts and callings are without repentance." And he was born, elected a servant of the Lord. And when he was a little boy, Israel had, during that day, had got away from God. They had went out and chose themselves a king. They wanted to act like the rest of the nations, like the Gentiles. God was their king, but they wanted to act like the rest of the people. That's when they got in trouble. And whenever you try to impersonate someone else, look out for trouble. You can... Brother Upshaw had a little slogan he used to say, "You can't be nothing that you hain't." That's right. "You can't be nothing that you hain't." So just keep that in mind. And so when you come to try to impersonate something, why, you're just putting on. God knows about it, and the people knows it also. And so, just might as well just be yourself.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**6** And if Israel had just stayed in that condition... But they said, "Well, now looky. The rest of the nations has got a king, so why can't we have a king?" That's what happened to you Pentecostal people when you thought, Well, the rest of the churches, they all go to shows. And their women cut their hair off, and they wear short dresses, and they say they're Christians, why can't we? There you are. Thank you, I'm glad to hear you say that. Thank you. That's right. An old Methodist preacher used to sing, "We let down the bars, we compromised with sin, we let down the bars and the sheep got out, but how did the goats get in?" You let down the bars, that's it. That's true. Now, don't think I've got a measuring stick; I have not. But I have seen what the Gospel does to a person when it really gets a hold of them. It makes you look different, act different, dress different, walk different, you're different all the way around. That's right. And just let down the bars once and watch how the goats get in.

```
1 Samuel 8:5 And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now make us a king to judge us like all the nations.

```
**7** But now, Israel wanted to impersonate the other people. And that's what the church wants to do, to impersonate. They come a backslidden condition. And in this condition then, what did they do? They got them a king. And they selected this king. They went to find their king; and when they did, they found the biggest, handsomest man they could find. Great big, seven footer with black shaggy hair, dark sparkling eyes, that would be attractive to the people. And they thought, He'll make a wonderful king. But as God said to Samuel, "Man looketh on the outward appearance, but God looketh on the heart." When Israel selected their king, they wanted a great big handsome, strong looking fellow with big shoulders, and straight--standing head and shoulders above all of his army. But when God selected His king for them. A little old ruddy, sapling-looking kind of a fellow, looked like a little sissy. And that was God's pick of it. What a difference. See the difference in it? That's just the way God does things sometimes. He does it in such ways that's so contrary, so different from what we think.

```
1 Samuel 16:7 But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.

```
**8** The doctor say, "Well, that case is going to die with TB. How could he ever get well?" That's the doctors opinion. He's looking at it from a medical standpoint. But not from God's standpoint. "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." That's the next thing, see. One looks at it from one way... One looks at it from wisdom sense, and the other one looks at it from spiritual sense. So it's just which ever way you base your faith. If the doctor says, "It's finished," and you believe that, that settles it. That's right. But if the doctor says, "It finishes," and you don't believe it because God said something different, watch what happens, see. Just depends on which way you let yourself go, who you yield your members to that's whose servant you are.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

```
**9** Now, not nothing against doctors now. Remember, I believe doctors... I say that because many times people go around say, "Well, a fellow shouldn't have a doctor." I'll disagree with you. No sir, they're God's agents. Just the same as you need your automobile, that's a scientific discovery. That's right. You get along a lot better with your doctor, but the doctor isn't your healer. God's your healer. That's right. Your doctor's only assistant to God. That's right. But when the doctor's gone as far as he can go, that's his limit. And he can only work on what he can see and what he can feel. That's all he knows about. But God controls the rest.

**10** And the doctor doesn't heal anyhow. He can set your arm; but when he leaves the house, your arm's not healed. He just sets your arm and lets God heal it. When you got appendicitis, he takes the appendix out and leaves it there for God to heal, that's all. Pulls a tooth out, leaves it there for God to heal. 'Cause medicine doesn't build tissue, it doesn't do that, it's not made... Only life can build tissue and God is life. So they cannot heal, not one thing. They don't claim to. They just simply set the bone, take the operation, give medicine to keep clean and so forth, while God does the healing. That's just simple. So don't disregard your doctor, if he's a good doctor, a Christian doctor. You know what? In my travels, in the overall picture, in talking, in clinics and everywhere where I've been interviewed, I've found more doctors believing in divine healing than I have ministers. That's the truth. Very seldom I ever hit a doctor that's a quack. That's right. Most of them say, "Well, sure, Reverend Branham, we don't claim to be healers. Why, my I've seen cases that I knowed was gone. And see prayer bring the people right back again." Said, "Well, sure, it's got to be." See, they don't claim to be healers. Now we've had some that's narrow-minded, and selfish, and think that they do it, so he never gets anywhere anyhow. Just watch him, he'll fade out of the picture pretty soon. And a man that trusts God...

**11** A little friend of mine, has been a wonderful little doctor, he believed in God but he just didn't accept Him. And last week, week before last, it is now, he was led to Jesus Christ. He said his business and everything had picked up already, and he hadn't said nothing about it. I said, "Don't worry, it'll come right along." You just start trusting God and watch how much more successful you are with your patients out there at the hospital and things. Put God first. Pray before you go to the home, and so forth, and find out. Lord willing, maybe tomorrow night I'll read you that article out of the paper of the American Medical Association, what they said about divine healing.

**12** Now, David ... or, Saul, rather, when he was chosen, a great fellow--fine looking, strapping, straight shouldered, all great, head and shoulders above his whole army--they said, "That's our king." And what did it lead them to? Finally, a backslidden condition. And their king backslid. And now when God seen that their choice was no good, God went to choose Him a king. So He told Samuel, said, "Fill up the horn with oil and go out to Jesse and call his sons up, and I'll tell you when I get there who I have chosen, who I have chosen to be king." So he went out there. And so, Jesse thought too, like Saul ... or, Samuel, rather, that this great big fine young ... the oldest one of all of them, would come out, a big strapping looking fellow. He said, "This is the one will be king." So he marched out there with his head up, you know. Like people anywhere, they just... That's a psychological effect it has on the people.

```
1 Samuel 10:23 And they ran and fetched him thence: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward.

1 Samuel 16:1 And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.

1 Samuel 16:6 And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the Lord's anointed is before him.

```
**13** Now the man here in the city wants to become religious. The first thing he'll hunt for is one of the biggest churches he can find in the city, with all the crucifixes hanging all around, and the great stained windows and the plush pews and everything; that's where he thinks he finds God because it's big. And maybe he may be a dignitary, and maybe the celebrity does go there, but that don't mean that God is there. Usually God's choice is a little old mission down here on the corner somewhere where they're beating a tambourine, clapping their hands. Sometimes that's where God's at. That's right. See, but the human side, the humanistic spirit, they look for that big bright shiny something, and jump at everything they see shiny. But all that glitters is not gold. You can remember that. And then...

**14** That's what's happened to the world today, they have turned down the real simple Gospel of Jesus Christ and went out to something great scholarly, educated, smart, shrewd, that studied psychology and got the bachelors degree and all other things, you know. And the great, fine, millions of dollars in churches. I want to ask you something. Why're you building churches with millions of dollars and preaching Jesus Christ is coming soon? I don't get that, do you? I can't see it. If Jesus is coming soon, what do we care about it? Let's go get people saved. That's the main thing. Jesus never did say, build big churches. No, He never. He never did say have seminaries. I ain't got nothing against churches, big churches; they're all right. I haven't got nothing against seminaries; they're all right. But Jesus never commissioned us to do that. He never said build big churches or have seminaries. He never said build hospitals or schools; but they're all right. Remember, I have nothing against them.

**15** But the very principle that He said for us to do, we've let down, and took secondarily. We've built great hospitals and schools and great places and seminaries. And educated our preachers to make them so they can speak with very fine swell words and use the psychology and stand stiff and say "Ahmen" just as polite as it can be, and all of that. And what has it got us? A big bunch of backslidden people. That's right. That's right. Nothing but a bunch of cold, formal indifferent churches that's as cold as zero weather, spiritually speaking. I don't say that for jokes, 'cause this is no place to joke. But I say that for the truth. That is the truth. And how it's got us into the place, how we want the big things though. My! Yes, we want a... Some man's got a business and he wants to get with the businessmen. He'll go to the biggest church there is in the city and take his seat back there, put his name on the book. Many times just exactly like Israel did when they chose Saul. See, head and shoulders above everything else you know. And that's the way you get into trouble.

```
1 Samuel 10:23 And they ran and fetched him thence: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward.

```
**16** But God told Samuel, said, "Get a cruise of oil and go out there, and I'll tell you who to anoint." Well, Jesse come out there, brought his oldest son out, which is a great big six footer or better, said, "That's the one to be king." And he passed by. Samuel got the oil cruise, and said, "Surely, that's him." And when he passed by, God said, "That's not him, I've refused him." My. He said, "Well, this fellow is nearly his size, we'll bring him out. He's a big handsome looking fellow. He'd look good with that crown sitting on the side of his head and his new suit on." How he'll look to stand before the people. That's the way people judges their pastors today. What a shame. Right. And so when he passed by, Samuel got his cruise of oil and run to pour it on him. He said, "Don't receive him, I've refused him." And he kept on bringing them out till he got down to the seventh one; that was it. Samuel said, "Well, is that all you got?" He said, "That's all I got." Said, "Yes. Oh, I got a little scrub back out there herding sheep somewhere." Said, "Well, go get him." Said, "We're not going to sit down till we go get him." So they went back there, I can see them, some of them with a discouraged look on their face and thinking, Well, surely that wouldn't be the king. So they... That's the way people think today, If there's anything such as divine healing it wouldn't be in a mess of people like that. Anything like the power of God it wouldn't be on...

```
1 Samuel 16:1 And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.

1 Samuel 16:6 And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the Lord's anointed is before him.

1 Samuel 16:7 But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.

1 Samuel 16:8 Then Jesse called Abinadab, and made him pass before Samuel. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.

1 Samuel 16:9 Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.

1 Samuel 16:10 Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, The LORD hath not chosen these.

1 Samuel 16:11 And Samuel said unto Jesse, Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and, behold, he keepeth the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come hither.

```
**17** I had a woman, a news reporter tell me up in Oregon one day, she said, "Well, if there was anything to it, it wouldn't be amongst a bunch of illiterate things like you teach to." I said, "You don't think so? Go on up to your big church and die then." I said, "If you want to get healed, come on down there." She said, "Well, but before I get down there and boohoo like them others do," she said, "that makes shivers run over my back when I hear them do that." I said, "You'd freeze if you ever got to heaven, 'cause you're going to hear plenty of it up there." That's right. I said, "I tell you one thing," I said, "if you can't..." Just like Naaman, he said, "Isn't the waters just better over here in my country than them old muddy waters of Jordan?" And he turned around and started back. All puffed up. He didn't want to humble himself. And he said, "All right, if you want to go on back with your leprosy, go on." So when he got off his high horse and got down there and humbled himself and dipped in the muddy waters where God told him to dip, he got rid of his leprosy. That's right. You got to come God's way. Not your way, His way.

```
2 Kings 5:10 And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.

2 Kings 5:11 But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.

2 Kings 5:12 Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.

2 Kings 5:13 And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?

2 Kings 5:14 Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.

```
**18** And notice. How I can see David then, here he comes running in with a little shepherd's coat on, made out of sheepskin, perhaps; he runs in, a little old, sissy looking boy. The Bible says he was ruddy, and he wasn't nothing but just a little old spindly fellow, kind of a sissy, fair look at, little bitty old fellow run in there. And the Holy Ghost come upon the prophet, said, "Pour the oil on his head; I've chosen him." What a disappointment it was to all them people standing there expecting these big men, the big handsome, strong looking fellows to be king. But he poured the oil on little old David's head. And from that day the Holy Spirit was with David. God was with him. He went back out into the wilderness happy.

```
1 Samuel 16:12 And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and withal of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he.

1 Samuel 16:13 Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up, and went to Ramah.

```
**19** They went on back down, and the Spirit departed from Saul. He'd backslid and went so far away from God until the Spirit had left him; and an evil spirit took His place, come on Saul. And Saul was all moody and in a bad humor, and kicking things around, and all out of sorts. Like some people gets on Monday morning. He was out of sorts all the time. Did you know that's a evil spirit? It's exactly. So they didn't... The doctors couldn't do him any good. They had a lot of doctors around there, but they couldn't help that because it was a spiritual condition. So one of the men had passed around and seen a few places, they said, "Well, we know where there's a divine healer at." "Why, who would that be?" Said, "Jesse's got a son back out there, he..." Yeah, he was a divine healer. Sure he was. He healed by music. Amen. That's what he did. He had a gift of casting out evil spirits. The Holy Ghost hadn't come in those days, so he cast them out by music, playing the words of the Lord. "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside still waters." And it disturbed the evil spirits so much that they left Saul.

```
1 Samuel 16:23 And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.

Psalm 23:1 A Psalm of David. The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.

Psalm 23:2 He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.

```
**20** Shame on you people don't believe in string music. No wonder, evil spirits never like it. They have to get away. David cast out devils by playing on his stringed instrument. That's what the Scripture says. That's right. And when David would begin to play, the evil spirit would leave Saul. Is that right? So this little boy was born in the world for a purpose. Do you believe that? And he knowed God was with him. Sure he did. Because he'd been able to... He was a crack shot, he was a woodsman. And he had a little slingshot out there, and an old lion got a ... a bear, one day, run in and grabbed a little sheep and started out with it; and David took his sling and knocked the lion down and took the sheep out of his mouth. And when the lion rose up, come to himself and rose up, David just caught him by the beard and give him hunting knife to him, and that ended it. So he knowed God was with him. He killed the bear also. And he knew God was with him. And now, the next thing he did, played and cast out devils. If that ain't a Spirit-filled man I never seen one. He might be little and ruddy, but he was a Spirit-filled man. God was with him.

```
1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

```
**21** Then the first thing you know there broke out a war, and the Philistines come over and said, "Well, we're just going to have war with Israel." And Saul got all of his people. Sent that little old ruddy boy back over on the hillside there to watch his daddy's sheep. And so, then he sent the big warriors out to fight the battle. Said, "That little old fellow can't fight. So we put him back out there with the sheep. So we'll just send these great big men out there to do the job." So he sent all of his boys out and give them the sword and so forth, and their spears and they were trained warriors. They went out there with all their PhD's and everything to fight the battle. The enemy's always there to challenge them.

**22** So there come a big fellow out, Goliath, nine foot three inches tall, great big fellow. Walked out and said, "I'll make you a proposition. Why all these men die?" Said, "Send me a man over here and let me fight him. And if he kills me, we'll be your servants. If I kill him, why, you'll be our servants." Sure, the enemy, when he's got the edge on you, he likes to boast and carry on like that. Oh, he gives a big boast. So everyone of them, all them big degrees, they was shivering, they was scared of that fellow, 'cause he was a big man. So he boasted like that for forty days. Did you ever notice, forty is the number of temptation? Certainly is. Moses in the mount for forty days, come back and was tempted. Jesus went into the wilderness forty days and was tempted. Forty days is temptation. Rained forty days, and so forth. Forty is God's number of temptation.

```
Exodus 24:18 And Moses went into the midst of the cloud, and gat him up into the mount: and Moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights.

1 Samuel 17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

1 Samuel 17:9 If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.

1 Samuel 17:16 And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days.

Mark 1:13 And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.

```
**23** And then along... Jesse went out and got his little boy, and said, "David, go over and get some bread and parched corn and so forth and go up and find out how the boys are. And get their pledge if they're still living right before God, and come on back." So David gets his little donkey, I guess, and saddles him up and throws the parched corn and bread on it, and away he went to the battle. Well, about the time he got over there into the battle, why, that morning they was all standing out--both armies scared. This big Goliath walks out there that morning with all of his great big pounds after pounds of breastplate on, his big shin guards and everything, walked out there and said--made his great boast and said, "I defy the armies of Israel." Brother, it happened to fall on the wrong ear that morning for him. There was a little fellow standing out there knowed where he was at. Amen.

```
1 Samuel 17:10 And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.

1 Samuel 17:17 And Jesse said unto David his son, Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp to thy brethren;

1 Samuel 17:18 And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their pledge.

1 Samuel 17:19 Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.

1 Samuel 17:20 And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.

```
**24** What we need tonight, somebody else who knows where they're at. What we need tonight is men and women knows their position in Jesus Christ. And when the devil makes his big boast... Sure he makes his boast. He's still making his boast. We still got Goliaths. And we still got Davids too. Thanks be to God for that. He made his big boast, and it fell on the ears of the wrong fellow. A little old fellow walking around there, he had to look up to see he's a man, like that. But he knew that he was elected by God and had the anointing upon him. He'd put God to a test that he knowed who God was. He knowed where he was standing. Now, I want you to notice how beautiful this is, to you people. We'll hurry now, because I'm just about three minutes overtime now.

**25** Notice, David was called by election. He was elected, called, anointed, and placed, see. Elected by God, called from sheepherding to be the king, anointed and positionally placed. Look. Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph; Abraham--election, Isaac--justification, and Jacob--grace, and Joseph--perfection. Nothing against Joseph. All right, there you are, called. Are you a David? Called. Elected first by God. How many Christians here? raise up your hand. You're not a Christian by your desire; you're a Christian by God's desire. Amen. "No man can come to me except my Father draws him first." You was elected by God before the foundation of the world to be a Christian. That's Scripture. Jesus said, "No man can come except my Father calls him." First thing you was elected, called. Then when God elected you, then He called you, and you heeded to His call. Then He poured the anointing oil on you, the Holy Ghost. When the cruise of oil... What does the oil represent in the Bible? Holy Spirit. When he poured the oil upon him, he baptized him with the Holy Spirit in a symbol form. Amen. I hope you get that. That just come fresh. He poured the oil upon him, just went all over him, a whole hornful of it. Amen. Not sparingly. And that's the way God pours the Holy Ghost on a man. Not sparingly; just baptizes him into it, anointing him with the Spirit. Notice, he, right then, when that anointing struck him, he was positionally placed as king. Amen. You are placed positionally in Christ Jesus as kings and priests. Is that right? The moment you receive the Holy Spirit, God places you in the kingdom, an heir. What a beautiful picture. There you are.

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**26** Abraham--election, Isaac--justification. He that's come will be justified by faith. Jacob--grace. Nothing you have done, but by God's mercy. And Joseph--perfection. Placed. Amen. David, elected, called, anointed, and placed. You elected, called, anointed, and placed in the body of Jesus Christ. "For by one Spirit we're all placed into the body of Christ." Positionally. Have you ever tried it out yet? Every man or woman in here that's a Christian knows that something's been on you all your life. When you was a child, you longed to serve God. Something beat at your heart; it was God's election.

```
1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**27** David, before anything ever happened, before he'd ever had the anointing oil on him or anything, he knew God was with him. He killed a bear, he killed a lion, with that slingshot. And he knowed that was super to an ordinary man to do that. He knew what he could do. He knew God was with him, because his whole heart beat after God. He said in the 47th Psalm, I believe or somewhere there, "As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so my soul thirsts after thee, O God." No wonder he could play the evil spirits away with his music, he had something to play about. And it come from his heart. And the devil knew that was from his heart. And he knew that David was elected of God. There he was elected, called, anointed, and positionally already king. Amen.

```
Psalm 42:1 To the chief Musician, Maschil, for the sons of Korah. As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.

```
**28** Let me drop this on the side. Don't think I'm excited, I'm not. Look, let me drop this on the side. They who have been... How many here is justified by faith, believing on the Lord Jesus Christ? Every one of you put your hands up is justified by faith. Is that right? The Scripture said, "Those who he has called, he has justified: and those who he has justified, he hath glorified." Amen. In the presence of Almighty God your name's indelibly wrote with the blood of Jesus Christ, glorified in His presence, positionally placed here on earth for a purpose, to do the will of God. Do you see your position, Christian?

```
Romans 8:30 Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.

```
**29** Oh my! Them fellows up there couldn't understand it, but David had the anointing oil on him. He knew where he was standing. Old Goliath stood out there, and he said, "Now look, let's reason. Why, there's no need of God's armies being defeated." Look at that fellow standing out there with his big boast. "Well, we know God did it, but the days of miracles is past." Not for David. He was anointed. He knowed where he was at positionally.

```
1 Samuel 17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

```
**30** You say, "Brother Branham, can I accept Christ as my healer now?" Certainly. "Well, if I'm not well in five minutes, what about it?" You're healed anyhow. If you believe it, you wouldn't ask me that question if you believed it. There's no question in your mind when you really believe it. You don't question it; you believe it. Other people might question it, but you don't question it. If you said to me, "Brother Branham, give me an oak tree." You're from down in southern Indiana where they have the big white oak and so forth. "Give me an oak tree." And I give you an acorn. Well, you've got a oak tree, potentially. It's in the seed form, but it's an oak tree; you've got it in an acorn. When we take God's Word, we got it in a seed form. When we can accept divine healing by God's Word, that settles it. Amen. It'll grow. Take the old acorn, and bury it in the ground, and stand off there, and watch her for a little while, and see what takes place. Your oak tree comes right on up with it. Because the life is in the seed; and God's Word is a seed, and it's alive. If you can just simply receive it, take it out of that Bible and say, "It means me," (Amen), then you got something. That's right. All the demons couldn't stop you from it. No matter what anybody would say, you wouldn't believe it, because you know where you're standing.

**31** David said, "You mean to tell me that you let that uncircumcised Philistine stand out there and defy the armies of the living God? Why," he said, "I'll never stand for that." And so his brother said, "I know your naughty heart; you come down to watch the battle," and so forth. And he come up to Saul. Saul said, "Bring the kid up here. Let's see what he looks like." He brought him up there, little bitty old fellow. He said, "Well, you can't fight that man. Why, he could perhaps pick you up in one hand, hold you out." He said, "But, listen, Saul." He said, "I trust the Lord. And I know, even way long ago, I took my slingshot, and I killed a lion and I killed a bear. And took the things right out--the lamb--right out of his mouth. And when he rose up why, I killed him with ... slew him." He said, "And how much more will He give that uncircumcised Philistine into my hand?"

```
1 Samuel 17:26 And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?

1 Samuel 17:28 And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.

1 Samuel 17:33 And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.

1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

1 Samuel 17:36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.

```
**32** Hallelujah! There you are. He knowed where he was standing. He was a man of faith. He believed God. God was in him. He knew he was anointed. And you know the same thing, if you're Christians. And if God hadn't elected you to be a Christian, you would not be a Christian. It's God's choice, not yours. No man seeks God. No man seeks God at any time. You haven't sought God, but God has sought you. It wasn't you calling for God, it was God calling for you. And then when God calls you, showed He elected you. You accepted the call; it was justification. Then you gave your heart to Christ and was filled with the Holy Spirit. And now you're positionally placed in the body of Christ. Now, if it made you quit your old mean habits and act like a Christian ought to, if it'll do that for you, it'll heal your body, 'cause it's a promise. Amen. There you are.

**33** Notice, David knew where he was standing. Said, "Yes, sir." He knew that God was with him. So he said, "I'll go fight the Philistine." So it's just like any other boy. As soon as he gets a calling to the ministry, they have to send him to the seminary right away, you see. And so they took Saul, and he said, "Now wait, you have to do the fighting the way we want it done here. Now, the first thing you have to do, we have to put your helmet on." I can imagine that little head of David with that big helmet slipping down over his head. Probably had to hold his head up like this to see. His eyes come over his ears. And then his big bonnet wouldn't fit him. So then Saul said, "Put on my armor." And imagine a man seven foot-something tall with a little man probably five foot and a half tall, with his armor hanging way down here, looked like a skirt on him. Could you imagine? And then with his big shield, a sword hanging to his side.

```
1 Samuel 17:32 And David said to Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:38 And Saul armed David with his armour, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.

```
**34** David got dressed up like that, with all that seminary experience, he said, "Say, I don't know nothing about this stuff. I don't know how to preach theology and all these other kind of things that you talk about, and all these fine rosary prayers." He said, "Let me go in the same trust, with the same God that delivered the lion into my hands." That's what we need tonight, brethren. I ain't got nothing against seminaries, and against high schools and, of education and so forth. But when God calls you, go. Someone talking about practicing to be a missionary for about fifteen years and sent him over to Africa. Nonsense. God calls you, go. That's all. Disciples never waited for no education; none of the rest of them that ever amounted to anything ever waited for it. God calls you, He's ready for you; get moving. The first thing you know you'd become so indoctrinated, the little part of God that's in you will be taken out.

**35** David didn't know how to fight with them kind of clothes on. Like a man trying to preach: How can you preach when you got a great big lot of stuff you have to stand and read it just as fast as you can, look up at the microphone, read it just as fast as you can. You couldn't do that, neither could I. Best thing to do is get out there and say, "Lord, here I am. What you want me to say? Tell it to me and I'll tell them about it." Amen. Don't wait and say, "Now, wait till Mr. Jones gets away from my side here, and then I'll believe, but I'll say 'Amen' and..." Say "Amen" anyhow, if God says do it. That's right. "Well, I know Miss Susie sitting over there, she lives next door to me." Live right. Live right. You ain't ashamed of your life, are you? If you are, then you need a conversion. That's right. Miss Susie would be expecting you to say "Amen," and is expecting you to believe God, and expecting you to produce what you talk about. Whew! That scorches doesn't it? But it's good for you. That's right.

**36** David knew where he was standing. He said, "Yes sir, God will deliver that uncircumcised Philistine in my hand." So he said, "Take this stuff off of me." And Saul found out that his ecclesiastical vest didn't fit a man of God. That's right. David said, "I trust this little old slingshot, so I'm going to keep right with it." I tell you, it's the Holy Ghost that saved me; I don't care what takes place. I've knowed a man that received the Holy Ghost and got out on the field just to be popular, and deny it. I know women and men that's received the Holy Ghost the old-fashioned way, and go out on the field and because just a little popularity, denied anything about it. Oh, God have mercy. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost that's brought me this far, it's baptism of the Holy Ghost take me on, that's all. Yes, sir. If it was good for me back there, it's good for me right now and will be in the hour of my death, just the same way. If it's good for you back there, it's good for you now and it'll be good for you when you're dying. Amen. Think of it.

```
1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

1 Samuel 17:39 And David girded his sword upon his armour, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.

```
**37** Here we are. David said, "Sure, I know how to trust this slingshot." So he goes out there and gets his ... gets ready to go fight. Now, I imagine Saul said, "Now, if that fellow has refused my instructions and how to go, and my train ... my ability to train men and what kind of armors they have to have before they become a missionary or whatever it is." Said, "Wonder what in the world that kid's going to do?" So I see David out there looking along, picking him up some rocks. Would you imagine, a country boy right, picking him up some rocks. Pulled out his little old slingshot and unwound it like that. He said, "Well, wonder what he's going to do with this?" He picks him up five little stones, five little stones. And he puts them down in his little satchel here on his side. It's a little... Really what it is, the Scripture said it was a scrip bag. You know what they carried in that scrip bag? As I've oftentimes said: Shepherds usually carried honey in the scrip bag. And when one of their sheep got sick, they got some of this honey and put it on a rock. Just melted it and poured it out on the rock like that. And here come the sheep along, and he liked that sweet stuff, and he'd go to licking on this limestone rock; and when he licked all the honey off, he got the limestone, and it healed the sick sheep. So now I've got a whole scrip bag full of honey here, and I'm going to put it on the Rock Christ Jesus, and you sick sheep get to licking right quick, and you'll find out there'll be some healing take place. That's right. And we won't put it on any church, any denomination; we'll put it where it belongs, on Jesus Christ, the Rock--where all healing belongs, on the Rock, Christ Jesus.

**38** And, so then he had a little scrip bag. And not only that, but the scrip bag really, in one pocket of it carries money. The word scrip means "money." And so he carries money in there. What is that? The money is a purchase of power. Here's God's scrip bag. Each traveler ... or, shepherd out there has a scrip bag. So now if you want something out of there, some purchasing power, if you're sick, reach down here and let's see what I got in the scrip bag. "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." All right, take it out. It's a power that buys. "Whatsoever thou believest when you pray, believe you receive what you ask for." If you desire it, pray and believe you get it, you shall have it. That's in the scrip bag. No wonder he put the rocks in there; a good place for the rocks, wasn't it? Those rocks, little rocks. We are rocks that's in that scrip bag, rolled up in honey, wrapped up in script. My, my! And the Shepherd, Christ Jesus, who never lost a battle, the Shepherd of the sheep is packing the church tonight in His own glorious protection. Amen.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**39** Took five rocks. What does five represent? Five stones, one of them was a J, the other one was a E-S-U-S, Jesus, five stones. And you are stones, in this stone Christ Jesus. And he put them down in his little scrip bag so they'd get covered all over with honey. And not only that, but they'd be endued with power from on high. When God can ever get the church together again in one accord so He can endue it with power from on high. Power, what? To believe His Word, to make it come to pass. And here he was with all the little honey balls wrapped up now in this scrip bag. And here, and all this honey had been in there, and all this script had been in there. David laid the rocks in there, and he looked over to see where Goliath was standing. Each one of you tonight are a David.

```
1 Samuel 17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

```
**40** And when David went to meet Goliath, Goliath looked at him and laughed, and said, "What am I, a dog? you coming out to meet me like that, a little old ruddy-looking boy?" He was ruddy, little. You know what Saul called him? Said, "Who is this stripling?" That's what Saul said. "Who is that stripling out there?" Just a little old kid like, you know, little old sissy looking fellow, probably shoulders stooped over, and here he come with this little sling, but he knowed God, that's the main thing. He was a believer. He was elected. He was called. He was anointed. And he was placed. Hallelujah! No matter where you're just...

```
1 Samuel 17:42 And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.

1 Samuel 17:43 And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods.

1 Samuel 17:56 And the king said, Inquire thou whose son the stripling is.

```
**41** You say, can that... "Well, Brother Branham, I wasn't called to be a preacher." You might be called to be a housewife, but you got your position in Christ Jesus by the Holy Ghost. Amen. You're just as much David as the rest of them was.

**42** The battle's on, the Philistines are standing there. Goliath made his charge. Watch him go down. So here goes David. He reaches down and looks out there, and he looked Goliath up and down like that. But beyond Goliath he saw the victory, because he trusted in God. He thought, How much more dangerous that lion is than Goliath. That's a wild beast. I trusted God to direct this shot of mine right straight to the head of that beast, and I can trust God to direct this shot here. For I killed the lion to save one sheep. That's right. God let me save the sheep, because I had faith that He would save that sheep. God give us some Davids for the sheep's sake. Right. He said, "Then if He's concerned about His sheep, how much more is He about the entire army of the living God. And I'll not let that boaster and bragger come out there, 'Divine healing is past. I'll debate it with you anywhere.'" Oh my! You'll meet a David one of these days. All right.

```
1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

```
**43** So he rushed out there and he mocked him and cursed him in the name of his gods and said, "I'll give your flesh to the birds today and to the beasts of the field." David said, "You meet me as a Philistine in the name of a Philistine, with an armor, and with a spear, and all your psychology and theology and everything else you got over there." But said, "I meet you with one thing: in the name of the Lord God of Israel." Hallelujah! "Not I will, but He this day will give me your head." Amen. "And I'll throw your bodies, all you Philistines on the field, for the wild animals and the birds to pick on."

```
1 Samuel 17:44 And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.

1 Samuel 17:45 Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.

1 Samuel 17:46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.

```
**44** He knowed where he was at. Hallelujah! Every David sitting here tonight, you're positionally in Christ. God has confirmed it. Election, calling, anointing, placing. He elected you and called you. He elected you and called you. Then He anointed you with the Holy Spirit, and now He's placed you in the body of Christ, each one of these Davids. Where's the Goliath? "Who's the Goliath, Brother Branham?" That cancer's eating you up. That's right. That tumor that's hanging on you. Them cataracts on your eyes, that crippled arm. Everything looks at it and says, "It can't be done." The devil says, "You might as well quit believing. You might as well settle down, because you can never no more get well. Your doctor said so, all of the rest of them said so. You can't get well." But the Christ that made you stop your drinking, smoking, lying, stealing, that saved you from a life of drunkenness, from rowdying, from sin and a devil's grave, if God can do that for you, He can save you from your TB and from your cancer. He's a Goliath, don't take his boast. Stand in the name of the Lord Jesus and challenge him to a showdown. Amen! Hallelujah! I feel religious. Positionally in Christ. If the believer knowed his position, he'd have it. God's great Spirit is here and His Holy Ghost is ready to fall on anybody that will believe it. Do you believe it? Amen. God has promised it. God will do it. You're in Christ.

**45** Goliath's bragging. Goliath says, "You see, you was here last night and didn't get healed. You was at the other meeting, didn't get healed." Who is that uncircumcised devil? Who is that devil that has no relationship with God at all? Who is that devil that stands with nothing but a defeated thing behind him? His master was defeated at Calvary by our Lord and our conqueror. Hallelujah! He's a bluff. That's all. We won't believe him anymore. Down with him. Jesus Christ robbed Satan of everything he had. He spoiled principalities and powers and dominions. His domain reigns over the heavens and earth, and we're the subjects of His domain. Hallelujah! My! That puts him where he belongs. The devil down there, and Christ the victor. You're Davids. You're called, elected, anointed, positionally put in the body of Jesus Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Goliath, you're defeated. Amen! He's defeated tonight. Hallelujah! Shall we pray.

**46** Heavenly Father, feeling that Spirit moving, O Lord, seems as though you could walk out in midair to feel Your Spirit anointing this audience. How we love You, how we praise You. Glory to Your name. I pray God of heaven tonight, that You'll anoint this audience with such power like they have never felt in this building before, or any time in life. And may every one of these children, like David was, called. Father, they have to be called. Your beloved Son, the Lord Jesus, said, "No man can come to me except my Father calls him." God said He called them because He elected them so. Then we are elected. Then they have been called. And they have answered the call. And You have poured out the anointing of the Holy Ghost upon them and baptized them into the body of Christ positionally. They are the little stones in the big stone. Hallelujah!

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**47** Then the devil standing there trying to bluff them. Well, Lord God, take charge of their Spirit tonight and may we cut every Philistine to the walls. Hallelujah! May Jesus Christ the great immaculate Son of God, the great Chief David, come tonight with His power and cut away every unbelief, cut the shackles of blackness from over the people. May that great Holy Ghost Light flood this building with His presence. May this be a night like we have never seen before. Grant it Almighty God, for Your glory, in the name of Your Son, for His glory, and Your glory, the glory of heaven and all the holy angels. And then, Father, may they be healed for Jesus' sake. Amen.

**48** My! David after he chopped off the head of Goliath, you know what he done? He held up that head, put his foot on his dead body and held it up for a testimony to the rest of them. "See what you can do," he said. That's right. Have faith in God. And in here the other night and that poor little woman from Mayo Brothers, probably sitting here tonight, they done all they could do. Couldn't even find out what was the matter with her. They come to here. The devil said, "I got you." "But faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word." She believed God. She chopped off the head of that devil, hung it up before you and said, "See, I was bound in that cot; and here I am now, so happy I can't even sleep." That's right.

```
1 Samuel 17:51 Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**49** How about the thousands across the country today? Some of you sitting here, I get your letters where you were blind and bedridden. When I was here the last time, you walked in with the sword of the faith and chopped off the head of that Goliath, you're holding up tonight for a testimony. What did the rest of the army see? When they seen it could be done, they said, "We can do it too, for we are Israelites also." And you're, every one, God's children, and got a right to the blessing. "Pull the sword now, let's go forth and slay these Goliaths out of here." They strewed their dead bodies plumb to the valleys up over the hillsides to the gates. Sure. You can do it too. It's yours. It's for you. It's all, it's for every believer.

**50** Don't leave this building tonight without having the Holy Spirit cut away that old blind shackle that stands there. Throw the thing away. Say, "I believe God," and walk out of here like a man, or a woman, a child of God with the victory and the morning star leading you, marching like on to glory. Sure. The devil raise up and say, "Well, I thought I had you." Say, "I told you you didn't." Walk right on. That's it. Come back up at the next meeting, shake that old head of that old devil that had you bound, say, "Looky here. You remember me? I was the person that was up there, I was the person sitting here and the doctor said I couldn't live but a few days longer. Here I am yet tonight." Hallelujah! Then somebody say, "You know, if she can do it, I can too, so I'll trust Him." Amen. Don't know what's the matter tonight. Oh, how the Holy Spirit likes to get into a bunch of people like this now. If you could only realize where you're at. Only reali... Not say, in this building, you're in Christ. Positionally everything's yours. It's all yours; it belongs to you. Do you now believe? Let's raise our hands as we sing one chorus as the brother gives the key on the organ. Not, "Lord, I believe," but, "Right now, I believe." Everyone with their hands up. Give it then. Everybody now. All right. Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible, now I believe; Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible, now I believe.

**51** Oh, how marvelous. If we'd say, "Dismiss the audience, and shake each other's hands and go home," I believe there'd be many, many healings here tonight. Sure, I believe it with all my heart. Now, if there'd happen to be somebody here for the first time, maybe weak in faith, doesn't understand, we'll call a prayer line. Pray for some of the people that you might see. What did Jesus say back there? What was the promise He give? Just like He give to David. He said, "The things that I do shall you also." He said, "I don't do nothing till I see the Father do it. Whatever the Father shows me, that I do."

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**52** The woman walked to Him, begin to talk to Him, He said... After He'd talked to her a little while, said ... He found her trouble, said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "That's right, you got five." She said, "You're a prophet." Said, "I know when Messiah cometh, He'll do that. That's the sign of the Messiah." Said, "I am He that speaks with you."

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

```
**53** Little old Philip went out there and he'd just got saved and he was having the best time; the kingdom of God was in his heart, he was rejoicing. He went to find his buddy, he looked all around, he went over to the country where he come from. He said, "Say..." He found Nathanael out there under a tree praying, under the fig tree a praying, out behind his house maybe, somewhere. Perhaps Mrs. Nathanael said, when he went up, said... Philip said, "Where is Nathanael?" Said, "He walked out to the fig orchard a while ago." So here comes, walking along looking, Philip looking for Nathanael. And there was Nathanael out there under the tree praying. He heard him coming up, and he raised up, and he said, "Why, hello, Philip, where you been?" Said, "Oh, come here I want to tell you something." Said, "I found somebody." Said, "You know what the Scriptures said in the days of this day, what would take place? Jesus of Nazareth," said, "the son of Joseph is out here, and signs and wonders are with him, and we know that he comes from God." Said, "Where did you say he was from?" He said, "Nazareth." He said, "Well, could any good thing come out of Nazareth?" Said, "Come, go with me. Just don't ask no more. Come, go find out." Seeing is believing, you think.

```
John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

```
**54** So he walks up, and he went walking up with ... here went Philip and Nathanael walking along. Jesus standing like this, and they'd walked up into the audience. After awhile Jesus looked around over the audience, He seen Philip standing over there and seen Nathanael standing there with a lot of curiosity, you know, He thought... You know, they'd maybe seen Him heal somebody or something, he said, "You know I kind of believe that." Maybe some woman come up and He said, "Now lady, you're possessed with certain, certain diseases, and if thou canst believe." All right, she accepts it. Now, I can hear Nathanael say, "Now, what about that? Now, wait a minute. I bet He wouldn't know about me." And He looked around and said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there is no guile." He said, "How did you know me, Rabbi?" "Oh," He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree." He said, "Thou art the Son of God. Thou art the King of Israel."

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**55** Here come Simon walking up, you know, like that, He said, "Why, you're Simon, the son of Bar Jonas ... or, of Jonas." He said, "But from henceforth you'll be called Cephas ... or, Peter," I mean. Said, "You're Cephas, which..." Said, "But you will be called Peter from now on which means 'little stone,'" see. How did He know him? What did He know about his name? Why, He knew his name, knew where he was from. Then He passed by a lot of crippled people. He went over to a man healed him, (down in Saint John 5) laying on a pallet, and left all them cripples there. Well, that was questionable. The Jews found this man packing his bed on the Sabbath, so they questioned Jesus, Well, He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in himself, but what He sees the Father doing: whatever the Father doeth He showeth His Son, and the Son doeth that likewise. The Father worketh, and the Son worketh hitherto," see. He said, "I don't do nothing myself. I can't do nothing; but what I see the Father doing, that I do likewise."

```
John 1:42 And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**56** Now, that's Jesus of yesterday. That's Jesus of today. That's the very God of David, for He was the root and the offspring of David. Is that right? He was the morning star. Is that right? He was A to Z, that's "Alpha" and "Omega" in the Greek alphabet. A to Z, Alpha, Omega, the beginning and the ending. He which was, which is now, and shall come. The root, the offspring of David. Oh my! The wonderful, counselor, mighty God, Prince of peace, everlasting Father, all dwells in Him. As Brother Ekberg says, "All God's fullness dwelleth in Him", that's right, in his song, "Down From His Glory." We're going to miss Brother Ekberg. God bless his heart. I love him. His singing does something to the meeting. I know he's a true man. God be with him is my prayer, till we get to meet again.

**57** Now, I don't know whether Billy give out... Did you give out prayer cards? What's ... B's. All right. Where did you ... 1 to a 100? Well, let's take the first... Let's begin at one then. B number 1. Who has... Now, last night we had a prayer line out in the audience without anybody coming to the platform. And tonight we'll just try bringing some up, just won't be... Who has B number 1, raise your hand. Prayer card B number 1? [Blank spot in tape]

**58** You remember, from the testimony? One of them was put your hand on the people. I do not feel the presence, but I maybe find this other way and then can talk to the lady a little later on maybe, or something. If it's a disease, why, I'll be able to know it; if not, I won't. Will you be in prayer? How do you do, lady? I suppose we're strangers to each other. I do not know you, never seen you in my life. Is that right? We're perfectly strangers. I just want to take hold of your hand, just for a moment, just put... Yes, ma'am, you... It's not a spiritual condition, it's a physical condition. And what it is, is a tumor. It's a growth. Now, see, I could pick that up... Let me show you something. Look at my hand. It looks just like any man's hand, doesn't it? Now, I'm going to put my hand on that hand. No difference is there? Now, let me... Just put your pocketbook over here on this side. Let me have this hand over here, put this hand on my hand. No difference is there? All right, now change again, back this way, just to show you what the Holy Spirit... Now, put your hand on mine now. Now, look at it. Look at my hand here. Swelling, little bumps running all over it. Is that right? Now, just move your hand off, take your hand off. And I'll put my hand on it. Now, it isn't, is it? See, look on this one here, see. It's not again. Now, let's place this hand here, your right hand, on my left, and watch what takes place now. Look at my hand. See there? See it swelling, see them little white things running over it? That shows you got a disease. It's a germ, it's some other life in you that's not ... it's not your life, see. It's another life. There's a life in you.

**59** Now, let's talk just for a few minutes to see if the Holy Spirit will diagnose where it's at. See if He'll tell me. If He doesn't... I know it's a tumor, I know that's what it is; I can tell the way it pulls, it's a tumor. Is that right, that much? You just answer me. That's right, it's a tumor. All right. Now, maybe, now that's one gift work, you see. Now, if the Holy Spirit will grant to me, that, I cannot say. But if He will, will tell me where it is, where the tumor is... Yes, sir, the tumor's in the breast. Isn't that right? Now, He's here, see. That's right. You live here in Chicago. [Sister says, "I do."] And your name is Mrs. A. Erickson. ["That's right."] And you live at an address, (I see you going in) it's called ... it's 1653 Mead Street, is that true? ["That's right."] Now, go home and get well. Have faith. Don't doubt. Have faith in God.

**60** All right now. How do you do? Are we strangers, sir? Are you believing there, my brother? Have faith. Let's have your hand a minute, sir. Between you and I stands a light. You have weakness, it's true, but you're here for something else, a greater thing than yours. Just a man your age should have a little kidney trouble and prostate making you nervous at night and getting up and so forth. You have that. But there's something else, because it just keeps moving, pulling to me. Isn't that right? You're wanting... You believe God can reveal to me what's your troubles? You believe that with all your heart? If He will, will you accept it whatever it is, no matter if it's to move away, if it's to get a new home, or it's whatever it is, you believe if your desire is great enough and standing in His presence, if He'll reveal to me what you're... I couldn't heal you, I couldn't give you what you're after, but God can. Do you believe that? And I can only act as His servant. Is that right? It's someone you're here for that's close to you. It's a ... it's a son. It's your boy. And that boy has something wrong with his eyes. "Astigmatism," the doctor said. The boy's not with you, he's at home. The boy has some kind of spells. It's epilepsy. And he's just kind of little bit mental retarded. Isn't that right. You believe you're going to receive what you ask for? All right, then go home and lay your hand on the child and receive in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**61** Believe God. [Gap in the audio.] Bow your head just a minute. The woman's got a deaf spirit on her. Certainly. Bow your heads just a minute. Great Jehovah God, who made the heavens and earth, all things in them is. I do not know how bad this woman is, her ears are, but Thou art here and can heal her. I pray that You'll grant it. And make Thy Spirit to come upon her now and make her well. I now ask that this devil that binds her in the form of deafness, "Come out of the woman. I charge thee by the Lord Jesus Christ, leave her." You hear me now, do you? Can you hear me? Not only that that you might know now, your hearing's to you. You had female trouble also, didn't you? It's gone from you. You accept that, do you? It seems strange about you. You're... Between you and I is rolling green waters. You've come from some ... you've come... You ... you're a missionary. And you've come here from... You're from China. You was ministering to yellow people, Chinese. And you're wanting to ask me a question. And you're wanting to ask me whether you should think about going back or not. That's true. Now, you believe that you're going to go back normally and be well? Go on your road rejoicing. God be with you. Have faith.

**62** Yes, sir. Stomach trouble, very bad, seriously. Let me have your hand again. Oh, yes. Very bad stomach trouble. Only God can save you now. Do you believe it? How would I know you had stomach trouble by putting my hand on yours? That's exactly right, my brother. Do you believe you're going to get well? Your first name's Allen, isn't it? Your last name's Grubbs. Isn't that right? God bless you. You come from Waukegan, Illinois. Go back and eat your supper. Female trouble. Do you believe you're going to get well? Want to ask you something. When you left the chair back there a few minutes ago, something happened, didn't it? Now, go ahead home, rejoice, and going, thanking God, being happy.

**63** Ladies' trouble, arthritis, many things wrong. You believe that Jesus Christ will make you well? I believe it too, my sister. Heavenly Father, I bless this woman in the name of the Lord Jesus. And now, may the Holy Ghost go to her, and may the blessing that she's asked for be granted, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go on your road rejoicing.

**64** Do you believe? Between you and I comes blood streaming, it's turning white. Well, the cause of that, you've got diabetes. And diabetes is running you blind. You believe you're going home to be cured of diabetes and get your sight? You believe you're standing, not in your brother's presence, but His presence? I bless thee, my brother, and drive this thing away from you, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go happy, rejoicing, believing with all your heart. What if I told you, you were healed when you was sitting right there in a chair, would you believe with all your heart? God bless you is my prayer.

**65** How do you do, sir? You believe me to be... Be reverent, everyone, just a moment. You're here for somebody. It's your wife. There's something wrong in her back. It's a spinal trouble. That woman's got arthritis in her back, sitting right there, right back there with the pink looking waist on. Yes. But it's not your wife. But you got arthritis in your back and I could see you standing, your face full, and the lady sitting next to you there has arthritis also. And the lady right behind you has arthritis, the lady in the white. Is that right, lady? Stand up, all three of you. God bless you. That's what that demon was pulling at, you see. You're going to find your wife different. Don't have no trouble. And you've got a rectal trouble, haven't you? Go believing God now and be well, my brother. I bless thee in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you.

**66** Diabetes is a bad thing. But Jesus Christ is a healer. Do you believe it? You accept it? Then in the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. Have faith. The colored lady sitting right back there with the little red dress on, seems like it's holding over her. You got a prayer card, lady? You haven't, or have you? You haven't got a prayer card. The lady right back there with glasses on, you don't have a prayer card. Stand up just a minute if you don't. Do you believe with all your heart? You do, with all your heart? Believe Jesus Christ will heal you? You're fixing for an operation. You knowed that, didn't you? Got a ruptured appendix. Isn't that right? But Jesus Christ will make you well if you believe it. Lay your hand over on that lad ... that man sitting in front of you there, because he's suffering with a nervous trouble, sitting out there, right there. Lord Jesus, I condemn the devil that's rebuked. In Jesus Christ's name, leave them. Amen. Amen.

**67** Bring the lady. Oh, children of the living God, don't you realize that your Lord Jesus is here? Not your brother, but your Savior. Have faith. We're strangers, lady. That is true. Bow your head just a moment. Lord, in the name of Your Son, Jesus, take away this spirit of deafness from the woman that she can hear good and plain again. Almighty Father, I rebuke this devil in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Just a moment. Just want to test your hearing. Can you hear me all right now? Can you hear me now? You're hard of hearing. I want to ask you something. Do you believe the service tonight? Now, I could let the woman go on. But something keeps moving me to her. There's something different. Let's see your hand just a minute. Do you believe me to be His servant? ["Yes."] Do you believe that the secrets of all hearts is disclosed before God, that He knows all about it? ["I know it."] You believe that Jesus Christ is standing here, the One that gave me this suit of clothes and is wearing it tonight? As far as healing, He's already healed you. But He would know what you're... That deep something on you that's making you desire. Yeah. You had something wrong in the stomach. It was a growth. Is that right? It's dead. It's gone from you. I keep seeing a little boy that's standing by you, something. Oh, it's a little boy. You've got a little boy with you. But it's not your boy. It's your little nephew. That's right. He can't... You can't send him to school, because he's got bad tonsils. Isn't that right? Go lay that handkerchief on him. He'll get well.

**68** Do you believe? Let's receive the Lord Jesus right now. Where are you at? Elected, called, anointed, placed in Christ, sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Do you now believe? Rise up to your feet then, receive your healing, every one of you. O God of heaven, I rebuke every demon in Jesus Christ's name. Come out of them in the name of Jesus Christ.
