---
Date: 1955-11-15
Title: Blind Bartimaeus
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the Tent Meeting in San Fernando, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 39 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Blind Bartimaeus



**1** Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," in this way, for that wonderful song. Isn't that the truth? When Jesus comes, all things are changed then, aren't they? Gloom is all gone---darkness. And we're just so happy that Jesus has promised that wherever two or three were gathered together in His name, that He would come. So, we know that He will be here tonight---is already here---because we have gathered in His name. Every night, after about twelve o'clock, when I kind of get around to myself good... Someone tells me (my boy or my wife, one), " You held too long tonight, Billy. Them people are working people. You see how many is coming. It's awful cold in that tent." So, I'm going to try to get out a little early if I can. So, you pray with me, and pray for me, and I'll do the very best I can to hurry up tonight.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**2** Well, I'm so thankful. We're missing one cot and one wheelchair tonight (Praise be to God; that's good.) from last night. I trust it be your night tonight, sister, and your night too, sister, tonight, that you won't have to be in the wheelchair or cot tomorrow night. And I trust that neither one of you all... You'll be sitting back in the audience back there tomorrow night, or in your own church or wherever you go.

**3** Now, to these new converts that's just been converted in the meeting, don't just lay dormant. You get some good church to go to. Look around here. If you're from this valley, and the vicinities around here somewhere, look at these pastors that comes here, on the platform, and helping us in the meeting. They believe in this kind of ministry. So, you go to their church and tell them that you want to become a member there. And if I was in this neighborhood somewhere, or around close to them, I'd be a member of their church, 'cause I appreciate them. And they set theirself right up here on the platform, at night, to let everybody know that what they believe in. And if you're out of town, from some other place, find you a good church somewhere, a good church that preaches the Gospel and believes in divine healing. Now, if you're...

**4** I don't know too many churches up this way. I know some down the other way. I know of the Angelus Temple; very fine church. That's right in Los Angeles. And I know Dr. Teford, and Rolf McPherson, and Dr. Cummings, and all those very fine brothers; very fine church. The Foursquare people are very fine. If you live around the Temple, why, just remember that. I have meetings for them all over the country; Brother Beard from over in the West. There's a very good friend of mine. And I had their conventions and so forth. Very fine people. And Rolf McPherson, I think, is just one of the finest men that I've ever met; very fine man.

**5** Then there's Brother O. L. Jaggers from the World church down there, another fine man. I've had meetings for him, and we've had great fellowship there. Now, there's a little contention between them churches, but don't let that bother you. They're... That's all right; they're brothers. They're all right; all fine men, every one of them. That's right. They have to have a little contention one time to ... well, they kind of think their competitors, to kind of keep them spiritual. If they just don't let it go no farther than that, it'll be all right. But I just love Brother Jaggers, and I love Brother Teford, and Brother McPherson, and all them. They've all been very dear brothers to me. And I love them all. So, their little contentions, why, that's all right. That just happens in families even, you know. And so, God's family don't run any smoother, looks like, from the rest of us. So, they're all right; both of them. They're fine, all of them. They're fine fellows.

**6** And I believe there's a Brother A. A. Allen holding a revival way down somewhere in Los Angeles down there. I hardly know the man. I've heard of him, but I don't know him. But He's a brother that's holding healing services. And if there's any down around in that part, why... 'Course, Brother Allen is an evangelist, like myself. He doesn't have any certain church. And then there's a Brother Leroy Kopp down there that has a church. And I know him real well; a very fine Christian brother. And, oh, there's just plenty of good churches around through here you can go to. So, be sure, of all them fine churches, you ought to find one somewhere. And find you a church home, and go in and tell them that you want to become a member of their body of believers.

**7** And then remember, then go to the other churches and have fellowship with them, too. Don't never turn anybody down as a Christian. No matter if he's not a Pentecostal, or if he's a Baptist, or Methodist. Remember, he's your brother anyhow, see. That's right. Stay right with it. If you don't feel that way, then you ought to come back, see. That's right. You ought to come back, because you just didn't go quite far enough, you know. If you just...

**8** I was telling the other day of a Methodist brother, friend of mine. And we had a lot of fellowship together. And he used to pastor the Methodist church in New Albany. And we were both born down in Kentucky. I was born over in one holler and he was over in the other. That's about the way we have our directions down there. And so... And I called him Brother Lum. His name was Edwards. And so, if I got a convert... He said, "Now, Brother Billy," he said, "my father and mother were Methodist, and therefore I just can't go for immersing. I want you to sprinkle me." Now, he'd never make me a good member up there. So, I said, "I tell you what. I've got one of the finest brothers down in New Albany, see, just below me, three miles, and he's got a... He's a pastor of a real spiritual Methodist church." I said, "He's a fine man." I said, "It's kind of dry; not much water around there." But I said, "I tell you, you ought to go down to him. I'll take you down to him." That was my convert that wanted to become a Methodist. If he had one that wanted to be a Baptist, and wanted to really get immersed, he'd say, "Well now, you'll never make me a good member, but I got a good friend up in Jeffersonville, at the tabernacle, named Billy. I tell you, Billy will drown you. He will just hold you till every bubble quits [unclear word] , but he's a fine boy." So, that's the kind of fellowship we had. I'd throw off on him and say, "It's awful dry down there at his place, 'cause he hasn't got much water down in New Albany, you know." And so he'd say it was so wet up there that I'd drown him. But we had fellowship: Methodist and Baptist. And I'd go down and preach for him; he'd come up preach for me. Now, if Methodist and Baptist do that, surely these others can do it. That's right. So, we're all brothers in Christ Jesus. You believe that? Amen. That's wonderful.

**9** Now, we're going to open His Word. And I'm going to lay this watch of mine out here so I know I won't go too long, see. Now, Honey, don't you bawl me out after this service, you see. I'm going to time myself tonight, if I possibly can. Now... Oh, she don't bawl me out, bless her heart. I'm just saying that. She just tells me, "Now, Billy, you know them's working people and they have to hurry." And I know what it is. That's right. So, let's be in prayer; every one very prayerfully. And remember, just a few more nights now, we'll have to leave California, your lovely city here ... or, lovely state, and go back to Louisiana. I go from here to a meetings up in Louisiana and maybe pretty soon back overseas again in a great long journey overseas. So, shall we just speak to the Author now before we read His Word.

**10** Now, heavenly Father, we come to Thee humbly in the name of Thy beloved Child, the Lord Jesus, to give Thee thanks and praise for all that Thou has done for us. This little journey of a few years of fellowshipping with Thee; how our hearts are made happy because that we have seen You save sinners and fill them with Thy Holy Spirit, make ministers of the Gospel out of them; take prostitutes from the streets, make real genuine ladies. Oh, how we thank Thee for that! See You take those bedridden cases, when Your beloved doctors have just give them up and said, "There's nothing more can be done; they are going to die," and see You raise them right up to perfect, healthy people. We're so thankful for this, Father, and we can hardly express it with human words. But just receive the adoration of our hearts as we pour out our souls to You in thanksgiving. And now, Father, won't You open Your Word to us tonight and come and abide with us a while? And save all that's not saved, and fill those with the Holy Spirit who is in lack of it tonight. And we pray also, Father, that You will heal every sick person that's in our midst.

**11** So happy to hear the testimonies of last night of what You did. And I pray that, if it's possible, You'd give us a double portion tonight and just heal everybody that's in divine presence. For we ask it in Jesus' name, Thy Son. Amen. Now remember, the basis of the meeting... It hardly works. And one day, as you all know from a vision, you from down around Los Angeles, that one day this ministry will... I will stop it in America, see. And then... I can't now because when people come, it just keeps working. But, one day it's going to stop, when a little lady will be at the platform wearing a brown dress, with a baby on her arm. And she'll have dark hair, and the baby be dressed in a white blanket. And that will be the end of this type of ministry for me in America until the Lord Jesus calls for that. But it'll be overseas, you see. In here I'll just call the people and run prayer lines and pray for them. The American people, it's so hard for them to see. They've had so much in the name of supernatural, they kind of stand back, doubt it. They can't help it.

**12** The American people are so indocumated. You see, one says, "Well, Doctor Jones says that's hypnotism." "Well, my pastor said he was a fanatic." "Well, I tell you, my pastor said it was the devil." "Well, my pastor don't know what to think about it," see. And they're shepherds. And it's all right. They're ... see. But what you're doing, you're basing your conclusion on their decision. You've got your own decision to make, see. So what it is... One thing ... one thing in the realm of supernatural like that can happen in India, and every thing's there will get up and be healed. I've seen one man walk to the platform in Africa (Well, they led him with a chain around his neck, brought him up to the platform like that.), and that man was told what tribe he came from, by the Holy Spirit. And a Mohammedan had just passed through, had done the same thing: told her what doctor she went to, and all about it. And them people just weeping. Every Mohammedan there nearly come to Christ right at that time. But this native was healed and made well and was told of those things. Thirty thousand converts come to Christ and twenty-five thousand definite healings taken place in one minute's time. They even taken trucks and backed up to get the crutches, and old cots, and wheelchairs, and sticks, and clubs that they had walked with, to pack them away from the grounds.

**13** And over a year from then, the Durban paper packed an article about the meetings, and said that one tribe, the Swazis up there, that they taken ... I forget how many truck loads of firearms, and watches, and things that they had stole. They absolutely sold out. They wanted no more to do with sin. And you didn't have to tell the people that's sitting there as naked as they could be; men, women, and all. You didn't have to tell them to put on clothes; just let them find Christ. It'll put on... Looks like their kind of losing sight of Him in America, doesn't it? That's right. But it's so heathen.

**14** This sounds awful flat. A lady sitting not as far hardly as this lady in a wheelchair sitting, gave birth to a baby, just sitting right there, and just picked him up. And that was all of it, see. And they don't notice that, up in the tribes. But those simple people, they never question. They don't question. They see something done, that settles them, every one of them. Just tell them, and they'll ever one get up and leave their... Some might maybe can't walk, and he's trying to make a step. And first thing you know, there he goes running. Here come another one this way. And he sees that one going, and away he goes. And then, first thing you know, it's just one great big conglomeration. That's all of it. That's all you have to say. It's all over then. And then I made my altar call and thirty thousand raw heathens that had never knowed anything about Jesus Christ, accepted Him at one time and broke their idols on the ground till it looked like a dust storm around where they had been. But the Americans, we in America, oh, we wonder: Now it isn't just exactly... He don't belong to my church. And I don't know about that now. I tell you. I'm a pretty smart person. I've got an education. You'd be better off if you didn't have it, if that's the way you're doing it. That's right. Well, we just have to put up with those things. We're a great civilization, but I'm afraid we're at the end.

**15** All right. In the book, in the 18th chapter of Saint Luke, and the 35th verse, just for a reading, and just a few moments' talk. And I'm going to watch my clock here; and as soon as it says nine o'clock, we're just going to quit and start the prayer line so we can be away by nine thirty, if possible. 35th verse now of the 18th chapter of Saint Luke. And it came to pass, ... as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the wayside begging: May the Lord add His blessings to His Word.

```
Luke 18:35 And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:

```
**16** We're all acquainted with this Scripture. And at nighttime like this, you don't try to preach, because the anointing... I've been all in the afternoon praying just for anointing to see the visions are near. And then when I come in here and I get all to preaching, then, the first thing you know, that leaves away. And then you have an awful time. So, I just have to talk a little while, to kind of get the feel of the crowd and get them all settled down; and every spirit---not the people so much as it is the spirit---quieten down. Then you can start the prayer line, see.

**17** And now, let's be thinking on this scene tonight. Back... This was just at the ending of Jesus' ministry. Last night we were talking of the beginning, how that God had given him a vision to leave and go away. Then, because his friend was going to die, and God was going to show His power through His Son, Christ, to raise this man up. Now, tonight we're going to approach from another angle: at the end of His ministry. And He had done many miracles around over the country, though it was then like it is today. No matter how many miracles would be done, there's still people who would not believe. And so, our scene opens tonight on a very sad affair. It's a blind man and he's sitting, crunched over.

**18** Let's imagine as we... Let's take it in a drama affair. And let's imagine that the sun is going down. It's after three o'clock in the afternoon, perhaps. And the great high walls of Jericho... Why, this blind man is crunched down along the side of these walls. And he was a beggar, we're told. And his name was blind... His name was Bartimaeus. Many of you pronounce it "Bartimaeus." Either way would be all right. And he was... His odds... Perhaps he had a lot of difficult making a living. And we're taught by historians that he was a married man, had a family. But he had a hard time making a living, because he begged, and there was lots of beggars in them days. There was... Lepers was beggars. Oh, that horrible plague of leprosy. No one hardly can pass by it without having a funny feeling. I've seen them. I used to think that leprosy was contagious, that you could catch it, but you can't catch leprosy one from another. I've hugged them and kissed them, and everything else. So, you can't catch leprosy from one another. It's caused by a diet. And I've had lepers with nothing but just pegs for arms like that, wadding their little pegs around, trying to hug me in the prayer line and things. Poor old women on the streets and... Sometime leprosy eat toes till they just stand up like a big wart, about that big; real white, But just... Oh, horrible-looking sights of leprosy. What a horrible thing it is to have! Medical science has no remedy for it yet. And it's a very horrible thing. Not a painful thing, but it's a... It's so pathetic to see some one that's got their hands dropped off and so forth, and maybe part of their face and their ears eat off with leprosy. And it's white looking. A very horrible sight. And there was many lepers in those days and they... The people would have to come out of a morning. Maybe a man who could afford to give a man a coin, maybe, the first man he met, he give him a coin. That settled it for the day. He couldn't give every one, because beggars were on every hand: blind beggars, and lame beggars, and there were lepers, and all kinds of afflictions that just laid around begging. That was the scenes that our Lord saw while He was here on earth.

**19** In the oriental ... in the orient, rather, it hasn't changed very much. I've been in the orient, and see the astrologers, the wise men, set on the street, gazing up. And just about like it was when Jesus came; still wearing their loin cloth and turbans on their heads and so forth; always inquisitive and wanting to ask questions and talk about supernatural things and so forth. And so, this poor old blind man, sitting there, perhaps in the fall of the year, and maybe he was wondering how he was ever going to get his winter's money. It gets pretty cool down there. And he was sitting by the side of the road begging. Maybe he would eat today, and tomorrow he couldn't eat. Maybe the next day he couldn't eat, and then get enough to get it again. I remember in Bombay ... I will never forget when we got in there. There was Bombay, India---really a needy place. You know that they just got their freedom back by bankruptcy a few ... about five or six years ago.

**20** And it's four hundred and seventy million people in India, but there's many, many millions of them that are beggars. They lay on the street like cordwood, right in Bombay. And I remember after the first night... And the people knowed where we were staying there, that Taj Mahal Hotel. The next morning... I had some money that was American money. And I'd take up offerings for overseas, and put it in till we got enough to go over, then go preach the Gospel, and then come back and have some more American meetings; then get enough money and go over and go preach, and then come back. And so, I had some money that people had give me to give to the people. And so I went down, I thought, Well, I'll just get it changed into Indian rupees. And so I went out into the street. And I tell you, they almost had to have the army to get me out of the street. They tramp on you and everything, run over you with beggars. When they knew I was up there... It was such a pitiful thing.

**21** The next morning when Mr. Baxter and them come to get me to go to breakfast, and I went down there... After I'd been in there, I looked on the outside; and just lined with beggars everywhere. And I got up there and had a bunch of these rupees. They're about twenty-four cents a piece, which a fellow that will go to work, a woman or a man, either one, will go to work at about four o'clock in the morning and work till ten at night with a basket on his head; packing concrete up big steps and dumping it in---concrete all over their body and everything---for a rupee a day; and happy to get it. And they can buy some curry, and that's about it. People walking down the streets, little old starved monkeys following them. Same down... Get a hold of anything they can to eat. They're really needy. And so I got a bunch of these rupees, and I got up there to the window throwing them out like that. And I'm telling you, it's a wonder they didn't get killed. Just them rupees... And people screaming and falling over each other, but the American people had given it to me to give to them; be sure it never went into some society or somebody to spend and so forth. But it went right straight to the individual. That's the way I like to give it: right to the person I know it gets to.

**22** Well, then when I went to eat breakfast... I'm telling you, it was just one cry, all hours of the night. It would just break a heart. I go to the window, and there mothers with their little babies and their little bitty tiny hands, and their little cheeks all sunk in, their little bellies swelled out from hunger. Poor little mother could just barely stand up. She was begging for her baby. It didn't make any difference if she died; just don't let the baby die from hunger. Well, how you going to give to the mother then, everybody standing around, and lepers and everything? So, when I'd go in there and try to eat breakfast... I can hear them all day and night, out there hollering, "Padre." Padre is a... I think it's a Spanish word which means, "father" or "minister." And they'd just cry that day and night. I give them all the money I had; bless their little old hearts. I felt sorry for them.

**23** And to see all the beggars. I'd stand there at the window and walk back. They'd bring my breakfast in: an orange and a couple of cookies. Just as soon as they... That old bitter tea... I drank so much tea till it was tea, tea... I believe if you'd stick me with a pin, I'd bleed tea. It just ... all the time, just tea, tea, tea, every few hours. And they'd bring it. And I wouldn't say nothing, because it was right on the hotel bill, you see. And then I'd take these oranges and cookies and go over there and throw them out to them mothers and babies. Oh, my. And I seen a... And I said to Billy Paul, my boy, I said, "Wonder if that fellow with no arms, how in the world is he going to get it?" Even his pegging on his toes like that, on the stubs of his feet; leprosy eat his feet off. And finally we got him to one side to where we could drop a rupee to him. You know how he got it? And them streets were paddle-passing. And, oh, my, just can hardly hold your nose to get through. He licked it with his tongue, and down the street he went on them pegs just as hard as he could. The man would maybe get him some curry made out of sheep feet and so forth, to eat. Brother, I tell you, I'm a human being. That just nearly killed me to see them little babies. And I thought, Mercy. Oh, God, how much longer will it be?

**24** And here we are ... here we are... Dash out enough out here in a alley to feed the people on, nearly. But looky here. I know this is off of the beaten path, my subject. I want to tell you something; just drop this to you. Last week I was to preach. But I want to just say this word. Look, we go over there and tell that man that he is our brother. All right. What do we do? We send over there, and he sees the American man get off the car, off of the boat, drive a great big fine car by. He sits in a little old mud puddle; a few stalks of something he's raising there. His grandchildren... His great-grandfather was raised in ignorance. His father, there he is, his children come the same way. His wife will wash in that puddle and he'll tote a little bit up to drink out of the same puddle. And if we're brothers, equally, why is it that one comes dressed fine? And, I'm ashamed to say it, but a lot of times, snoopy, and rub by him. And then try and talk Christianity to him? He wonders.

**25** Now, what's happened? Communism has come down and told him it's all false. And giving him a false economy there. But giving him a hope saying, "Yeah. That's the way they do it." That's the capitalists and so forth. And the first thing you know... The reason it's done that is because that we put our money on beer cans and caps and things like that, and the missionary had to live off of a penny march that's come up to the altar about once a month. And brother, we sowed, and we're going to reap what we sowed. You just remember that. Sure. Oh, my! Beggars! I can see old blind Bartimaeus sitting there by the side of the gate. Let's just take him for a few moments, just as that ... as an individual. Let's just imagine we see him sitting there and could catch what he was thinking about. I imagine he was sitting there shivering; the wind ... his ragged sleeves hanging down. He can't see. If he could be operated on for his blindness, why, he didn't have the money to do it. Perhaps they couldn't do nothing for him---the doctors---because I guess it was too far for them, and especially in them days. So, he was shivering.

**26** And I'd imagine him being a believer, he would think back, You know what? I'm sitting right by this wall. And right out, about a hundred yards from him there, was the very same highway that many years before there, the great warrior Joshua marched around the walls when the walls fell. Just not but a few hundred yards from there, to where Joshua, moving up towards the gate one day, the Captain of the host of the Lord stood with His sword up. But alas, the days is gone. The same Jericho where this blind man sat! I can imagine Bartimaeus saying, "Oh, if I could have only been living then, when Jehovah was real to the people, when Jehovah really done miracles for us. 'But the days are gone,' the priest says. 'That was hundreds of years ago. Jehovah doesn't do these things today.'" And then also, right on that same road, Elijah and Elisha come down with their arms around one another, on the road to the Jordan where they struck the water and the water parted hither and thither, and they walked across on dry land.

```
2 Kings 2:8 And Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.

```
**27** I can imagine blind Bartimaeus saying, "Oh, if I could've only lived in that day when the great mighty prophets run out that highway there. I would have walked up to them and said, 'Prophet of God, have mercy on me, and give me back my sight.' But alas, the priest says, 'The days of miracles is past.' So, we don't have it no more, somehow. They seem to say that Jehovah's lost all of His strength." Brother, they try to say the same thing today. But He's still Jehovah God, in His same power, the same compassion that He was. And He always will be. They had them at that days who denied His power, and denied His miracles, denied His signs. And we got them yet today, and we'll have them to the end of the world.

**28** We got those in them days who did believe and receive. And we got them today that believes and receives. And if there is a tomorrow, they'll still be believing and receiving. Jesus said, "I'll walk along your side, till the end of the world." Amen. "I'll be with you, a companion; a fellow citizen with you. I'll walk with you. I'll guide you in the paths you should go, if you'll just let me." I love that. "I'll be with you to the end of the world. Till it's all over, I'll be with you." Notice. Then he thought, Oh, if I could've only lived in the days when miracles were real. Here I am beyond the doctors' reach. I'm a poor beggar. I have a family at home. Maybe today I never got a coin. My children are hungry; and my wife, I know she's hungry. And I have no other way to make a living. Oh, if I could only see, I'd get me a job over in a wheat field somewhere. But I can't see.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

```
**29** Now, I imagine as he sat there, God begins to deal with his heart and prepare for something. Little did he know, just around the corner was the Fountain of Life. Hallelujah! Just around the corner. When you get to thinking about divine healing, get to thinking about Christ... Keep Him on your mind. "If there be any praise, if there be any virtue," the Bible says, "think on these things." Then the thought comes by, Well, maybe it couldn't be so. Maybe... Get it off your mind right quick. Think on things that's positive. Never let a negative thought pass through. Don't let it stop, anyhow, if it starts through. Keep your thoughts positive: Jesus!

```
Philippians 4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.

```
**30** Don't think, sitting here in a wheelchair, you, that you're hopeless, helpless. You're not. Don't let that negative thought ever pass through ... or, don't let it anchor. You can't help it from going through your mind, that's right, but don't let it stop. Like the old farmer said, "I can't keep the birds from flying over my place." But he had a double-barrel shotgun, said, "I can sure keep them from roosting." So, you do the same thing, and you too, see. Don't let them roost. Let them pass right on through. Now, here is a shotgun to use. Both New and Old Testament, is a double barrel. Very good, too. I tell you, it keeps them all away. All right. Blind Bartimaeus, sitting there with all this passing through his mind, If I could've only been here when the great prophets come down the road and walked down towards Jordan. I'd stop them for a few moments for just a little talk, and ask them to pray for me. And I believe Jehovah would have give me my sight.

**31** Now, all of a sudden, he heard a noise. You know, it's strange: Usually when Jesus is around there's a little noise around. You know, I kind of like that: kindly little noisy, you know. You know, the only way they could tell Aaron was alive when he went in behind the holiest of holies, he had on the hems of his garments, he had a pomegranate and a bell. And that's the only way they could tell whether he was alive or not, he was making a little noise in there. I'm afraid we need a pomegranate and a bell again. Yes, just a little noise. And so, usually where Jesus was, if it wasn't somebody shouting there was somebody fussing at Him maybe---some kind of a noise going on. So, around the corner come a noise. And first thing you know, the whole place begin to get alive with people; and the old beggar sitting down at the side of the wall. And it, seeming like, way out, probably twice the distance of this tent here, was where the road runs down by Jericho.

```
Exodus 28:34 A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about.

Exodus 28:35 And it shall be upon Aaron to minister: and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD, and when he cometh out, that he die not.

```
**32** And there along on the road was perhaps where the noise was. And there was people passing by, and some of them were screaming, "Away with Him, away with Him." And the priest hollering, "You hypocrite. There's nothing to You." And somebody hollering, "Hosanna, Hosanna." Oh, a mixed multitude. But along there came the very Captain of the host of the Lord, that had met Joshua. Amen. Isn't He the Captain of the host? He was the Angel of the covenant; the pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. And here He was. And here again come when the people were saying, "The days of miracles is past, all hopes gone," here come the Captain of the host of the Lord, coming by, just on the time. He always arrives just right.

```
Joshua 5:14 And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my lord unto his servant?

Matthew 21:9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.

Mark 11:9 And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:

Mark 11:10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

John 12:13 Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.

```
**33** Here He is, coming by. 'Course the blind man, he didn't know. I can imagine, listening, his head around, seeing if he could hear better out of that ear. The first thing you know, somebody stepped on him and so forth, and pushed him back. I can hear him say, "What's all the noise about?" Nobody paid any attention to him; go on. He was listening to somebody: "Away with Him. Go on back to Nazareth where you belong. We don't need you down here in this country. Get on back." All kinds of noise. Another one hollering, "He's the Lord of Hosts. Hosanna, Hosanna in the highest." The multitudes ... one screaming, probably throwing over-ripe fruit at Him, and everything else. But Jesus, walking out in front of the crowd... Oh, my! His face up towards the heavens. What was ahead of Him? Going straight to Jerusalem to die for the sins of the world. Being who He was, the Son of God, the King of all prophets, and knowing that that laid ahead of Him, His mind, of course, was on that. He wasn't listening to the howling crowd, "Away with this, and away with that, and Hosanna." He couldn't listen to it; His disciples having a hard time to keep a riot from getting on to Him. Some trying to touch Him to get healed, others liked to slap Him or hit Him with something to knock Him down, and the disciples going on, pushed them away. Jesus, in that cool, quiet, steady walk, right down the road; on His road, with His face up towards His heavenly Father, walking as an obedient Son, correctly. And as He walks along, everybody's screaming.

```
Matthew 21:9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.

Mark 11:9 And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:

Mark 11:10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

John 12:13 Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.

```
**34** I believe there was a kind lady, maybe, when blind Bartimaeus said, "Why, what's all the noise about? I was just thinking, what's all the noise about." And maybe a kind lady reached down and said, "Why, blind beggar, Jesus of Nazareth passes by." Oh, new hopes rose up. What was it? Something... He couldn't see it, but in every sense he had of hearing... Sight's not always... Seeing is not always believing. Sometimes hearing is believing. "Faith cometh by hearing." Not by seeing; by hearing. Somebody told him that Jesus of Nazareth... "Oh, is that the prophet up there who is doing the sick?" "Well, it must be," says the lady. Some of them's hollering to him and saying, "My baby was healed by Him." Another man walking there, saying he was crippled; he was packing some sticks that he used to walk on. But the priest thought... "Oh," he said, "stop Him for me." "Stop Him? Why, you couldn't stop Him. Look at Him. He's going up the road there." And then, the old blind beggar raised to his feet and cried, "Oh, Jesus! Thou Son of David, have mercy on me. Oh, Jesus! Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." Now, you know in all that milling, rallying, fussing crowd, and Jesus with His face turned towards the heavens, walking straight to Calvary to be crucified with the burdens of all the world laying on His shoulder, He'd never heard that poor, little, old spindly man way back down there side of that fence ... or, side of that wall hollering, "Have mercy on me," when they was screaming everything. And as He, going on up the road... Blind Bartimaeus trying to say, "Oh." Some of them said, "Shut up. He's way up the road there." That didn't stop him. He raised his head, "Oh, Jesus! Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." What happened? What took place? The same thing took place that the woman that touched His garment. He knew that was the closest he ever was to Him. He knew probably was the closest he'd ever be in life's journey here to Him. So, the only thing he could do was rise all the faith he could, to believe that Jesus would not pass him by.

```
Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**35** His faith stopped Jesus of Nazareth on his road to Jerusalem. All at once, as He walked, He stopped, looked around. What was it? With Calvary in his mind, with the sins if the world on His shoulders, with howling mobs on both side, a poor illiterate beggar... The faith that that man had, stopped Him in His tracks. And He turns around, looked at Him, said, "What would you do?" Then He said, "Lord, that I..." "What would you that I do for you?" He said, "That I might receive my sight." He said, "Thy faith has healed thee." I can see him as He turns around, on up the road. Old blind Bartimaeus standing there saying, "He told me that I was healed?" See him trying to look for his hand. Said... Ah, I hear someone say, "Oh there ain't no difference in you. You're no different."

```
Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Mark 10:51 And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:40 And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,

Luke 18:41 Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

```
**36** "But ... but ... but He told me. He told me I..." After a while daylight begin to break around him. First thing you know, he can see his hands. Here he comes up the road, screaming, and shouting, and praising the Lord. His faith had healed him. His faith was so great till it stopped Jesus of Nazareth, and got a conversation with Him. If a blind beggar, without even enough clothes hardly, to hide his skin, could stop... Maybe a man that couldn't even sign his own name. If his faith could stop Jesus of Nazareth in a multitude of people crying for His blood, with a burden on His heart, and know that death laid before Him at Calvary, how much more ought your faith to stop Him tonight and bring Him to your individual needs. Hallelujah!

**37** Oh, my! I was reading a little story on him not long ago. Maybe I have just a moment or two for it. They said that he had a little girl. He'd never seen her. And he'd always prayed that he would see that little girl. And they tell me that blind Bartimaeus had a couple little doves that done little enchantments. They'd have to do something to attract the attention of the people, passer-bys; or, so many beggars, they couldn't get anything at all. But if they could have these little doves to do little tumbles over each other that ... (Now, the story may have been fiction.) ... do little tumbles over each other. Why it would stop the people and they'd watch the little doves, then they'd think, Oh, well, give him a coin. You see? And that's the way he made his living.

**38** And so, he said his wife got sick one night and he went out and prayed. And he said, "God, I haven't got nothing. I'm a poor beggar. But if You'll just let my wife get well, I'll give You these two turtledoves tomorrow for a sacrifice." So, his wife got well, and he kept his word.

**39** Said, not long after that that his little girl got sick; very sick---sick to die. And said the old blind beggar wept most of the night. And said he went out and prayed, and he said, "Lord, I haven't got nothing else to give You." But these days, we have dogs, you know, that lead the blind people. They say they had a lamb then, that they'd harness up a lamb and train it to lead the blind people. He said, "Lord, I only got one thing left, and that's my lamb. But if You'll just... If you'll just heal my little girl, and not let her die... I've never seen her. If you'll just let my little girl live, I promise You, I'll give You my lamb tomorrow as a sacrifice." Why, he said, the Lord healed his little girl.

**40** The next day on his road to take the lamb to the sacrifice up to the temple to have it sacrificed, said Caiaphas, the high priest was standing on the wall. And he said, "Blind Bartimaeus, where goest thou?" He said, "Oh, high priest, is that your voice?" He said, "I'm going to the temple to sacrifice this lamb. God healed my little girl, and I promised Him I'd give Him this lamb." And said the high priest, said, "Oh, blind Bartimaeus, thou cannot sacrifice that lamb. Here, I'll give you some money and you go buy a lamb from the market up there, and sacrifice that lamb." He said, "Oh, high priest, I never promised God a lamb, I promised Him this lamb." He said, "But, blind Bartimaeus, thou cannot give that lamb. That lamb is your eyes. That's all the eyes you got, blind Bartimaeus. You can't give that lamb; it's your eyes." He said, "Oh, high priest, I'll keep my promise to God, and God will provide a lamb for blind Bartimaeus." It was a cold day. But when that noise came out of the side of the building, God had provided a Lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes. My dear friend, that same Lamb is provided for you tonight. If you're sinful, and your eyes has never been opened to see the light of God, as a saved man or woman, boy or girl, that Lamb has been sacrificed for you tonight. If you're sick, and ready to die, and your doctor has done all he can do... The man has done what he can. But there's a Lamb for your sickness tonight.

**41** And let us bow our heads while we speak to this Lamb. Oh, God, we're taught in the Bible that upon the throne in the Glory land there was One sitting who had a book sealed on the back side with seven seals. And the prophet wept because there was no man worthy to take the book, to loose the seals. And there was a Lamb came up, one that had been slain from the foundation of the world. And it was worthy to take the book, and to loose the seals---that Lamb of God. I can just imagine when blind Bartimaeus knew that He had stopped somehow or got into the presence of his provided Lamb... We see him now, not trying to fold his coat and lay it down neatly so he ... well, if he don't get his sight, well he'll be able to find it. We're taught that he cast away his garment, and he knew he'd find it. Just so he got to the Lamb.

```
Mark 10:50 And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.

Revelation 5:4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.

Revelation 5:5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.

Revelation 5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.

Revelation 5:7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.

```
**42** Oh, come, Lamb of God. Cast blindness from people's eyes tonight, that's trusting because they have joined church or some physical something that's happened. God, let the love of God pour into their hearts. Grant it, Lord. Take away all stony conditions and let love divine pour into their heart by that Lamb tonight. And heal the sick. For we ask it in His name. And while we have our heads bowed, I wonder if there's one here tonight that may be groping along in church darkness, not knowing just which way to turn, whether to become a Methodist or remain a Presbyterian or a Pentecostal, or... You just don't know what to do. Don't you want Him to give you your spiritual sight tonight by blessing you and kissing all the doubts away? If you're a sinner here and want to be remembered in prayer, just raise up your hand to God while everybody is praying now. And I'll pray for you, and the rest of the congregation will too. Will you raise your hand, somebody that needs Christ tonight; know that you need Christ? Will you raise up your hand? I don't know your heart; God does. But the Lamb that came by Jericho that day...

**43** God bless you, back there, my dear brother. God bless you, yes, and you, my sister. Some one else that will your raise you hand? God bless you, my sister. I see you back there. And God bless you, my brother, sitting near the post there. God bless you over to my left here. Yes, sitting near the post over there again, another man. "Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me. God, I know I may ... this may be my last night on earth. I've got to meet You. I've neglected it. I really am not sure about my soul's salvation. I want You to remember me, God, right now, that in this meeting..." I want You to save me tonight and really fix my heart right so that when death does strike me, and I feel my pulse coming up my sleeve, and I press a dying pillow, the doctor walks away from the door and say, "There's no more can be done. He's gone, or she's gone. My loved ones leave the room weeping, death's cold vapors are floating through the room, God, I want to see You light up the valley of the shadow of death. I want You to fix it now."

**44** Will you raise your hand, someone that hasn't, raise their hand? God bless you, my brother. Yes, sir---by there. You know, twenty-three years ago, I settled that. I've been happy ever since. I told the Lord I didn't want any trouble at the river. Each day I take inventory of myself. I don't want any trouble.

**45** It's going to be awful on that morning, all the screams and cries that you ever hear, rich men throwing their money in the streets, rainbows flickering the skies, lightning a-flashing, thunders a-roaring, the moon turning into blood and dripping out like dark blood falling, the sun refusing to shine, the rocks a roaring, atoms exploding everywhere, fire falling. Uh-uh. I don't want no trouble then. I want to be sure of it. I want to make sure right now, 'cause you know, this might be the last hour that I be here, or you, either one. It's all over then. The way the tree leans, that's the way it falls. Would there be another, just before we close now, and have prayer? You know... God knows your heart. Don't trust in theology. Don't trust in head knowledge. If you haven't had a real experience with God, and know that you've passed from death to life, that divine love of God reigns in your heart, don't take any chance on it, friend. Remember, I tell you in the name of the Lord: Nothing else will work.

**46** Oh, you say, "I preached the Gospel." That doesn't matter. "I've cast out devils. I've had healing services." That doesn't matter. Jesus said, "Many will come to me in that day, 'Lord, have not I preached in your name; prophesied? Have not in thy name cast out devils and done many mighty works?' He will say, 'Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I didn't even know you.'" Better be sure. Just before we pray, one more time. Any hands that hasn't went up yet, would you put your hand up for prayer? All right. Shall we... God bless you, mother, and God bless you. I see your hand. That's right.

```
Matthew 7:22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?

Matthew 7:23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

```
**47** Let's have prayer now. Kind heavenly Father, there was some young and old both with their hands up. Come by now, won't You, Jesus? Just speak peace way down deep in their heart. They couldn't have raised their hand unless You would have told them to. But they did it. And Thou has said in Thy Word, "He that heareth my Word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but has passed from death to life." We know that right now the transformation of dark shadows of death that hung in the face of these people, is now moving back, and hopes is coming. Not with the physical eye, but in the spiritual eye, that they have did that which is right and have accepted Christ now as their Savior. God, I pray that all their darkness will flee away, and the tempter's, doubter's powers will be broken. And they'll live in Christian life and light the rest of their days, and come home to You in peace at the end time. God, grant that over in the other world some night ... some day, rather, (for, there'll be no night) that I'll meet with them if not here on earth. Sit down there in the Kingdom where Moody, Sankey, Finney, Knox, Calvin, Paul, Peter, James, John, so many of our friends here: Paul Raider, dear Brother Upshaw, many of those other old gallant soldiers that's passed beyond the veil. Just stepped beyond the veil, they understand. May I meet with all of them, and with these tonight who has accepted You. Until then, Father, keep them sweet and happy in their experience with Thee. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**48** Friends, I'm not no little boy no more. I've seen a many test, but I've never seen nothing yet could override love. It just takes everything out of the way. Love conquers wild animals. Love conquers... It's just the most conquering force there is, because it's God. You know why I can help you? Because you love me and you believe me. If you didn't believe me, no matter what kind of works God would do by me, you still wouldn't get any benefit. Do you know that? That's my success with the Lord: The people love me, and I love them. And that's where the success comes from. Otherwise, if it wasn't... Look at Jesus. He said, "If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not. But if I do the works of my Father, then believe for the work's sake," see. Now, there's a woman, touched His garment, got healed. A blind man screamed to Him and got healed. But...

```
John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

```
**49** [Gap in the audio] ... who didn't believe that He was prophet, and a bunch of Jews who didn't believe it. And they put a rag around His face, and they hit Him on top the head, and said, "Now, you prophesier, tell us who hit You. If you know all these things, tell us who hit you and we'll believe you if you'll tell us now." He never opened His mouth. No, the works of God is not to be made a clown. Jesus never come to clown then; He doesn't come to clown now. Satan tried to tempt Him. Said, "Do a miracle. Let me see you do it." Haven't you heard people say that? "Let me see you do something. Let me see you." A man not long ago, not knowing... A brother, when I was preaching over in Arkansas, said, "I'll ... for one physical evidence that one person was ever healed, divine healing, we'll pay one thousand dollars---our church." So, I just went and got about couple doctors and about four cancer cases, had been healed (the doctor said so) and took over to his house. I said, "We will just send that over to foreign missions." When I got to the door, "Oh," he said. "Are you Reverend Branham?" I said, "I am." He said, "Well now, you have to go over here in Texas somewhere, and we'll take a little girl, and I want you to go in among my brethren." Said, "I haven't got the money." I said, "No, I come to collect it. Here's the people that the doctors give up and said they had cancer, and we prayed for them, and Jesus healed them. Now, you said on the radio, that that's what you'd give. Now, let's have it."

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

```
**50** I said, "Here's one of them Mayo's nurse, one of Doctor Mayo's from Mayo Clinic---one of their nurses. We want to collect the thousand dollars." He said, "Well, now, we'll go over here, and we will take a person, a little girl, and I'll cut her hand with a knife, and then you hold it out before my brethren, and heal it, and then we'll believe it." I said, "Brother, you're the one who needs healing, from a mental deficiency." I said, "That is really..." I said, "Anybody who would even think that, there's something wrong up here," see. I said, "It's the same old spirit that said, 'Come down off the cross and we'll believe you.'" The same old spirit said, "Do a miracle here before me, and we'll believe you." I said, "Brother, you're... I pray that God... I love you, and that's not hypocritically." I said, "But I love you, and I pray that someday God will have mercy on your sinful soul." He said, "I don't sin."

```
Matthew 27:42 He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.

```
**51** I said, "What is sin? Sin is unbelief." That's the only sin there is, is unbelief. I said, "Certainly it's sin." Now, let's us not be sinners, unbelievers, tonight, but let's throw our faith together and believe with all of our heart. Will you do it, while we pray for the next fifteen or twenty minutes? All right. [Brother Branham asks someone: "You still giving A's? Oh, F's, give out prayer card F's. I thought a couple days, there was a couple hundred of them. All right. We're changing tonight to prayer card F then. How many did you give, a hundred?] A hundred F's. Let's start from... Let's start from twenty tonight. Who has F-20? See if I'm... F-20? 21? Who has F-21? Raise your hand. See if we're all right now.

**52** Look at your neighbor's card. They may be deaf, dumb maybe. Watch these cards on the top, and so forth. And... You got a prayer card, lady? Yeah. All right. You got a prayer card there? All right. F-21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30. Now, let them line up first, right here. All right. All right. While they're coming... Now, look around. If there's anybody that can't get up, well, you just raised your hand and we will have the ushers to pack them up here, see. All right, now that's, I think, 20 to 30. Now 31, 32, 33, 34, 35. Let them come next now. All right. That would be 20 to 35. Now, let them stand first now: F-20 to F-35. Now, we see how they line up. Maybe we can get some more and find out now.

**53** Now, I want your undivided attention now for the next few moments. Now listen, dear friends, this is your meeting. Now, tonight, speaking on this, after, explain the healing services... Now remember, I do not believe that there's any virtue in any man to heal somebody. I don't believe that there's any power that any individual has to heal somebody with. I believe that two things that cannot be done: that no one can forgive sins or heal sickness. Remember that. No one can do it, because Jesus has already did it at Calvary and you accept it as your personal faith in His finished works. Do you believe that? Say, "Amen," see.

**54** Now, God has set some signs in the church. First, a preacher. That's the best sign: preaching the Word. Now, if it would be me... If you couldn't take my word for it, that would settle it; but, not our Father. Then He puts others in the church. After preachers, He puts teachers, He puts prophets, He puts gifts of healing. That don't mean that they heal now; that means faith in healing, you see. Just like preaching, the same way. It's not ... no power to heal with. When you claim you got power to heal with, then you take it off of Calvary. I believe if you claim that, brother, to my... If I'm wrong, you forgive me, but the way I see the Scripture, that it's already finished. How could...

**55** A brother in the Christian Businessmen bought and give me this suit. It was paid for. He gave it to me about a year ago, before I went overseas. Said, "Billy, you need a suit." Mine was all worn out on the collar. And he bought and give me this suit. Now there's no need of anybody trying to pay for it. It's already paid for. It's mine by a gift. Is that right? And that's the way salvation is, and that's the way healing is. "He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed." Is that right? Now, how many... Is all of them up? Yeah? Everybody there. All right. You want some more, or is that... Well, it doesn't matter how many stands; that isn't the idea of it. The thing of it is, friends, is to get the Holy Spirit moving among the people. Now, look, here's a lady standing here. This is a divine gift. And here's a lady standing here in front of me. She's a total perfect stranger to me. I never seen her in my life. Are we strangers, sister, to each other? We certainly are.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**56** Now, place yourself here. Now, first I can tell you by the Bible... That is God's eternal Word, and that is truth. And anything that's contrary to that is not of God, to my opinion. It has to be. This is the foundation. That's God's Word, first. All right. Then, secondarily, He has preachers who comes down and preaches this Word, who understands it, and tells the people. Then, next, He puts prophets in the church. Prophets are seers that foresee things, and tell things that comes to pass. And it's all by God's Spirit. And when Jesus was here on earth (to the newcomers), He never claimed to be a healer. How many knows that? Raise your hand. He said, "I am not the healer." He said, "It's not me that doeth the works. It's my Father that dwelleth in me. He doeth the works." Is that right?

```
John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**57** And Jesus said, "Verily, verily..." Saint John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son," the body, "I can do nothing..." The Son, His Spirit, "I can do nothing in Myself, but what the Father, inside of Me, shows Me. (See.) And what the Father shows me by vision, that I go do." Is that what He said? "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in himself, but what he sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." When He was questioned about not healing all them down at Bethesda, just healed one man laying on a pallet. Watch there. And Jesus knew this man was there, and had been there, and a long time in this condition. Is that right? How many knows the Scripture says that? Jesus knew he'd been there and been... Sure, how did He know it? The Father showed Him. There sat cripples, and blinds, and twisted, and halt, and maimed; Jesus walking right around them until He found that man that God had showed him. There he was. Said, "Will you be made whole, sir?" He said, "I have no one to put me in the water." Said, "Somebody beats me down to it." Said, "Take your bed and go into your house." He never questioned a bit. Just picked up his bed, put it on his shoulders, started... Strength begin to come, and away he went. Jesus walked away and left the rest of them, because the Father hadn't showed Him no more, see. The woman at the well... Here it is again, a woman tonight to begin with. Now look, she's a woman; I, a man. Now, we've never met each other in our life. Now, let's see if this is Scripture.

```
John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**58** Now, Jesus went up and sat down on a well. The Father had sent Him to the well. He didn't know... That's all He knowed. Go up to the well, up, way up around Samaria. Now, the Father God... Don't you believe that He's working in us? Didn't He say He would do it? "The very same things I do, you shall do also." He goes up there and sits down at the well. Well, that's what the Father told Him to do.

**59** The Father sent me to San Fernando Valley, in California, in this tent meeting. I just come here. That's all I know. I'm just here. There stands the woman. Well, there come a woman out to get water, so Jesus went to talking to her. He said, "Bring me a drink." She said, "It's not customary for you Jews to ask Samaritans such; we have no dealing." Well, they went ahead in the conversation, went on talking, until Jesus found just exactly where her trouble was. He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "That's right. You got five." She said, "I perceive that you're a prophet." She said, "Now, we know, we Samaritans, we know that when the Messiah cometh, he will tell us all things." But she couldn't understand who He was. Said, "You must be a prophet."

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

```
**60** Jesus told her that He was the Messiah. Is that right? And when He did that, she run into the city and told the men, said, "Come here, and see a man. I was standing out there, just went out to get some water, and the man told me the evil thing that I'm doing," or, whatever way she expressed it. Said, "Isn't that the very Christ? Isn't that the sign that the Christ was to be? What did the big church in that day think about Him? What'd they say He was? "Beelzebub," the devil, the chief of all the fortunetellers, and everything else, as evil. But what did she say He was? "The Messiah." She knew that was the sign of the Messiah. And if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, it's still the sign of the Messiah. That's right. So, not me. I'm just a man. You're just a man; women. She's just a woman; I a man. But the Messiah, the resurrected Jesus who said, "These things... "A little while and the world won't see me no more, (the unbelievers), but you'll see me, for I'll be with you to the end of the world. And the very things that I do, you'll do also." What? As the Father shows. Just act out in drama.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**61** Now, as I explained it last night how visions like this, is secondarily; the main visions: when He shows Himself. But this is secondarily. Now, I'm going to ask you all, if you will, to be real reverent. And I'm going to make a proposition with you. I'll look the line, first. I don't believe... All you people, none of you know me, do you? Just, acquainted with me. Raise up your hand if we're strangers, all of you down the prayer line there. Raise up your hands if we're all strangers. All right. How many out there does not have prayer cards, and yet you want to be healed, and we're strangers to one another? Let's see your hands go up, anywhere. All right. Just have faith. Now remember, the blind Bartimaeus could pull faith through the Lord Jesus; the woman touched His garment.

**62** Now, if Jesus will come and perform right here, which right here, visibly before you, and I declare... And if somebody would want to take my place, and come up here, you're welcome to the microphone. All right, come down the prayer line. If you don't think it's right and of God, well, come take the microphone. You're welcome. Now, but, here, if it is, and I'm telling the truth, and I'm telling the truth about Christ, then if I speak of Him and tell the truth, He's obligated to speak back and say that I've told the truth. Then you got a right to doubt me now. But if He does what I said He will, that He's raised from the dead and doing the same, then if you do disbelieve then, then God be merciful to your sinful soul. That's all I would know. Now, if Jesus will do the same thing by this woman here, her knowing that we never met before in life... If He'll do, and know what she's here for, like He knowed what the woman was up there about, will every one of you with one accord, and one heart, believe the Lord Jesus Christ, and believe that He's going to give you tonight, just what you come for? Will you do it? Raise your hand. I wish every one of you that really believe it, would raise your hand. He's looking at you. Amen. God bless you.

**63** Now, heavenly Father, I don't know no more to do with all the knowledge that I have... I have none but which cometh from Thee. And I pray, Father, that Thou will now just move over this little audience, and may the angels of God just move in close tonight. It's a cold night. They've suffered long, sitting here in the cold. Reward them, Lord, by healing every one. Grant it, Lord. May this be a night that every person will be healed. And now, Father, send the Angel of the Lord and stand here by Your humble servant and anoint me. Thou knowest, Lord, I don't know these people. They're strangers to me. But Thou does know them. And I pray that You'll help me, Lord, and will give unto me the very things that the people are here for, that they might know that You've raised from the dead, and are living here tonight, and willing to help them in Your attitude towards them today. If You've raised from the dead and proved Yourself in power, then Your attitude is the same as it was in that day. Grant it, Father, and bless us and forgive us of our sins. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen.

**64** Now, every one be just as reverent. I believe here's a handkerchief maybe to be prayed over. It goes to a lady. And here's another one. Maybe the same thing. And I pray over these, and that's just an individual letter to me. Our heavenly Father, bless these handkerchiefs for their intended purpose. In Jesus' name, I ask it. Amen. Now, sister, you just stay right... That's all right, you can tell her to stay right there. Distance has nothing to do with it. The only reason I get here, is because that I am... I am trying to single you out from all the massive people, in order to contact you. Jesus even sent His disciples away when He had to contact that woman, see. You ever read the story? Wonder if you ever thought that if you could stand where that woman stood. Wouldn't that be wonderful? You always thought it would be wonderful. If you only knew, my dear sister, you're standing at the same place. That's right. You're aware, as a believer now, that something's going on. Just since I turned around this way and started talking, a real, sweet, humble feeling has come over you. Is that right? If it is, raise your hand up to the people. That's right. 'Cause, between you and I, you probably never seen the picture of it, that light is just a milling between you and I.

**65** Now soon, if God will, it'll be... Maybe you're in just the three dimensions. This is another dimension. It's moving in on me. But it's a Spirit, you see. It's in another world. People, they're not gone; they're near us; angels and everything else. "The angels of God are encamped about those who fear him." You remember Elijah down at Dothan, that morning, when the boy said, "Oh, the armies of the Syrians are upon us." He said, "There's more with us than there is with them." He couldn't see nobody. He said, "God open this young man's eyes." And when He opened his eyes, around that old prophet was angels of fire, and chariots of fire. And there was just... Then, there's more with us than there is with them. And that's the dimension now, by being born. Maybe you never will (See), see such. But you believe it anyhow. How much greater is their reward who has never seen and yet believe. But some of us were born for that. God places that in the church, from baby birth. Prophets are not just put in by men; it's a gift born. All through the Scripture, born from childhood.

```
2 Kings 6:15 And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?

2 Kings 6:16 And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them.

2 Kings 6:17 And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.

Psalm 34:7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.

```
**66** And now, a lady who stands before me... And if the audience can still hear me, the Angel of the Lord is settling. And I know that I'm being heard somewhere. But she's suffering with what she thinks is a broken rib. It's in her side. She's got a lump in her side, or a knot of some sort. And it was caused by a fan hitting ... something that hit her. And it's caused this to happen. Is that right? Now, I don't know what I said. But it wasn't me saying it. That was something else saying it. But was it true, ever what it was? If it was, raise up your hand. Now you know that something's here, beyond man. Is that right? Well, you know whether that was true or not. You're a witness to that. And if it's true... She's raised her hand to the audience that it's true. And the woman standing here with the Bible laying before us, you know she wouldn't say something wrong. And a Christian woman, too, besides that. That's true. Then what's here? Jesus of Nazareth, risen from the dead. It's His Spirit moving. Now, come here, sister. Whatever it was ... Jesus said these words. The last thing He said when He left earth, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Mark 16. "If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover."

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**67** Now, I'd have to be a believer for something to take place just like taken place, 'cause it's God proving to you that I am a believer. Is that right? And you are a believer, or I'd never been able to do it. It was your faith that did it. Now, us so close to God, what happens then if I lay hands on the sick, what happens? They shall recover. Now, our heavenly Father, in obedience to the commandments of our dear Lord Jesus, I lay hands upon my sister, and ask that His words be fulfilled. And whatever is wrong with this woman, may she be well, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, happy and rejoicing. Now look, just forget about it. If it was sickness, something wrong with you, or if it's something somebody else wants, whatever it was, just forget it, all about it. It's all over. Just go, praising God for it, see. It'll be all right. Amen. Oh, He's wonderful! I know you think I'm beside myself, but I'm not. No, no. I'm very conscious.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**68** All right. Just have faith. All right. Let the lady come on down here. Come right ahead, sister. Now, I suppose you and I are strangers, too, to each other. Are we? You and I together. We're years apart in age, and we are... But we got the same Lord Jesus, haven't we, sister? Now, I don't know you, never seen you. But Jesus knows all about you. And you've read in the Bible, where, back in the Old Testament, the prophets did that. And God promised the same thing. And the greatest of all the prophets, and all the King, and Lord, and master of them, was Jesus. When He was here on earth, He just did like the same thing; only greater. Then He went away and said, "The very same things that I do, shall you, to the end of the world." So, it's just Jesus in His church, isn't it? Now, I don't know... And I couldn't heal you, if you're sick. I don't know. But if you are sick, I couldn't heal you. Jesus would have to heal you, wouldn't He? But he will, if you'll believe it. Now, He just ... through knowing... Now, what if He was standing here with this suit on that He had Brother Gardener to give me? Now, what if ... if He was standing here wearing this suit, now He couldn't say, "Now, come here, I'll heal you." No, He wouldn't do that. If He would, He'd have to go back on His Word. He'd say, "Child of Mine, don't you believe I did that when I died at Calvary; I purchased your healing?" You'd say, "Yes, Lord." Then He'd say, "According to your faith then, be it unto you." Is that right?

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**69** Or, what if the Father would happen to show Him, and tell him... He might tell you what was wrong with you or something another like that, couldn't He? He might be able to do that. But, that's all He could do. Now, that's the same thing He is tonight, just working through human beings. Now, you believe with all your heart, and surely He will heal you. I believe He will. Don't you, mother? Don't you believe He'll heal you? Certainly He will. May God help me to do something to raise your faith up. I see one thing: The woman... If the audience is still listening at me. There's a shadow around the woman. She's very, very sick. She's got trouble in her kidney. That is right. And that's a cancer in the kidney. And she also has arthritis. Because, I see her, she can hardly move at times. The vision seems to be dimming. Those things are true though, aren't they? They're true.

**70** Do you believe now? The woman is the judge. The vision seemed to be kind of dim. Just a moment. Let me speak to her again, just for the contact of your soul, sister. Now, you look at me just a moment. Seemed like there's something He wants... I see you some way, you're trying to move, or looking, or... No, it's about your arm. On one of your arms... Under your arm you have a plate. It's the left arm. Jesus can heal that too. You believe that? It's a growth, which is a tumor, and it's right under your left arm. But Jesus Christ can make you well. Do you believe that? Then come here. Have faith now. Shall we pray. Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon this woman, and I pray that as blind Bartimaeus stood there and got his sight, may she also, Lord, receive her healing, and these shadows of death be taken from her. May she go and be well. I pray this blessing for my sister in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, rejoicing and happy, and thanking God, and be well.

**71** All right. We are strangers to each other, I suppose, sister? But God knows us both, doesn't He? He knows us both. Now, if there was anything... If I had some kind of a healing or something... First thing, if I said that, I'd be wrong. I'd be unscriptural. But if I did have, say if I did have, and if I was a doctor, and knowed what was wrong with you, and then wouldn't do it, I'd be a hypocrite. Yes, sir. If I could help you and wouldn't do it. But the only thing I can do is just as He would tell me. And that's for faith, your faith in Christ. Something happened then. Now, everybody, real reverent. Somebody was praying. Oh, here it is. Praise be to God. Thank you, sister, for praying. I heard your prayer. Jesus did too. Your shingles is going to leave you now, sitting right there with your hand up like this---mother there, sitting with your hand up. Now, you... Yes, you can go on your road now rejoicing. He's heard your prayer. Thank you, sister, for your faith in God. Amen. Isn't He wonderful, sister? Your faith does that.

**72** Now, be praying. You be praying, sister. All of you just be in prayer. Now, the lady being a stranger to me. Now, just to talk to you, as His servant... It keeps moving in the audience. There's faith arising out there, you see. Sometimes I don't know what it is, I just have to do as He says. As the Spirit of the Lord begins to move, I just have to move as it moves with me, you see. It's all a thing... There He is, over a woman that's real nervous, sitting right there. And her husband's leaning over to her. He's suffering with a rupture. And they're both praying to be healed. Is that right? You're husband and wife. I see you both in the same room. All right. Put your hands over on each other. Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus, may they be healed. Their faith, Lord, has touched You, and caused this to happen. In Jesus' name may they be healed. Amen. God bless you, my dear brother and sister. Your faith has did this. Your faith alone. If thou can only believe! Oh, my! Isn't He wonderful?

**73** There's another man and wife sitting right back there, and the woman is suffering with a rupture, sitting right straight in line with them. And the man has got a hearing trouble, and also got hemorrhoids. And they're sitting right over the top there, the woman and man. You are healed, both of you. Jesus Christ makes... You hear me now, don't you, brother? Your ears come open. Praise be to God. There it is. Our Lord Jesus in His bountiful mercy! Sitting there, having faith! What does that? The same faith that was in blind Bartimaeus. You all ought to believe. It's hanging over the lady in the stretcher. I'm wondering about her faith. She's very sick: asthmatic condition. She has TB, arthritis. That's right, isn't it, young lady, you in the...? That's right. Mother, if you could only believe, and believe me to be God's prophet, as soon as this service is over, take that little cot and set it up and go on home, see. Have faith. Believe.

**74** Now, lady, just a moment to you. I'm sorry. I just have to move the way it moves. Don't move around, no one, see. The Angel of the Lord is a light. It's the pillar of fire, see. It's a light, an amber-like light burning, and it moves. And you moving, sometimes... It's a human soul. You're just all like, under control. If you move... And I know just where the skeptic is sitting; I know where the believers are sitting. I have to watch just exactly. When that moves, that's a conflict; it's in spirit life.

**75** Now, here it is. It looks like that you could see that. I see blood dripping. It's from that person sitting right there, about three rows back, sitting there, that's got dripping blood from the lungs. It's having trouble; a blood drip. Yes, sir. Now, have faith. Don't doubt, but believe, and Jesus Christ will make you well. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Now, do you believe, sister?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**76** The man sitting right on this side over there's suffering with prostrate trouble. Sitting right back there, kind of looking to me. Kind of an aged man. If you can believe, my dear brother, it'll leave you and never come back again. I trust to God that you have your faith, and believe with all your heart. You shall receive what you've asked for. Wonderful. Now, the lady... I'm sorry, sister. I just have... I see some great high mountains coming up before me---great big mountains. They got snow all over them. Oh, you're here for somebody else, and that person lives just at a mountain. It's Denver, Colorado. And that is a man, and it's some relation to you. And it's an unsaved man. He isn't a Christian; it's dark around the man. And he's been in some kind of a hospital and had a brain operation. And they've injured the nerves. It's a balance nerve; he can't walk. You're trying to... He can't go on like that. And it's your brother-in-law. That's exactly.

**77** Now, that handkerchief that you wiped the tears from your eyes with, send it to him in the name of the Lord Jesus, and may he be made well. Just have faith. Don't doubt. Believe, and thou shall receive. "If you can believe, you will receive." The Bible said that you would. I keep seeing a Spanish woman standing in mid air right through here somewhere. I can't tell where it is, so just be praying, ever where you are. You may even be behind me. I don't know. But please be reverent and sit quiet, just for a few moments. Oh, what a wonderful Lord Jesus we have! How good, how precious He is! He does all things well. Now, if I can get the attention of the little lady here, that's standing before me. Sister, don't weep, see. Bartimaeus perhaps wept. But if you have need of anything, Jesus is here to supply everything that you have need of. Now, I'm your brother, and I'd only tell you truth, sister. And you know that I don't know you, or know nothing about you. You're aware of that. Are you, sister? But, can't you believe that I'm telling the truth about the Bible, that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**78** What if you was standing in His presence? He would know about you what the Father would reveal to Him. Is that right? The woman touched His garment, only He couldn't tell it until the Father had showed Him. He said, "Just as the Father shows me, that I do." My, what a wonderful faith moving in this audience! Oh, if you... When I'm gone from here, weeks, you people will find out you're well. You're getting healed; I just can't call it. It's just everywhere, looks like. Just looks like it just... I look around and it just all turns light, out in that way. And then, such a faith! You're being healed. You'll realize it. Maybe... You just watch and see, pastors, if your people don't come, tell you that they was healed here and wasn't even around... Nobody spoke to them or nothing. They're being healed anyhow. You just can't call it when it's just so much now. So, maybe with our sister here... You have a... I see some trouble with your throat. You got a throat trouble. That is right. And you're very nervous, upset. And you've just had something happen to you, like a heart attack. You had a heart attack just recently, and it's left you real weak and nervous. Come here. Dear heavenly Father, the author of life and the giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this, Thy humble handmaid, Lord. And heal her, and make her completely whole. I ask in Jesus' name, the Son of God. Amen. Now go. Don't doubt a thing, sister. You're blessed of God now. And I've asked, and I believe that I get what I ask for. Don't you believe that? Then go claim it, and you shall have what you've asked for. Amen.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**79** Have faith in God. Do you believe Him? Now, please... I suppose maybe I'm... Yes, I'm getting late, maybe. Now, just a moment. Every one real... I'm trying to work for you, for God, to you. If you'll just be still and don't move for a minute. Let me talk to this woman here. Is this the patient, sir? The Lord bless you, lady. You speak English? That's very good. Now, you see, this must be very reverent. You say, "Brother Branham, what does that have to do with it?" A whole lot. Jesus one time, healing a person, took him out of the crowd and took him outside the city, prayed for him. Is that right?

**80** And one time when Jairus' daughter was dead, all the people were weeping and carrying on, and He put them, every one, out of the house. Is that right? Yes. The way you move, your actions. See, you're in another world. Oh, I love you with all my heart. I wish you could just receive my Lord Jesus just now. You'd see one of the greatest things happen you ever seen in your life. But just believe. Now, here's a woman, perhaps Spanish. I don't know. But God knows her. I don't. If God, our heavenly Father, will speak to this woman through the Holy Spirit, just use my lips, as I submit myself to Him, and let me know what this Spanish woman is here for, will all of you, with one time, say, "That will settle it for me for good. I'll right now then believe the Lord Jesus Christ and accept Him." Will you do it? All right. Then we could have prayer, and everybody would be healed You're already healed. I mean, accept it. Just as you accept it, that's when we know it.

```
Mark 5:38 And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

```
**81** All right, sister. May the Lord Jesus grant it. You Spanish, and me Irish, and years apart, and everything. We don't know one another. But Jesus knows us, doesn't He? He knows all about us. You have a nervous condition, a stomach trouble. That's right. Trouble with your eye also. That's true. You're not from right here. You're not from this locality. No, you're from another place called El Monte, California. Something on that order. That's right. And your name is Naomi. That's right. Moore is your last name. And your house number is 502, something like Mulhill Street. That's right. Isn't that right? Now, you return well. Jesus makes you well. Oh, God, have mercy, I pray, through Jesus' name. Are you believing? Sir, do you want to go eat your supper? Well, go get you a nice big hamburger and eat it. Your stomach trouble left you. Amen. Go and be made... Come. Never an operation, the tumor is done gone. Just run on your road, rejoicing.

**82** Let's say, "Praise the Lord." The Holy Spirit is here, if you could only believe it. This is it. This is what it takes to do it. If you'll believe, heart will never bother you no more. Just keep walking and rejoicing, and thanking God with all your heart and soul. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." If you can have faith. Funny feeling, when I said about that stomach trouble, that man, wasn't it? Now, you go do likewise. Eat your supper, in Jesus' name.

**83** Do you believe out there? ["Amen."] Do you want to be healed, every one of you, right now? All right, then, you do this. Bow your head just a moment. Now, you repeat this prayer. You pray the prayer that I say. [Congregations repeats after Brother Branham:] Dear heavenly Father, I now believe that Jesus Your Son has risen from the dead, and has forgiven my sins, and healed my sickness. I accept it right now. I believe that You're here in Spirit form, doing the same things You did when You were here in flesh. And I accept You as my healer. Help me, Lord, to never doubt no more.

**84** Now, you just be real quiet, keep shut in with God. Keep your head bowed. That's your prayer. Now, just, by faith, look to Him. By eyes of faith now, with your physical eyes closed, look to Him. Just imagine, there He stands, right there by your side. His arms are outstretched. Now, there's only one thing to keep you from receiving it. Right over you hangs a dark shadow. That's Satan, a doubter, trying to say, "Well, I'd..." Something else. Now, I'm going to rebuke that doubt---that thing that would make you doubt. That's my prayer. Now, you just keep shut in with God while I'm praying for you, believing that God's healing power is coming right into you by your own faith right now. God's healing power is moving right into you, by faith that you're receiving it. All the cancers are moving out. The stomach trouble is leaving. The female trouble is leaving. All diseases are leaving. Now, heavenly Father, they have confessed. They have brought their problem to You. And I'm now bringing them unto Thee. And now, this demon of doubt that would hang over the people, that would cause them to doubt...

**85** Satan, you have lost the battle. For years you've kept humanity shut up in doubt, but God in His mercy hath sent us the light. And you are a deceiver. And you're exposed, and you have no legal rights. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, stripped you at Calvary, of everything that you ever had. And you're only a bluff. And we're calling your hand, through the blood of Jesus. And you can't make us doubt no more, so come out of these people, and get away from them, and clean out of this tabernacle tonight. I adjure thee, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, that every doubt moves away from every person, and Jesus Christ makes them completely whole. For the glory of God, I ask this in Jesus' name. And, Satan, you're rebuked. Come out of them!
