---
Date: 1955-06-24
Title: Abraham
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 34 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Abraham



**1** Good evening, friends. I am happy to be here again tonight. Just a little tired. I have just closed several great services before I left the USA. So, I'm going to take a little rest when I get home, if the Lord willing. But we are certainly thankful to be here in Switzerland among you fine people. I believe of everywhere I've ever traveled, I have never seen nicer people than I've met in Switzerland. That is true. I mean that. I didn't have to say it, but I mean it from my heart. So, we trust that the Lord will bless you mightily, and I hope I'll be just as much blessing to you as you have been to me. And maybe sometime in the future, if God willing, I could come back again, maybe, and be with you longer. Just two more nights of the service, and then I have to go, I suppose.

**2** That's usually the way it goes: Just when you get acquainted with people, then you've got to say goodbye. But I'm hoping someday, where we'll all speak one language, we'll never be old, no sickness, no death. We'll meet again. Then I want an appointment with each one of you, for a thousand years. We'll have plenty of time then. This is the day; we must work while it is day. Night cometh when no man works. Now, there's many letters here, and we are thankful that you have that faith in God. And now, that someone might misunderstand, but these are not that we have anything we put on these letters; it's just obeying the Word of God. I have thousands of testimonies at home of people that's been healed this way: God honoring His Word.

**3** Now, we're going to pray for them, and I pray that God will bless every one. Would you bow your heads with me, and pray with me? God will hear your prayer, too.

**4** Our heavenly Father, I ask Thee that You be merciful to us. Let Thy Spirit come upon Your people, Father. We realize ... and as we are praying over these handkerchiefs, let Thy spirit come upon us. We realize that there's nothing in us as men; it's obeying Your Word. There was no virtue in the serpent on the pole, neither was there any virtue in the pole it hung on; but they who looked, they lived, for it was obedience to God's Word. O God, Creator of heavens and earth, may it be likewise with these. When these are brought to the sick, may every one of them be healed. If we Your servants have found grace in Your sight, let this be so, Father. In Jesus' name. Amen.

**5** We have just been holding a little too late at night, I understand. Last evening someone was telling me, of our party, that many people had to catch a train at nine-thirty. I'm sorry that I held you late. I don't mean to do that, but I just run overtime. Forgive me, please. In Genesis 22, beginning with the 7th verse, we read this Scripture: And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here I am, my son... He said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for the burnt offering? ... Abraham said, My son, God will provide ... a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together. Now, the 24th verse. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD you shall see it.

```
Genesis 22:7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?

Genesis 22:8 And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.

Genesis 22:14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.

```
**6** Shall we bow our heads again? Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, Giver of all good spiritual gifts, Author of Eternal Life, send Thy blessings upon Thy Word. Circumcise the lips that speak and the hearts that hear, and may the seed of God fall into the hearts tonight, and many believe on the Lord Jesus, and be healed of their sickness. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. (Now, you watch for me that I won't be too long. Watch the time for me.) I just said to the managers back there to watch the time for me.

**7** We want to speak tonight again about Abraham. And I just love those old Bible characters, because all the Old Testament was a shadow of the New Testament. All things you see back there pointed to the cross, and all since then points back to the cross. So in the cross, all the plan of salvation and healing was finished there for believers. Now, last night we left Abraham where he had made the ... seen the confirmation of the covenant. How we find that God had give him a promise, and Abraham believed it, though He never give it to him just then, but He gave him the promise. So, if you've got the promise, you've got it anyhow.

**8** If I ask... [Brother Branham speaks to the interpreter.] ( Do you have acorn trees here? Acorn trees here?) ["Yes."] If you asked me for an acorn tree, and I gave you an acorn, you've already got an acorn tree in a seed form. And that's what we try to preach the Word from the Bible, for that is the promise of God in seed form. Jesus said that the Word of God is a seed that a sower sowed. And any divine promise of God will be received into your heart, no unbelief mixed with it; it'll produce just what it promised, for it's God's promise. Just hold on to it like Abraham did, and He will make it real to you.

```
Luke 8:11 Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.

```
**9** Now, to you people that are along here, sitting in these chairs and stretchers, God loves you. No matter what is wrong with you, God, if He's Almighty God, He can do all things, and if He cannot do all things, then He is not Almighty God. I would not stand here and speak to you, unless I knew what I was speaking of. You notice, now every night there's someone raises from the stretcher or wheelchair, paralyzed, or something wrong with them. They go out well, the deaf hear, blind see, and signs of the living God. See, God is still alive. God never leaves the earth. Sometimes He takes His man, but never His Spirit. He took Elijah, and His spirit came upon Elisha. Several hundred years later, it came upon John the Baptist, and predicted to come again in the last days. God promised it.

**10** Now, the devil, he takes his man, and the spirit remains here on someone else. Jesus said to the Pharisees, because they did not believe Him... He would not teach their doctrine. He said "You are of the devil, your father." Said, "Which one of your fathers has not persecuted the prophets?" See, the spirit remains here, and the person goes on. Then the resurrection is the judgment. Now, Abraham was the first to go out in a strange country and sojourn just on the promise of God. But he separated himself from all of his associates of the world, and walked alone with God to be a friend.

```
John 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.

Acts 7:52 Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers:

```
**11** Last night we found out how that God confirmed the covenant, and we find the beautiful picture there of what He did at showing Calvary, where He was going to offer His own Son. Then we find Him appearing to Abraham again, and telling He was the Breasted One, so that Abraham could be like a baby to Him, and just nurse from Him, strength, because Abraham was old. He was already a hundred years old, and Sarah was ninety. That was fifty years ... or, forty years past menopause. He married her when she was a little girl, and he was just a young man. And they had lived together as husband and wife all these years. Then when menopause ceased, then forty years passed, and they were still believing God's promise. That's wonderful.

```
Genesis 17:17 Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear?

```
**12** That's the kind of faith that we all want. Do not argue about it. The Bible is not to be argued. The Bible is to be preached and lived. Jesus said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then believe Me not. But if I do the works of My Father, then believe the works." And today, if we don't live the Christian life, well then, people can say we're not Christians. But if Christ is in you, He lives His life in you.

```
John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

```
**13** As Paul said, "It's no more me, but Christ that liveth in me." And if Christ lives in a man, Christ lives His life like He did when He was here on earth, for He said so. He said, "A little while and the world won't see Me no more, but you shall see Me. For I will be with you to the end of the world. And the things that I do, so shall you do." And He's raised from the dead, and He's here now in the same power that He had when He was here on earth, doing the same thing, saving the same kind of people, healing the same kind of sick, showing the same kind of visions.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Galatians 2:20 I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.

```
**14** And over in the New Testament, when the church was first inaugurated, Peter said in his sermon to the church, that God said, "In the last days I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions." God has promised, the things that Jesus did would be done again in the last days. And we're living in that day. Jesus did not claim to be a great healer. He gave all praise to God. And He said, "I can do nothing in Myself," when He was questioned why He didn't heal all the sick people.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

Acts 2:17 And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

```
**15** When He went down to the pool of Bethesda, there laid thousands of people, lame, twisted, and halt, and blind. He walked among them, till He found a man laying on a pallet. He made him well and left the rest of them. That's Saint John 5. And in the 19th verse, He is being questioned. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Christ had perfect faith in God. For Jesus was just a body, and God was in Him. The Bible says that God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself.

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**16** Now, Abraham, after he received the promise, he journeyed on, after God confirmed the promise to him. So, we find him now in about the 18th chapter of Genesis, after Lot had separated himself... Lot went down into Sodom and Gomorrah, a very beautiful type of lukewarm believers today that love the world and the things of the world. The Bible said, "If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not even in you." So, Lot went down with the backsliders. But Abraham stayed out where God placed him, for he knew that God promised to him that he was going to heir the whole thing.

```
Genesis 13:10 And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zoar.

Genesis 13:11 Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.

Genesis 13:12 Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.

1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**17** So, the lands were poor. The herd probably was very thin. One day while Abraham was sitting under the oak, he lifted up his eyes, and standing in front of him, stood three men. And one of them was Almighty God Himself. I wonder why that God appeared in that form with dust over Him. Abraham invited Him in, and he went and killed a calf, cooked the meat, got some butter and some milk, and Sarah went and got some cakes, and set them down before them. And Almighty God ate food like a man. Do you imagine what God did there? He just reached out and got a handful of atoms, and some petroleum, [Brother Branham speaks to the interpreter.] ( petroleum, you know, oils and stuff) and got the cosmic light, what the human body's made up of, and put it together, and lived in it. It was a preview what He was going to be anyhow, for He was manifested in the flesh in Christ Jesus.

```
Genesis 18:1 And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day;

Genesis 18:2 And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground,

Genesis 18:3 And said, My Lord, if now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant:

Genesis 18:4 Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree:

Genesis 18:5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said.

Genesis 18:6 And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth.

Genesis 18:7 And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it.

Genesis 18:8 And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.

```
**18** Oh, He's wonderful. Some glorious day these bodies of ours are going back where they come from. But if our spirit is right with God, at the resurrection every body will come back again. The other day I was combing my hair, and my wife said, "Billy, you're losing most of your hair." I said, "But, honey, I haven't lost a one of them." She said, "Where are they at?" I said, "Where were they before I got them? They're there now waiting for me in the resurrection." Amen. They was one time they wasn't. Then there was a time they were. Now, there is a time they are not. But according to the Bible, there'll be a time when they'll be again.

**19** I met a doctor the other day. I said, "Doctor, is it true every time we eat, we build blood cells in our body, that makes us grow?" He said, "That is true." I said, "I ask you a question. I'm eating the same kind of food now that I ate when I was sixteen. When I was sixteen, I ate the food, I grew, got stronger, bigger. And now, I eat the same food, perhaps better and more of it, and I'm getting older and weaker all the time." I said, "Explain that." It's not scientific. If this glass has got water in it, and you pour more in it, it just keeps filling up, filling up. But why is it, it gets to a certain spot, and you keep pouring water in it, and it keeps going down? Because God has said. That's why. God has a way. Just like that flower, it started up; it come to its maturity, then it starts wilting away, but it comes back again.

**20** Now, when God told Abraham when He met him there in a body, he had to wash the dust off of His feet. The Bible said that was God. And He turned His back to the tent; He said, "Abraham, where is Sarah?" Said, "She's in the tent." He said, "And according to life, as it is with women, I will visit you." And Sarah heard it. And when Sarah heard it, she laughed in her heart, not out loud. The Bible said that He had His back turned to the tent where Sarah was, and He looked at Abraham, said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" See what I mean? God knows all things. He knows what you are. He knows what's wrong with you. That's always been a sign of God, to pre-see, foresee, foretell. Look at the woman at the well, when Jesus told her she had five husbands. Why, she said, "I know when Messiah cometh He will do these things." But she thought He was a prophet, but He told her He was the Son of God. And He's the same today. That was the Son of God back there with Abraham; He was in a body. Oh, I hope you see that.

```
Genesis 18:9 And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.

Genesis 18:10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.

Genesis 18:11 Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.

Genesis 18:12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?

Genesis 18:13 And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

```
**21** Now notice. Then God told that, that would be the next month then. And the next month it was with Sarah as it is with women, after it had ceased forty years. I want you to notice another little thing here. I know, my brethren, you're going to criticize this, but I want you just to be quiet for a moment, and look this over after you get home. Watch what God done to Abraham there, when He give him the promise. Now, we all know that something had to happen to Sarah. She was nearly a hundred years old. Now, when you read the Bible, if the only experience you got, come out of some school or some seminary, you lack something.

**22** Listen, you've got to be borned again of the Spirit of God. If you're not, you'll never understand the Word of God. God has said so. God said, "I have hid this Bible from the wise and prudent, and will reveal it to babes such as will believe." If you want to get anything from God, just be a baby. Open up the Bible. Fall in love with Jesus.

```
Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

```
**23** Now, when my wife writes me a letter, well, I read it. And she starts off, "Dear Billy, I am sitting here tonight. I am thinking much about you." That's what she's saying on the paper, but I can tell what ... between the lines, what she's reading ... saying. The Bible you must read between the lines, because God has hid it from those who just read the Word alone. I am quoting Scripture that He has hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and will reveal it to babes such as will learn. All that's ever read that in the Bible, say, "Amen." Then it's the babies that'll humble themselves, not be puffed up, but be humble, and say, "Lord, I believe it."

```
Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

```
**24** A friend of mine, John Sproule, he came over to France for a little visit. I believe it was Alsace, Lorraine. And he walked into a garden, and there was a statue of Jesus...
