---
Date: 1955-10-06
Title: The book of Exodus, part 2
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 33 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The book of Exodus, part 2



**1** Bless you. Shall we pray. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for Jesus the Son of God, who has come to the earth and died that we might have fellowship one with another while His blood cleanses us from all uncleanliness, brings us together in this fine time of fellowship. And we pray that He will smile upon us tonight, and give us of His blessings. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. You be seated. Thank you, Brother Joseph. I'm unworthy of a compliment like that. But I know that's... I hope the Lord thinks that well of me when I leave the world. Thank you, Brother Joseph. You all pray for me. And thank you, too, friends for your nice compliment.

```
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**2** Someone one time, I was preaching and went out, there was a... Someone, some brother said, "Oh, Brother Branham, I really appreciated that." There was a fellow standing there, he said, "You know, I wouldn't have people to say that about me." Said, "I don't like for people to say things. I don't like them to brag on me." I said, "I do." I said, "There's just one difference between you and I: I'm honest about it." And I think that's right. We all like for somebody to say something nice, don't we? Yeah. But, and then I believe Jesus likes for us to tell how we love Him, too. Don't you think? That's right.

**3** Thank you. I'm just a little tired tonight. We had a service this afternoon and so we... This is eight straight nights now, so I'm just a little bit tired. Not much, but just enough till I can feel it good. I'm not sleeping at night, is what it is. I don't get enough sleep. And that's what kind of hinders me a little. Now, everybody love Him, tonight, with all your heart? Amen. That's the way, that's fine. Now, tomorrow night, Friday night... And I'm trusting that Mrs. Branham may get to come up Saturday, I'm not sure whether she will or not. And I hope she brings Joseph along.

**4** You know, I remember, little Joseph about six years before he was born, I was over at Minneapolis, a praying. I was just reading the life of Joseph, what a wonderful person he was. And then there was... I went into a little closet where I had my clothes hanging, and I pulled the door together. And I was just a weeping and thanking the Lord for this Joseph. And something just said to me, not a vision, but something just said to me, "You'll have a boy; you'll call his name Joseph." So I thought, Well, now, that's fine. I thank You, Lord. So I begin to tell the people about it. Well, immediately, about, oh, about a year later. There was a little baby born in our house. When it was coming on, some of them said, "Is this Joseph?" I said, "I don't know." I said, "Can't say that." For our other one had been a girl, four years, since. And so then when the little baby was born, it was a little girl. Then you talk about razzing me, especially my brothers, you know, brothers in flesh that said, "I thought it was right every time, Billy?" I said, "It is. Just don't worry. He'll be here." Said, "Oh, yeah. Meda, thirty-five years old. And sectional birth each time. Said, "I know it'll be here." I said, "Sure." Said, "You sure of that?" I said, "I'm positive of it." I said, "God always tells the truth. I'll have a baby and his name will be Joseph." And so they said, "It can't be." Two years ... one year passed, two, three, four, going into the fifth year. No, no Joseph yet. After awhile, when Joseph come along, why, I was down at the hospital and wife was up in the room. And here come the nurse down. Some of them said, "Is this Joseph?" I said, "I don't know." I said, "I know Joseph is coming. I don't know when." I said, "He will be here." Nurse come down the steps, she said, "Rev. Branham!" I said, "Yeah." Said, "You got a fine seven-pound boy." I said, "Joseph, you're a long time getting here. I'm sure glad you arrived." That's right. So

**5** when the Lord tells you anything, you believe Him, because He's going to do it, see. Don't you worry. It may take a little while, but He'll do it in His own good time, won't He? And so, we love Him, because that's the way we can take Him on any promise. Whatever He says, that's just what He's going to do. And we believe it with all of our heart. Now, looking down here in the orchestra pit, is that right, what you call it? [Man says, "Yeah, sure."] I don't see many musicians, I don't think, but I see some taking the tapes. Glad to see you, Leo and Gene, my brethren down in there. I heard you had a sore mouth from getting a tooth pulled. Well, I'm glad it's better. That's fine. All right. The Lord be merciful to us as we worship Him tonight now.

**6** And I want to read for a text here, a little place found to continue on our service from where we were at last night in the book of redemption. And I understand that Saturday is a breakfast, and Sunday afternoon that my little Brother Tommy Hicks is going to speak here. Is that right? And I'm sure you all will enjoy Tommy, 'cause he just come back from Russia, from behind the line. And you know, the strange thing about that: When he said he was going over there, we was all at the Christian Businessmen's Breakfast and he said he was going to Russia. And Mr. Fisher---he may be sitting here, now. He's the attorney of the Christian Businessmen, very fine, from way back in the early old Azusa Street, the Pentecostal. Very well looked-up-to man all over the nation. And so, Mr. Fisher made a talk. And he said, "Well, I believe he's going to go over." And he said, "Well, why, Mr. Fisher?" He said, "Well, the first thing," said, "the Russians then, they let him come in," said, "then they'll find out really who is Christians and who is not---the communists." And said, "Another thing, they'll think that poor little, silly boy ain't going to do no harm over here." So they let him in. So they did. But I imagine he did do them some harm, because he's a preacher of the Gospel and a good man with it. So I'm thankful that he was over there. Now the strange thing, I just stuck my neck out a little far, and I said, "Now, Tommy, if you go and get back then I'll go." So, I don't know now. Now I'm in it. So I'd like to go, all right. But I hope it's the leading of the Lord when we go in there.

**7** Now, over in the gospel of the... Now, the book of Exodus, rather, the fourteenth chapter. I like the ending up of this 13th chapter, the pillar of fire: A pillar of fire that led the children of Israel through the day and night. In the daytime it looked like a cloud and at nighttime it looked like a pillar of fire leading Israel. And that was the Angel of the covenant, none other than Jesus Christ Himself, before He was made flesh and come in the womb of Mary. It was Christ. Moses followed Christ. Christ said this; the Scripture says that He was in the wilderness with Moses. And that's who He was, the Angel of the covenant. And now in the fifteenth verse, we read this: And the Lord said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak to the children of Israel, that they go forward: I kind of like that, don't you? May the Lord add His blessings to His Word.

```
Exodus 13:21 And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:

Exodus 14:15 And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:

```
**8** Now, tonight is mid-week and I was, tonight, going to call up all the people that had their prayer cards. But, after I started over here, I'm just so tired, I think, I'll just go ahead and have the regular service for the sick. And maybe, tomorrow night, if God willing, I want to pray for everybody that's got a prayer card, tomorrow night. Brother Moore even told me---and Brother Brown--- (That's the way we first started out.), they said, "We'll come to the platform help you, Brother Branham." And they're always anxious for me to get back into those types of service. And, I'm just as anxious to get back to it, too. It may be a little strange for a while, but it'll work right around to a far more exceeding than what it is now. And so, tomorrow night, everyone holding a prayer card, will be called to the platform. I think they got out prayer cards. I asked the boy just a few minutes ago and brethren there that if there's any prayer cards give out. They said, "There's already about two hundred out." I's and K's. And said them letters, and said that, if I wanted to call some tonight, I'd call from some of them, and then tomorrow night, we'd pray for all of them.

**9** Now, last night we was talking and running a series of Scriptures of the book of Exodus. We find out that the exodus meant "the calling out." God separating His people from the unbeliever. And then along, as He taken them we find out in the Scripture that there was a mixed multitude that went up. And that's what got the real believer in trouble, because it was a mixed multitude. They was the one who melted their earrings and so forth, and made a calf to go back into Egypt. Now when the phenomenal is done, the miracle of God was performed, and everybody rallied to it, and then a mixed multitude followed out, because they were going... They were circumcised and kept the Passover and so forth, but still they were a mixed multitude: unbelievers with the believers. And it finally showed up on them. Now, then we find out that there was three great principles that we were going to talk on. And that... And this book of Exodus called out, separated, and also a book of redemption. And the three principles we were going to talk on was the power of the devil, and the power of faith, and the power of God.

**10** And last night, we found out that the devil does have a power, and that power is death. And after death, the devil can do no more. He is finished at death. And how that he brought the... Moses, right down when he found out that he was going to be born, why, he killed all the children along, trying to cut off God's servant that was to be a chosen vessel. How he did the same thing by Abel, when he seen out of the line of Abel was going to come the righteous seed. And then God, of course, brought Seth in to take his place. And then, in the royal seed in Chronicles, and also over in the book of Matthew, Jesus---how he killed all the children trying to cut off ... or, to stop God's program. But there's no way at all of ever stopping God's program. Here, not long ago, they made a proclamation that you couldn't shout no more, and all these things, was going to try to pass it in Congress, said they'd stop all the doors and every people that didn't belong to a certain denomination when the confederation of churches united; and going in now to form the mark of the beast for this nation, this world. When they're all confederating themselves together, they were going to pull every door and shut every door. And they will do it sometime. And everybody that don't belong to a certain denomination that's in this confederation of churches, will have to take the mark. And doing so, well, then, they think then that they'll stop all of this stuff, like divine healing and all these things that the churches don't accept. But they'll never do it; you can't do it. God's church will move on just as sure as the world. They've tried that before---fed them to lions and burned them to the stake---but God's church moved on just the same. Said, "The gates of hell cannot prevail against it." Showed that all the gates of hell would be against it and the powers of hell, but it would never prevail. God will move right on with His church. It always will be that way.

```
Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

```
**11** They've tried to stop it. They've tried to burn it out of people. They've tried to feed it to lions, and the lions wouldn't eat it. And so they've tried a lot of things, to stomp out this old-time religion, but it'll be good on till Jesus comes. Amen. So there's no way of stopping it. The devil is a shrewd fellow all right. And he carries the power of death with him; but that's all the farther he can go, is death. But then, we find out then, that faith stepped in then. At the death, then faith stepped in and recognized a God of resurrection. No matter when we go at the grave and lay our loved ones down, the tears falling from our cheeks, and sadness, and see a young mother with her baby on her arm—like I did of my own wife—and all those things standing there...

**12** I remember that day, standing there, where little old Billy Paul hugged up against me, a little bitty eighteen, about eighteen-months-old baby, holding him in my arms, him looking at his mother and little sister laying on the arm of the mother, as they lowered them down. And the minister picked up a bunch of dirt and said, "Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust, and earth to earth." When I heard those clods dropping in the face of my baby and wife, oh, my, my heart was tearing out. But standing there listening coming down through them old pine trees, there seemed to be a song coming: "There's a land beyond the river," see. Right in the midst of death, where I seen what Satan had done, just beyond that I seen the resurrection. "I am the resurrection and life," saith God: "he that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. Whosoever..." What was it? It was faith. I walked over there and I said, "God bless you, honey, rest your souls in peace. And some day, I'll see you again." Amen.

```
John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

```
**13** Here not long ago, Billy and I taken a little flower to his mother's grave. It's been... He was just a little lad. He had about eight or ten years old, coming down to the grave, he begin crying. It was just before daylight. I set the flower down. He had his hat in his hand. And we knelt down by the side of the grave. He put his head over on me and begin crying. He said, "Daddy, my mother lays there." I said, "No, no, unh-uh, your mother is there," see. "Not there." I said, "Honey, we're looking across a mound, here, see; it's heaped up." I said, "Because I put her in a concrete box." I said, "It won't fall in, but there's a mound here that's heaped up. But way across the sea, there's one that had the doors broke on it. And the One who raised from the dead said, 'He that heareth My words, and believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet, shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me, shall never die.'" I said, "They were in His arms safely. So beyond all this dark cloud that we see, faith catches a glimpse of the resurrection over yonder, of a God." So I'm so thankful that there is hope beyond the grave. And faith that brings us to that place... Though I... Faith may take its position on the rock of God's Word, and all the waves of hell beating against it's foundation, it'll take its eagle eye and soar beyond them clouds, and see the God of resurrection and promise. I'm so thankful for that tonight. And I know you are. And every believer is.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

```
**14** Think. We have an anchor. Amen. That's in the veil. We can't see it sometimes, but we know it's there. Like the little boy was flying the kite. They said, "Where is it?" Said, "I can't see it." Said, "I know it's still there, 'cause I can feel it." So that's right. We may not be able to see it. Times gets dark, the clouds may hide His blessed face for a spell. But remember, the clouds may hide His face, but it don't hide Him. It can hide the sun from you, but it's still shining beyond the cloud. And faith sees the sun beyond the cloud. And here was Moses' mother in the conflict of testing of her faith. And every child, every son, that cometh to God, first must be tried. God tests your faith. Now looked like God could just simply bypass the whole thing and don't have any ... appropriate a way, and just cut the thing off, but it's better that He gives you a test, and then comes to you when you're in the test. I like that, don't you? The greatest experiences of my life, is when I come up against a mountain, that I can't get over it, under it, or around it. And just stand still, and God will move the thing back. And He'll move... No matter how dark the cloud is, faith peers it yonder with an eye that looks beyond anything that the devil can set before you. 'Cause God is our victory. Amen.

```
Hebrews 12:6 For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.

```
**15** Even death itself has no terrors. No wonder the believer can stand and say, "O death, where is thy sting? And grave, where is thy victory? But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." That's the faith that maketh not ashamed. That's the faith that overcomes. And now, this mother, with her only baby as far as we know. No, I beg your pardon; it wasn't her only baby. She had another one, Miriam. So the mother with her little baby laid into to a little slime-pitched, bulrush-made basket, that by faith, that God moving by revelation...

```
Exodus 2:3 And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink.

1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

1 Corinthians 15:56 The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law.

```
**16** Did you know the whole church of the living God is built upon the revelation of the Lord Jesus? In the Garden of Eden, after the children of Israel ... (Pardon me.) After Cain and Abel and them were turned out of the Garden. Did you notice how that Cain being, not a communist, who came and worshipped the Lord, and offered a sacrifice and done all he could... Very religious, Cain was. But Abel, he came not with works, but "by faith," the Bible said. He offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain, God testifying that he was righteous, because he seen the program of God, which was revealed to him. Now they hadn't... The Bible wasn't written then. So if Cain, his brother, who sat under the same teaching of father and mother, came down and brought fruit to make the offering, but Abel, by revelation... He saw that it wasn't fruits that brought us out of the Garden of Eden, as some people still think it was, but it wasn't fruits. It was the blood of his mother who made him mortal ... or, his father. So he came and offered the blood of a lamb, by divine revelation. No one to tell him anything about it, but he, by faith, he seen the Son of God coming, and offered a lamb. In a figurative type, seeing that Jesus was the Lamb slain before the foundation of the world. And God testified, that's the truth. God will always testify the truth. That's the reason I'm so happy when we can introduce to the nations of the world, a resurrected Jesus Christ. It's not a fiction story, or story of fiction. It is an absolute positive statement of Jehovah God Himself, that He raised up Jesus from the dead. And it can be proven. That's the good part about it. Now, Cain, when he seen his brother, 'course, he slew his brother, was jealous. But notice, how Abel got this.

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:

Genesis 4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.

Hebrews 11:4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

```
**17** Now, Jesus when He come to the earth, coming down off the mount of Transfiguration, one day, or off the mountain, they said, "Who does man say I the Son of man am?" And some of them said, "Well, some says You're Moses: and some, Elias; and some so forth, the prophet." He said, "But who do you say I am?" Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And He turned to Peter and said, "Blessed art thou, Simon, Jonas, (the son of Jonas in other words), for flesh and blood has not revealed this to you. You never learned it by any reading. You never learned it by any seminary. You never learned it by any scholarship, see. Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but My Father which is in heaven has revealed it to you. And I say, thou art Peter, and upon this Rock..." What? Spiritual revelation that Jesus is the Christ---not mental conception, but spiritual revelation. "Flesh and blood has not revealed to you, but My Father which is in heaven has revealed this to you. And upon this rock I will build My church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it."

```
Matthew 16:13 When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?

Matthew 16:14 And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets.

Matthew 16:15 He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?

Matthew 16:16 And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.

Matthew 16:17 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

Mark 8:27 And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I am?

Mark 8:28 And they answered, John the Baptist: but some say, Elias; and others, One of the prophets.

Mark 8:29 And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ.

Luke 9:18 And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?

Luke 9:19 They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.

Luke 9:20 He said unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of God.

```
**18** What is it? A revelation. What is faith? Is God, by the Spirit, revealing to you something that He's going to do, or He has promised. Now if you only hear it: Faith cometh by hearing, but hearing is not faith. A loaf of bread is purchased for twenty-five cents. But twenty-five cents is not the loaf of bread, see. Hearing does... Hearing only brings the Word that produces faith. But, "Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen." Then you see, you hear the Word, God reveals it to you that it is the truth, and by Spirit-revealed truth, confirms your faith to God. You get it? Now notice. Then, that's the church that God built upon the rock that the gates of hell can't prevail against it. Now, if we'll notice how that Miriam ... or, Moses' mother, rather, when she was standing there with her baby, to lay it in death. Every male child was throwed into the river as soon as it was born. See it was a male, pitch it out into the river. And here stands the mother now, knowing that he was the proper child. He was God's predestined son. Now don't...

```
Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

```
**19** The word predestinate, that's not a good word to use. The word foreknowledge is better. Predestination looks back to foreknowledge and foreknowledge looks to destination. But God not making, set it in order, a little hole that you have to go through and can't go no other way; but God in order to be God, He knowed the end from the beginning, so He could predict it, and set things in order to happen. Now, notice. By God's wise providence, He had revealed by spiritual revelation that this was going to be His chosen vessel. And his mother wasn't scared of the king's commandments. For by faith she saw him, with the children of Israel, placing them over in the Promised Land. Amen. What eyes of faith! What a power faith has! Oh, it goes so far beyond the devil's power. The devil takes you to death, but faith looks beyond that. The devil shows you the graveyard, said, "You're every one going." That's right. But thanks be to God, we're coming again. When Jesus comes, those that sleep in Him shall come with Him. So faith is much more powerful than anything the devil has. The devil can put out scarecrows, and everything else, and make you shadows and say, "You're going to die in the morning. And this is the last hour. And this is that and the other." But that don't scare the believer. He's just a bluff. If God reveals to me it's not going to happen, I don't care what he says. I'm going to come out of it anyhow.

**20** When Mayo Brothers told me I just had a few days left in my body of life that I was going to live, I believed them. I said, "Well, it looks like I'm gone." Then the Holy Spirit revealed to me, "Your ministry is just beginning." Hallelujah! No matter what Mayo Brothers said, I didn't think of what they said, I thought what God said. Here not long ago, standing in a hospital with a young fellow about six, seven years ago, maybe a little better. A young man dying with black diphtheria. The old dad called me to go pray for the baby ... or, the boy, rather. He was about fifteen years old. And the boy was dying. And the doctor, he wouldn't let me go in; he said, "You can't go in. You got children of your own." I said, "But I'll take the risk." He said, "But you'll take diphtheria to your children." I said, "If I got faith enough to go into the diphtheria, I got faith enough that God won't let my children take it." He said, "You can't do it." The man was Catholic by faith. I said, "Now, if I was a priest standing here and was going to give the last rites to that boy, would you let..." "Oh," he said, "that's different." I said, "No, it isn't. This is just as sacred to us as the last rites would be to you."

**21** Well, I out-talked him. So, he went up and dressed me up, all over in white, and put a big thing over my face. And I couldn't hardly see where I was going. Here I come through there with a gown dragging way behind me. You'd have never knowed me then. I walked down through there; it was all right. There's one way of getting there. That's following the rules. Always play the game square and you'll win. So I went down through there, and the mother and father went along. There laid the boy dying, been unconscious two days. I went around. I tried to talk to him. He wouldn't talk. So I knelt down, looked at the father, and he looked at me. The tears was in his eyes. I laid my hands upon the boy. I said, "Dear Heavenly Father, You said, 'I am the resurrection and life.' You was the One who promised us these things. And this father of this child has called me here to pray, believing, that You sent me to pray for the sick. And this, I, Father, pray, with all my heart, the prayer of faith that would touch Your garment. And with unfailing faith, as far I know in my heart, I believe for this young man to recover." I said, "I ask this in Jesus' name. Amen." Raised up.

```
John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

```
**22** Old father looked over to the mother, said, "Oh, mother, isn't it wonderful?" The boy is just as gone as he ever was. And he said, "Oh, I'm so happy." And the little nurse standing there, weeping. She turned around and she said, "Sir, I don't understand." Said, "Do you know your boy is dying?" He said, "No, ma'am, I don't." He said, "Well, now you see..." He said, he said, "My boy is not dying; my boy is going to live." Said, "God promised it." And he said... "Why, look, it's good to have faith," she said, "sir." But said, "I tell you," she said. Some kind of a cardiogram, or ever what they was doing, some kind of a machine they'd put on his heart... And said, "When it ever goes down like that, its never been known in all medical history for it to ever come back again. Said, "The boy can't live over about three to four hours."

**23** And that old man, I never will forget. He put his hand upon the shoulder of that little young lady, probably in her late teens. He said, "Sister, dear," he said, "you're looking to that machine. That's all you got to look to, but I'm looking at a divine promise." Amen. The next morning, the boy took his breakfast. And he's married and got a child now. See, the woman, all she knew was to do just what that machine said. But this old man looked ... faith, pierced beyond that. And he saw God, who was able to do the exceedingly abundantly. The God who had promised never to fail us or to leave us or forsake us. Depends on what you're looking at. The Christian looks at things they don't see, because they walk by faith. Is that right? We believe it because the Bible has said so. They believe it. That's how we believe is because God said so. Faith tested, tried. It proves out a hundred percent. God is under obligation to answer that faith.

```
Ephesians 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

Hebrews 13:5 Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**24** Look what it did, that mother standing there, as she put her baby into the same death that every other baby had went into. And a little basket about so big, with a baby laying in it. Probably about three months old baby, laying in a little basket about so long. Nothing but a bunch of rushes, like willows, laced together with some pitch and slime messed in it, and push it out into the flags where the crocodiles and everything else was. Why, it would have meant death. Well, sure. It was right in the same river of death, but by faith, an atonement was made for it. By faith---not by an act of natural laws, but by faith. Natural laws would have just proved the alligator smelt the baby, and that was it, see. Or out there the first little wave would have tipped it over, that would have settled it. But faith looked beyond that. She knew that the hand of God was on that baby. Therefore, she wasn't afraid of what the king said. And look what faith done. Faith took him out of the river of death, in resurrection, took him over to Pharaoh's palace, and raised him, and educated him right in the palace of the devil's instrument. If that wasn't one time God pulled the wool over Satan's eyes. Pharaoh was the devil's instrument who was killing the children. And the very children he was going to kill, God sent His instrument back and made him raise him. Hallelujah.

**25** Don't try to outwit God. God works in mysterious ways His wonders to perform. Pharaoh, the hard-hearted demon possessed man was killing every Jewish baby because the devil had anointed him, brought the king of them in, and raised him, and educated, and fed him, and besides that brought his mother over for a nurse for him. Amen. That's what faith will do. The mother saw that. By faith, she saw that. That's the reason she went down there and stood, and waited for her daughter to come, called her to be the nurse. See, she already had it in her mind, 'cause God had revealed it. Amen. If God reveals to you tonight that your sickness is gone through the atonement just as that revealed to that mother, it's finished. Amen. The power of faith. She placed her baby right in the jaws of death with the power of faith to know that he'd raise up again. Amen. Placed him right smack in the jaws of death.

**26** Sometimes trials are brought upon us. People say, "Oh, I wished I didn't... If I'm a Christian, why did this happen Brother Branham?" God let that come upon you, so He could show His love to you. So He could prove to you, "I'm the resurrection and life." Death says, "I got a right." The king's commission is to drown all the babies, put them in the ocean. She said, "I'm putting him in the ocean ... or, in the waters under this, by revelation. I have prepared a way of escape." Amen. And she laid him in death. And faith bought him out. And made him the son of Pharaoh's daughter, and made her the nurse. See how God did? God altogether was working to His own glory. And just putting it right under Satan's nose, and say, "Now, I just wanted to show you just how blind you are, Satan." Put the baby right under his face and made Satan feed him and take care of him. And nourish him up for the very man was going to destroy the whole nation, and lead the people to victory. Hallelujah! Oh, our God is marvelous. Have faith. Stronger than death. Certainly faith is stronger than death. So here goes the power of faith moving.

```
Exodus 1:22 And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.

John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

```
**27** And now, notice. Now, in daytime he was... I guess Egypt was the greatest militant nation in the world, the great commercial center of all the world. And no doubt but what Moses had the ROTC training and everything else. God had to train him like that, because he was going to lead an army. And God made Satan train Moses to lead an army that would destroy himself. Hallelujah! That's the power of faith. By faith she saw that. And not only that, but she made arrangements for it. She placed the baby into the atonement and walked out here and stood on the bank waiting for her call to come. Glory! There you are. Waiting for the time. "For by faith, she endured, seeing Him who is invisible." She knowed this was a proper child. She knowed what God had promised, the time of the deliverance for the children was drawing nigh. And she knowed this was the baby. Amen.

**28** And now, in the daytime, the chief officers, the best training that could be brought. His dinner was brought on a platter by Satan: feeding him. Oh, my, as it was today, fried chicken, steak, potatoes and tea: everything. Him sitting back there, and God said, "See what I can do, Satan. You're not so great after all, see. We put him in death like you required, but that mother seen what I'm going to do yonder, through Jesus Christ---all peoples that believe in Me. By faith she done it. And when Moses was well trained as a real officer, 'cause Pharaoh thought he'll lead after... He had his foot on the throne. And Pharaoh said, "Some day he will be the pharaoh." And then, when he trained him the very best, and it was God doing all of this. 'Cause, why, the Amorites and them had not a chance with that well-trained man, Moses; when he set his army in order out there and started up with them. Why certainly not. He took them just like Grant did Richmond. They had nothing to do into it. I'm telling you. He went right on, 'cause he was trained in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. And then after his schooling was over, his night study was over, mother taken him into the bedroom, and she was training him. Hallelujah. A teacher of righteousness. So you see, every mother is a preacher. She has got a little... She's got a little congregation of her own at home.

**29** So she trained Moses, telling him. Now he said, "Mother, I understand. Now we've had all the training today, but now what was you saying that Jehovah was going to do?" And she begin to read to him, by faith. And when he become the age to take the throne, he refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter. For by faith (Hallelujah) he seen what it done for his mother, and he took the same thing. I see what it done for Paul, I see what it done for Peter, I see what it's done for others. I want the same thing. By faith. No matter how dark the cloud looks, that don't make it. The sun is shining just beyond there. We'll move right on till the sun shines. The storms cannot hide His blessed face. Amen. Oh, He has not promised smooth sailing. But He has always promised, "I will be with you." Amen. Well, what difference does it make, how much storm there is as long as He's around? The waves and the winds obey His will. Amen.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

```
**30** Now, oh, we could take hours on that. That wonderful thing of faith! How He kept the Passover, by faith. How he met God and talked to Him. By faith, he went down and kept the Paschal lamb, came out, and was on his road. God doing all this through the power of faith. See what faith will do?

**31** Now, they led him right out on the road to the promised land. You know all the contest between God and Pharaoh down there. How by faith he did this, by faith he did this, and by faith he did this. And now, in our text tonight, we find them on their journey, and they look out yonder and there's the Red Sea, mountains on both sides, and they lifted up their eyes and looked back, and there come Pharaoh, with all of his army, all of his trained soldiers, his chariots, and a captain of each chariot; and so forth. Here come a great cloud of dust while tens of thousands, yes, perhaps a million or more, armed men come. And here this bunch of little sheep was backed up with a drove of wolves coming on them. Then what happened? Just the human, just like we all do. "Wasn't there enough graves down in Egypt that we could be buried there?" That's the way we think. They'd forgot what all faith had done for them, a few days before. That's what we do. The first little pain hits us, after you've been prayed for, "Oh, well, I guess I lost it." Oh, my. And hear of them coming to the platform been healed of cancer, blinded eyes has been opened. Those who were lame walk again, and all these things and we see it, look at it, examine it, go right on moving. And then the first little conflict comes along, we forget all about that. See the Lord Jesus in the power of His resurrection, but we so quickly forget. That's the human part of it.

```
Exodus 14:10 And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD.

Exodus 14:11 And they said unto Moses, Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?

```
**32** But they seen it, and they were helpless. Now what a place. Would you imagine? A people that's walked reverent before God, that has kept everyone of His precepts. They ate the Paschal lamb, they sprinkled the blood, they followed every instruction just as Moses gave it, reverently. And then, God led them right out there, and trapped them. Oh, my. Helpless, not a thing they can do. Here's the Red Sea, here's the mountains on either side, and they're right back in the little net, and here comes Pharaoh's army. God led them in a trap. Oh, but, my! God drawed the blueprint of their journey before the world was ever made to pass through there. Hallelujah. Don't think I'm crazy 'cause I holler 'Hallelujah.' I can't help it; I'd blow up, I believe, if... Hallelujah means "praise our God." Hal-le-lu-jah, praise our God. All right. That's one word I can speak in German, or any of the rest of language, even to the Hottentots in South Africa. No matter, the same word "hallelujah" is the same. "Praise our God."

**33** Now here they are, all cornered up, God, pushing His children right out that part of Egypt, coming right up along, and trapped them right in this place. The God of Heaven was leading them by a pillar of fire, and brought them into this trap. Now unbelief will say, "Why? Why did He do it? Look, immediately after they got out of that, they went right into the wilderness of sin, right out of there into the murmur, everything. God leads His children through these kind of paths. Some through the waters, some through the flood, Some through deep trials, but all through the blood... Amen. That's the way; just follow. Don't make any difference where He's leading, just keep following. And that's what Israel had done and walked right into a trap. But the human side, they forgot all the miracles, forgot all the great God that had been leading them, and begin to wonder, "What can we do?" Then Moses cried to the Lord. And a voice came back, "Stand still, (Hallelujah) and see the salvation of God." See what? Salvation.

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**34** Now, the display had been proven by Satan. Death in the river. Faith, the power of faith had been proven by the annihilation, leaving Egypt, and all the things they had done. Faith had proved that it was powerful. Now, what about God? Now they're in a trap. Now, it's time for God to display something. The people couldn't act no more. They had followed every precept and was in a trap. Now, it's time for God to act. Say, "Why did He do it?" To show them His love. Maybe, that's why you got sick. He wants to show you His love. He wants you to get to the end of your road, one time. You know, sometime it's too bad, but God has to lay us our back so we'll look up, once and a while. Is that right? Yes. He wanted to show His love. He wanted to show His power. God likes to manifest His power. He told Abraham four hundred and forty years before ... twenty years before that ... or, before forty it was, before that time, that He would bring the children of Israel out under a mighty hand. God has to keep His promise. The same God that said he would bring them out under a mighty hand, and fulfilled it to the letter, the same One said, "If they shall lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." He will fulfill it to the letter. No matter how many critics and people raise up with their theologies and mental conception of the Word without revelation, God will keep His Word anyhow. Amen. I'm not yelling at you. This thing's got an awful voice, and I'm feeling awful good right now. So, I'll try to back away from it.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**35** Notice. Seeing God come in action. Isn't it wonderful? Here some time ago at Arlington, Texas, I was down there, a little... One night going into the hotel where I was staying, I heard a woman crying. And I thought, Somebody in trouble. I turned around to look, and it was just coming through a little place. There was two young girls in their, oh, probably early twenties, twenty-one, twenty-two years old, was standing there, a blond and a black-headed girl. They had their arms around one another weeping. And I said, "Pardon me, miss, could I..." I said, "I'm a minister, could I help you?" And she said, "Yes, Brother Branham." I knew she knew me. And I said, "What's the matter?" She said, "We seen we couldn't get a prayer card and get in the line. We knowed what hotel you were staying in, so we stayed right here. Thought maybe your shadow might pass over my little friend, and be healed." Oh, my. I said, "What's the matter?" Says, "It's mental. I brought her here."

**36** Standing there in that great faith---not a make believe, but a real faith---a vision broke forth. I said, "Yes. You come from northern Texas, near Lubbock." I said, "You brought her here in a yellow Buick car, coming along where there was half the road was concrete and the other half was tar." I said, "You started to turn the corner and you were both laughing, had the top down, you almost had a wreck." And she just screamed the top of her voice. And I said, "And 'thus saith the Lord,' she's healed." That's right. And there... Next day, she like to set the town afire. She stirred the nest of the devil. Let me tell you. If you want the devil stirred up, just start preaching divine healing. Peter preached on the day of Pentecost, and three thousand souls was saved and Satan never even moved. But a couple days afterwards, he healed a man at the gate called Beautiful who was lame and all hell turned loose on him. That's right. The devil don't like to see God display His power. He thinks he has got a lot of power, but he's finished. Amen. Our Christ is predominant. Take the initiative. Don't let him push something on you.

**37** That same day... A couple days after that here come the little girls... Brother Baxter come in and said, "Brother Branham," said, "the fats in the fire." I said, "What's the matter?" "Oh, they said that," said, "they're going to expose you tonight, as Simon the sorcerer." I said, "Oh, is that so?" Said, "Yeah," said, "Brother Branham, they got cards out all over the city, and" said, "them two girls, you know, the ones was healed?" I said, "Yes." Said, "They're downstairs, crying, packing up their clothes to go home." Said, "Oh, it's pathetic, Brother Branham." I said, "What's the matter?" He said, "Well," they said, "that they hated it because their testimony had stirred up such an awful row down here." They were Methodist. And so, they said, "They had stirred such a row that they were going to... The FBI was going to get you tonight, and expose you as Simon the sorcerer." "Well," I said, "if that's right, I ought to be exposed," see. I said, "Sure." He said, "Well, you better go down and talk to them." Said, "They're downstairs."

**38** I said, "What room are they in?" He told me. And I went and knocked on the door. And they were crying, packing their clothes. "Oh," said, "Brother Branham, we're so sorry." I said, "What're you sorry about?" I said... She said, "Oh, we caused so much trouble. We've got you in trouble." I said, "You have? Over getting someone healed?" I said, "You ain't got me in trouble; you got the devil in trouble." I said, "He's the one's in trouble, not me." And said, "Well, Brother Branham," she said, "we're so sorry." Said, "We sat down by a woman today, and she said, 'Aren't you with the Branham party?'" Said, "No, ma'am." Said, "Oh, yes, you are." Said, "No, I just got healed over there in a hotel the other night." "Said, 'Listen,' said, 'that man is a witch.'" Said, "'We know it.'" "Why," she said, 'Here, lady, my friend that come with me was going to the insane institution. Test her. She's perfectly normal.'" "Said, 'Oh, yes, I know. I put a boy in my meeting ... in his meeting one time that had TB. And he went up there, and done his hocus-pocus over it.' And said, 'The baby got over the TB, but it was the devil.'"

**39** And anybody don't know no more about that than know the devil has not one power or nothing to heal. I challenge that. If the devil can heal, he's in cahoots with God. "I'm the Lord who heals all thy diseases." The devil hasn't got... That was the great contest between the Egyptians down there, when they brought up their soothsayers and so forth. They could perform things, but they couldn't heal. Every time the magicians would do something ... Moses would do something, they'd pattern it; but they could bring it, but they couldn't take it away. So it shows that God is the only One who can heal. Amen.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

```
**40** So she said, "We're sorry. We're going home." And said, "We're so sorry. We are..." I said, "Now, look. You know the girl is healed." "Yes." I said, "Isn't God wonderful in healing?" Said, "Yes." I said, "You ought to see Him in battle. Boy, He's wonderful!" Said, "You're not going over there?" I said, "Well, you don't expect me to run, do you?" I said, "Sure, I'm going over there." Said, "Brother Branham, the FBI is going to expose you." I said, "Expose what? What they got to expose?" I said, "I'm trying my best to be exposed. Trying my best to get the Gospel to everybody I can." I said, "I like to be helped along, a little." Said, "You mean you're going over?"

**41** I said, "Sure." I said, "Come and see the Lord in battle. You know He's wonderful in healing. See Him in battle once time, see how great He is there." I said, "Oh, He's marvelous in battle." I said, "I've never seen Him come in battle yet, but what He come out packing the victory. Even when they put Him in hell. He put His head ... oh, His foot on the neck of the devil and took the keys of death away from him, arose on the third day. Even in death He come out in triumph." Said, "Satan, ain't got nothing on Him." Well, I went over. That night, when they got over there, they had ... the custodian had some little Spanish boys out picking up... Said, "Prayerfully written. Divine healing may be right, but Simon the sorcerer is still on the job." And so I go ... I said, "Brother Baxter, all of you, just leave the building, get back." There was about three or four thousand people, or five there. Meeting just breaking. I said, "I have a little ticket here that said I was Simon the sorcerer. And the FBI is going to expose me." I said, "We might as well get that off our hand right now. Come on, you, and expose me up here. I want you to come." I waited a little while. And I said, "Where are you at? Why don't you come on?" So I waited, wondered what it was. I didn't know what it was all about.

**42** I noticed standing over to my right, in the corner, a big black shadow standing there. I wondered, "What's that for?" I looked back again. It moved from there, come across the people and went up in the balcony, and hung over a man with a blue suit on, one with a gray on. A vision broke. I said, "It isn't the FBI; it's them two backslidden preachers sitting right there." They got down like this. I said, "Don't get down." I said, "Now..." And three or four of them big Texans, rough-handed, they went to get him. I said, "No, no, no. Don't do that. This is not a flesh and blood affair. Let them alone." 'Cause they'd have put a rope around his neck. So I said, "Don't do that. But let me show you something. If I am Simon the sorcerer, I need to be exposed. You come down to this platform here, if I'm Simon the sorcerer. And if I am Simon the sorcerer, I'll drop dead on this platform. And if I'm a man of God, you come down, and you're wrong, and I'm a man of God, you'll drop dead on the platform, and let the audience see who is right and who is wrong. And let God testify who is right." So they sat there a little while, I said, "Well, we'll sing a hymn." When I started singing a hymn, up they got and through the aisle, and out they went. We waited for about thirty minutes, and nobody never did come in. They haven't come in since. Sure.

**43** I said, "I'm sick and tired of this stuff, everywhere." God is great in battle. When He sent you, don't be scared. Stand there. And see God's salvation. Said, "Stand still." There's only One who could produce salvation, that's God. No one else can bring salvation but God. He said, "Now stand still and see the salvation of God." Here come the army. Oh, when I think of it. Here come the army. The dust a roaring. And when Moses stood still to see the salvation of God, the great pillar of fire that was hanging before them---had led them into this trap---moved, went over, and stood between Israel and Pharaoh's army. And they had rejected the light. And any man who rejects the light receives the same thing they did. It become midnight blackness to them. The same light that made a light for the children of Israel to walk by, blinded the eyes of Pharaoh and his army. And the same Holy Ghost Gospel that you call nonsense, that'll carry the church to glory, darkens the eyes of the modern theologian tonight.

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**44** The same Holy Ghost and power that resurrected Jesus Christ that's in this building tonight, blinds the eyes of the modern day preacher and his church. And that's the thing that's blinded them has give light (Hallelujah) since the resurrection of Jesus and the day of Pentecost. God will do it. Can't explain it. But if you don't accept light, it'll become darkness to you. You'll criticize it and call it holy roller and you might as well have a millstone hanged at your neck, and drown in the depths of the sea. You blaspheme the Holy Ghost---is not forgiven. Said, "Who speaks a word against the Son of man would be forgiven. But if you speak against the Holy Ghost, it'll never be forgiven you." But, oh, you knowed so much. So you made fun of the people that was in the Spirit of God, believing in divine healing, and the resurrection of Christ, and the powers of God. You made fun of it. Turned up your nose and walked out of church. I want you to see what happens when you stand before the King who sent this message. Uh-huh! Oh, you think you got it big, but just wait till the day come. This is man's day, the Lord's day is coming. That's right.

```
Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

```
**45** Notice. How marvelous. The same... Oh, I done gone passed. I better quit. God in His power. Just a moment. God moving in His power. He said, "Moses, what are you crying to Me about? Take your rod in your hand and raise up your hand and go forward." Hallelujah. Here goes Moses. Rod in his hand, other hand up saying: We'll walk in the light, what a beautiful light, Come where the dewdrops of mercy are bright. The Angel of God going before them in a pillar of fire, leading them right down to the bank. And when they got there, she walled up for them. Hallelujah. And they walked right out of the trap, God displaying His love and power. When nothing else could help. Amen.

```
Exodus 14:15 And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:

```
**46** Satan's power limited. Faith's power brings to pass God's revealed revelation. God helps those who cannot act and help themselves. The old dishonoring-God proverb that said, "God helps those who help themselves." How ridiculous! God helps those who can't help themselves. Amen. Oh, isn't He wonderful? The power of God, what it does. The power of God is the only thing that can give eternal life. The power of God is the only thing. It's the power of God that built a tree. All the science in the world can't build a tree. God's power built the tree. God's power keeps me alive.

**47** If God calls you out of the hospital, the oxygen tents, and pull motors in the world couldn't keep you here. Salvation is of the Lord. It's God's power that feeds the sparrow. It's God's power that speaks to the little duck up yonder. There is nobody goes up there and shoos him off the lake, and say, "Go on down to Louisiana." No, sir. It's God's power that shoos him off the lake. The little fellow don't know which way to go. It's God's power that directs him to the sound. Hallelujah. It's God's power that directs them to Jesus Christ. It's God's power that brought the wise men to the cradle. It's God's power that thrills the soul of every believer. Amen. God's power to help those who cannot help themselves. Amen. You might have read in the little book... A little story, before closing. I'm a hunter; you know that---a lover of the woods. Here sometime ago, about three, four, or maybe, three months ago, I was sitting with what I call my two students here, Leo and Gene: your boys from around here. They come down and follow me around. They were sitting on the porch and I was teaching them the things of God.

**48** A young woman in our town had give birth to a baby. And she didn't want it. It was a beautiful young woman. And she took the baby and wrapped it in a blanket, put a wire around it and took a taxicab and went out on the bridge and dropped in the river. They caught up with her. So we was sitting there talking of that. Mr. and Mrs. Woods here, the book salesman---they were there---just live right across ... door neighbors to me. The milkman was just come up. And sitting there on the porch that morning, hot as it could be, I noticed coming up the road and turned in... There was four houses between me and the Arctic Springs, a woods over there. Here come an old possum dragging along. He went to every one of those places who did not have any fence, and turned into mine, which has a rock wall and a fence. He started up through the driveway.

**49** Well, now, I understand animals a whole lot. I've studied them. I was a game warden for years. And I love wild life, live in it and study it. And a possum is blind in daytime. He's like the owl; he travels at night. In the daytime, he doesn't travel, unless he's disturbed and run out. Well, here come this possum, and I wondered why he had turned right up there to my house. I said, "It may have rabies." So I told Gene and Leo here, "I'll..." Went out and got a rake was laying there in the yard, where I believe Brother Woods had been using it, raking up the grass. And so I laid the rake over the possum. And usually they ... what they call "play possum." Just grin and lay down. But instead of that, it bit at the rake. And I wondered, Well. I said, "I guess it's either got rabies, or its just mortally hurt." I noticed here... Excuse this; it's kind of nasty to say: But there were maggots all over it, the blows from flies. And the green flies was sticking all over it. And this leg had been chewed up by a dog or run over by a car or something. And it was broke, and it was dragging like that. Well, it was biting at that.

**50** And I happened to notice, when she was so exhausted, when I laid the rake over her... Now, a kangaroo and a possum is the only two animals that has the pocket to pack their young in. And of course, that's carried up by ... like by a nerve, that holds it together. And she was so exhausted, until the pocket let loose. And I noticed why she was fighting so hard, she had nine little naked babies, about that long. And when she did let down, well, then I said to the boys, I said, "Now, boys, come here. And I'll show you a lesson. There's really more mother about this dumb brute, this possum, than there was about that woman that drowned her baby." That's right. I said, "You see, that woman, healthy, young, beautiful, just so she could run to road houses and have a big time, she drowned that poor little innocent baby and in the river." And I said, "Now, this mother possum, probably has another twenty minutes to live, or thirty. She was mortally wounded." And I said, "She can't live over thirty minutes. And she'll give that thirty minutes to fighting for them babies." I said, "There's more mother and real morals about this possum than there is about that woman." A woman is a wonderful thing, a man, too, but when they've got away from God, they're lower down than beast. That's right. They'll do things that a beast wouldn't do. So then, I noticed...

**51** And so, I took the rake off of her, and she didn't hesitate a minute. Up she got and right on up, and laid right down by my steps. Well, I went up there, and I punched her a little bit, and she just wouldn't move. She was gone. They said, "She's dead." I said, "I don't know." I laid my stick on her. And no, she wasn't dead. And those poor little baby possums was nursing from her, trying to. Well, Mrs. Woods, she's sitting here, a lovely God-born-again Christian, if I ever seen one. But she's kind of a veterinary. She said, "Brother Branham, the only human thing to do with that possum now is to kill it." Said, "I tell you, Brother Branham," said, "you see them babies, are nursing from her. And she's perhaps, dead, or will be dead in a couple minutes." And said, "The babies will die, see." Said, "It'll just starve to death." And said, "The only thing to do is take the babies and kill them, and kill the old mother possum, 'cause you couldn't raise them, they're just little bitty things like that." Said, "You couldn't raise them."

**52** I said, "Sister Woods, I know that's right. But," I said, "I just can't do it." "Why," she said, "you're a hunter aren't you?" I said, "Yes, but I'm not a killer." I said, "I ... I just can't do it." And I said, "Them possums are edible. People eat those things, and they're food." I said, "I killed a many one, but I killed it to eat." But, I said, "Not just like that." And she said, "Well, let Banks do it." That's her husband, my dear good buddy. And said, "Let Banks do it." And I said, "I ... I just don't want him to." Well, she just went ahead. That's all she could do. Well, the day had been long. I tried to feed the possum. She never moved no more, and them poor little baby possums and trying to nurse. And then laying there in that hot sun, shining right down on her. Oh, my! What a sight. And her leg was swollen up, way like that. And blows all over it, and the flies all around her. I tried to pour water on her, you know, to run them flies off, and they come right back again. And, oh, is gangrene in it, and so forth. So I said, "My that's horrible looking."

**53** So, along night, Brother Woods come up and he said, "Now, Brother Branham, you've been busy today, people coming and going, everything." Said, "You better take a little ride." So he and his wife, and my wife and I, we got in the car and rode way out through the country. We was riding along, and all at once, I believe my wife, said, "Oh, did you see that little puppy laying there?" And I turned around and went back. Well, I went out to pick him up, and that poor little fellow was just about that high, and about that long. And he was so full of mange, it was cake on top of cake. And lice all over him, or fleas. Just eat up. And I said, "Poor little thing." Sister Woods said, "I believe you ought kill it," said, "'cause it's just going to die." I said, "I'm going to take him home with me, poor little fellow." And I went down and got me some mange cure, and some powders and doctored him up. And, my, he's a big fine dog now.

**54** But, then, when I got back home that night about ten-thirty or eleven o'clock, there laid the old possum. Brother Woods said, "She'll never move." Said, "When it got dark, she would have moved, but she'll never move now." Well, she laid there all night. I couldn't get that possum off my mind. The next morning, I went out, Billy come in. He had been out fishing or somewhere. And He come in around midnight. And the old possum still laying there. So I... The next morning, I went out about six-thirty or seven o'clock, when I got up, and went out, and there laid the old opossum. Well, I thought, She's dead. And I kicked her a little bit, like that. And I seen a little kind of a grin like on the side, when I was kicking her. And I said, "My!" And them poor little possums looked like they were just still trying to nurse her. I thought, What a pity. She couldn't have strength to pull that pocket back again.

**55** Well, my little girl, Rebekah (You know, the one that sits in the meeting and prays for the sick.)... And so then, she come out and looked. She said, "Oh, daddy, look at that poor thing." I said, "Isn't that awful, honey?" And she said, "Oh, I can't look at it." And she went back in the house. And I went into my den room. I sat down, put my hands up like this. I said, "My! I guess today," I said, "I don't know what I'll have to do with that possum." And I was sitting there thinking like that. And oh, I... Something said, "Well," said, "you was preaching a sermon about her yesterday, being a real mother." I said, "Yeah, I know that."

**56** And I said, "I was preaching to Leo and Gene and them telling her, what a... And the milkman and all of them, what a real mother she was. That's right." Said, "Well," said, "you was talking about she wanted to take care of her babies." I said, "Yeah, that's right." And I said, "Well, what about it?" He said, "Well," said, "now I sent her up here. And she has come and laid at your door, like a lady, for twenty-four hours waiting her turn to be prayed for. And you never said a word to her." And I said, "Well, I..." I thought, Who am I talking to? I thought, Well, what happened here? Who was I talking to? "Well," I said, "I was answering somebody." And just then, I felt it, you know. And I thought, O God, was that You? Forgive your poor dumb servant.

**57** And I walked out there where that possum was. I'll meet you in the judgment with this. Walked out there... I've seen it done other times, not just the opossum, but other things. And walked down there where that possum was and there she laid lifeless. I said, "Heavenly Father," I said, "I know that You show me visions of human beings that's sick. You speak to their heart to come be prayed for. And You showed me Brother Bosworth, the very vision, and very minute, and the Angel of God beat the telegram here twenty-four hours from South Africa. Told me about him laying there like that. But as Your sovereign grace to this poor old dumb brute. She had no soul. She didn't know no revelation. But the God of love, the God of life, who knows the sparrow when even they're so insignificant till two of them it takes to make a farthing. Jesus said, "Isn't two sparrows sold for a fourth of a penny; but your Father knows every one of them?" And here that old possum... I said, "If the Holy Ghost has led that old possum, and she's laid here, a dumb brute, unconscious. God forgive me." I said, "Then and if You want... If You also wanted me to pray for this, and You sent it here, and I was so dumb not to know it, I pray Thee, then Father, in Jesus' name, heal this mother."

```
Matthew 10:29 Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.

Luke 12:6 Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?

```
**58** And God my judge, that old possum turned over and looked at me, raised up, gathered up her babies, and put them in her little pocket, not a limp or anything. Looked back to me as if to say, "Thank you, sir." Went strutting down through the yard like that. Walked down through the gate. Went on to the place, just as sound and well as she could be. What is it? The power of God. Hallelujah. God rules in nature. Who hangs out the stars at night? What science could do it? Who sets the sun in the evening and rises it up in the morning? Who holds the world in its orbits? The power of God. Who holds your soul in its range? The power of God. Hallelujah. The power of Satan is limited. The power of God is unlimited. I believe God.

**59** Let's pray. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for Jesus the Son of God, for His mercy, and for all that He's done for us. We thank Thee for the examples of the blessed old Bible. This dear old, black-backed Bible, it's pointed the way for the pilgrim down through the age. We thank Thee, Lord, that Thy Holy Spirit moves over it, like the Shekinah glory. May men open up that Bible, look into the face of it, and move into the holiest of holies, living under the Shekinah glory, in the presence of Almighty God. Crossed the riven veil. Oh, glory to His name. We thank Thee for Thy power. And tonight, Almighty God, come to this platform by the side of Your unprofitable servant, and do that thing which Thou did when You were here on earth, that the people might know that men or science cannot produce it. It must come by the power of God. Who makes the flower to grow? Who puts the pink in one rose and the yellow in the other? Who paints the skies? Who takes the brush in fall of the year and moves along with a white frost and paints leaves red and yellow? Hallelujah. The stroke of the Master, the God of all eternity. Who raises up the sick when they're laying in the shadows of death? God alone. I pray, Father, that in Jesus' name, that You'll move tonight and raise up the sick and the afflicted for Your Glory. Amen.

**60** I'm so sorry I kept you late. Oh, I love Him. Just to think, we're living in the presence of the King. Did you ever sing this old song? Hallelujah, hallelujah; I have crossed the riven veil where the glories never fail, Hallelujah, hallelujah; I am living in the presence of the King. Hallelujah. Crossed the riven veil where the glories never fail. Where the Shekinah glory of God keeps alive. Keeps from contaminating. Keeps from indulging in the world, and sets aside, sanctifies the believer, taking all the things of the world, all the doubt and darkness from his mind, and putting a pure heart. God writing His laws one time, and put it in the table under the ark. And today, the man living in the Shekinah glory, under the mercy seat, God writes His laws upon his heart and preserves them.

```
Hebrews 8:10 For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:

Hebrews 10:16 This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them;

```
**61** I don't want to get started again. Amen. I'm so glad that we can live in the presence of the King. I believe there's some K's and I's or J's, or... Is there anybody got prayer card K? Let's see if I was right. All right. Let's try somewhere from along there then, get a few people to come up. Let's see. Don't want too many. Let's see. Has anybody got prayer card K-85? Raise up your hand. Look and see if you got a K-85. Yeah, the lady? That's fine. All right. 86, who has 86? Raise up your hand. Would you? K-86. All right. 87, they here? 87, all right. 88, come right here. 89, who has 89? Lady here. Do you have 89? 89? Who has it? Raise up your hand, will you, if you can. If you can't, tell the one sitting next to you, raise up your hand. 89? All right fine. 90? All right, the lady here. 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, a 100. Who has prayer card a 100? Raise up your hand. Prayer card K-100. All right. Now, if we can get through this, let's start over. The next I believe, was J's, or I's, one. We'll start on some of them.

**62** Oh, do you love Him? Isn't He wonderful? We used to sing a little song: Faith in the Father, faith in the Son, Faith in the Holy Ghost, three in the One; Demons will tremble, and sinners awake; Faith in Jehovah will anything shake. Amen. The devil hates them old jubilee songs. Let's sing it together. Come on. Faith in the Father, faith in the Son, Faith in the Holy Ghost, three in the One; Oh, demons will tremble, and sinners awake; Faith in Jehovah will anything shake.

**63** Amen. Shake the tags of hell right in the devil's eyes. That's right. God will let them know who's who. Brother Groat, are you here? You know where I learned that song at? Henry Groat, are you in the building? Raise up your hand, where's he at? I seen him today. Why, back here behind me. You remember singing that, us together? Out in the cornfield? My, my. Wonderful. His daddy was praying for me. I have to say this; I said it in the church today. His daddy, typical little Hollander, got a little mustache. I don't know. Is he around? I hope he forgives me for this. He was down in our city. You know, it's like all other cities. There was a young lady came out of a store that was immorally dressed, little bitty, old clothes, like you wear here and everywhere else, you know, just indecently. Women... Listen, sister. Honey, let me tell you something. Did you know what that is on you? That's an unclean spirit making you do that. That's right. It's a devil. You don't know it. I don't say you're immoral. But you're fooling with the wrong ground there. Nothing but an unclean spirit would do that.

**64** And she come out with her clothes like that. And little Brother Groat; he's just a little joker. He said, "Uh-oh," he said, "Sister, you forgot your skirt. Oh, oh, oh." Took me out in the cornfield and was praying with me. And he put his arm around me, got down to pray, he said, "Now, Papa God," he said, "come on, heal Brother Branham. Papa God." Where are you at, Brother Groat? He's around here somewhere. Oh, there he is, way back in the back with his hand up. You remember that day in the cornfield? Amen. He did it, Brother Groat. Amen. Oh, He is wonderful. I feel real good tonight, just so religious. Amen. Every one love Him? And now, what about it, brethren? That might be rank, but have you ... are you... Is the prayer line lined up down there, Brother Rasmus, ever who that is, lining them up down there? All right. Where are you at, Brother Woods? Are you... Will you help for me? I don't see Billy. Will you come over and help for me, if you will? All right.

**65** I wonder now... [A brother speaks to Brother Branham] . Oh, that's all right, if you will snap them, I believe it would be a good thing 'cause it's so powerful and then looking right at the person sometimes they get crossed-up in the ... while I'm talking to people. That's fine. Thank you ever who did that. That's... Seems a lot better. Why didn't I think of that a while ago? All right. Now, the Lord Jesus, the Son of God, come on the scene now, as He did for Israel. Here I am in a trap, moved up here. But I know what God has promised. He let the Hebrew children go in the fiery furnace to prove that He was God. He let Daniel go in the lion's den to prove He was God. He let Lazarus die and rot in the grave to prove He was God. Amen. And He can do the same thing tonight, can't He? He can prove He is God.

**66** Now, this lady standing before me, I suppose that we're strangers to one another, are we, lady? We are. But there's one thing sure, there's somebody who knows us both, sister. That's right. And some day, we'll stand in His presence and give account for everything we've done in this life. You're aware of that? I tell you, something happened. Just now, before saying anything else, the Angel of the Lord come and anointed, just now. It did just now. Praise be to God. It struck the lady even, quickly. You know that. Something struck you when I went to say something. Is that right? That's right. Now, being a stranger to you, not knowing you, never seeing you in my life, if God will let me know what's wrong with you, or what you're here for, will you accept Jesus? You will? Will the audience do that? Now, we're in His presence. And He could take from us, or He could smite us with a disease and we would die with it. He's God, so we must be reverent in His presence. You believe that, don't you? So, I see the lady. You're real nervous, bothered with a nervous trouble, extremely nervous. And I see, you've been to a doctor about something. It's an infection. You have an infection. And that infection is in the breast. That's right. And it's in the left breast. And I see the doctor says that he don't know what it is, what's causing it. That's true.

**67** Now, that wasn't me talking, that was my lips was saying the words, but I had no control over it. What it said is the truth. Is that right? Now, is Jesus raised from the dead? Remember, friend, that's what Jesus did when He was here on earth. That's Jesus tonight. Then, here's what He said, the last words that He said when He was leaving the earth. I'll quote them to you. He led His disciples out as far as Bethany, and He blessed them. And He said, "Go ye into all the world (That was Chicago too, wasn't it?), and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe to the end of the world." How long? This Gospel... How long? To the end of the apostles? "To the end of the world." "In My name they shall cast out evil spirits, speak with new tongues. If they would take a deadly thing, or a serpent, it wouldn't harm them. And if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." That's what He said. Do you believe that? Then Him standing here present... You believe. I believe that if I lay hands on you and pray, God has made a promise, if you believe that, you'll get well. Is that right? Then come forward. Our Heavenly Father, with hands laid upon this woman, under a condition she don't even know herself, and her doctor wouldn't tell her... But, Lord, I pray that You'll be merciful to her and will heal her. I condemn this devil that set in to take the life of the woman. And come out of her, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ. You're defeated. You spirit of death, you are defeated. We see the resurrected Lord. He's here. And by eyes of faith we look beyond this shadow, to where the sun is shining for our sister in good health. We do this in Jesus' name at His command. Amen. Now, go on, you're going to get well. Amen. God bless you.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**68** All right, would you come, lady? Have faith. As you come, sister, believing with all your heart... Usually, when I get tired, I'm wore out, but it's the best then, because William Branham is gone. Then Jesus can talk. I don't know you. Mighty saintly-looking little woman to me. I never seen you. But God knows you. You don't look like there's anything wrong with you, but God knows whether there is or not. Isn't that right? Now, there's someone in the audience, moved the Holy Spirit to them. I didn't get it. Now be real reverent. Don't move. Just sit still now. May I talk to you again, sister? Now I see the lady moving from me, here it is, back to her. She's extremely nervous, too, because she's worried. She's bothered about something. She's had an operation and that operation was for a cancer. It wasn't too successful and you're worried about it. But don't worry. You're standing in the presence of the Lord Jesus Christ who's the resurrection and life. Do you believe that? Come here just a moment. Heavenly Father, I bless this woman in the name of the Lord Jesus and pray that You'll heal her and make her well, through the power of God. Amen. God bless you, my sister. Go and believe Him with all your heart. All right.

**69** How do you do. Now there's that same dark spirit. Be reverent, everybody. Don't move around, please don't. See, these things go from one to another and you'll... What I'm doing that for, you don't realize it: When cancer leaves here, it's going somewhere else. It sure is. And I can't hold it. If you're moving, I can't tell where it's going. It's a dark shadow that I see... There's a cancer hanging over this woman right now. It's a dark shadow. If that shadow leaves her... How do I know what's wrong? It's by vision. And I see that dark death hanging around the woman. And she's sure to die if God don't help her. Well, when he leaves here, he is angry; if he's put out, he will find a place to go if he can. You know that's the truth? You remember, in the Bible times when somebody was trying to cast out an epileptic spell, you know what happened, who really didn't have the authority to do it?

**70** Now you're suffering with a cancer. It's death. And only God can make you well. You believe? Now, being that someone moved, I just want to talk to you just a moment. You're not from this city. You've come from another city. And I believe it's where... I see a tower; it's Joliet, Illinois. And your name is Klein. Leona Klein. Now you go on back down home; the darkness is gone from you now. God bless you. Have faith in God. Oh, my, how the devil has to recognize the supreme authority of Jesus Christ. Not me, he hates me. He don't have to mind me, but he has to mind who I represent. He has to mind who sent me here. Hallelujah. How do you do? You believe with all your heart, lady? I'm a stranger to you. You're a stranger to me. But, there's One in our midst who knows us both: Jesus Christ. If Jesus will tell me what's wrong, will you accept it then, and believe it? All right. You just look this way. The reason I say, "look": Moses, in the Bible, erected a brass serpent, told the children of Israel to look and live. Is that right? He did. They was to look.

```
Numbers 21:9 And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.

```
**71** Peter and John passed through the gate called Beautiful said, "Look on us." That's the reason I say, "Look." I want your attention. But I see a long strip of water. And it's not... You're not here for yourself. You're here for an aged woman. And that woman is suffering with a heart trouble. And she is your mother. And she is not in this country. And she is around somewhere that religion is persecuted. And she is around somewhere... I see a Russian soldier marching... She's near Russia. That's right. Right now, suffering with heart trouble. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, will make her well. Do you believe it? Amen. Then go and believe with all your heart. Blessed be the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Hallelujah. Have faith. Don't doubt. Come, lady. Come, believing. You believe me to be the servant of the Lord? Have faith in God. I don't know you. But there's Somebody here, that we both know we're in the presence of. He knows us. Now, you're here to ask me to pray for your eyes. You got an eye trouble. And then I see again: Here comes a stretch of water. And it's another country where there's a lot of hills. And it's beautiful. It has got a land of lakes. And there's someone there who looks a whole lot like you. It's your sister. And she's doctoring with some kind of something in her blood. A blood disease. And that's Sweden. [Lady says, "Yes."] Is that right? ["That's right."] And that handkerchief is for her. ["Yes."] Well, go send it to her in the name of Jesus Christ and may she be healed. Hallelujah.

```
Acts 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

Acts 3:3 Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

```
**72** Have faith in God. Do you believe? Jesus said, "All things are possible to him that believeth. If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Do you believe it? Have faith. Yes, sister. Sitting there with the red hat on, looking at me. Your faith made a contact then, see. The arthritis that you've been so lame with has left you. Here you can... Praise be to God. Here, sitting right here, right down here, about three in on this row, you also have arthritis and a gallbladder trouble. If you believe, you may be... That's right, sister. Your faith made a contact with God. When that woman was healed, it struck you, too. You're healed. Jesus Christ makes you whole. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Have faith in God. Jesus said, "I can, if ye believe." Do you believe? Do you believe you was healed of that back trouble before you came, when you was sitting there in the chair just then? You were. Amen. So just go on rejoicing, that's all. Saying, "Thanks be to God."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**73** Come, lady. Blood diseases and things is just so easy for God to heal. You believe that, don't you? Let's you and I go to Calvary for a transfusion. In Jesus Christ's name, I condemn the devil that's bothered my sister and may he come out of her in Jesus' name. Amen. Pass on by, sister, go rejoicing, believing that God makes you whole, you can have what you ask for. Your kidney trouble is done gone, sister. Go on; [unclear words.] Have faith. Your faith heals you. Believe with all your heart. Come here, lady. I want you to turn, look out this way. See that lady sitting there, with a handkerchief over her mouth? She is suffering with the same thing you are. There's a black streak running from each one of you. It's arthritis. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, go on off the platform thanking God. Be faithful. Glory! The Son of God lives.

**74** Dad, sitting there with your hand down praying, right on the end of the row there. Yeah, He heard you. You were praying. I heard your prayer. You were silently praying, but He let me know your prayer. You said, "Lord, let him call me next. Let this time be my time." That's right. Yeah, you've had a nervous breakdown, haven't you? Uh-huh. That's right. And, you know, you're not from this country. You're from a place ... I can spell the city: It's U-t-i... Utica, Utica, Michigan. All right, you return home; your breakdown is over. Your faith has made you well. Hallelujah. Jesus, Son of God, lives and reigns. You believe? Come, lady. You believe that female trouble left you sitting there? All right, it did. Amen. So what you have asked, that you received. Believe.

**75** What do you think of that, lady, sitting right back out there? Watched that lady walked off that was healed. You believe it? You're suffering, got trouble with your eyes, haven't you? That's right. Sitting right here behind the lady with the white waist on. The Angel of the Lord stands over her. Yeah. Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Isn't that wonderful, brother? [A man says, "He just now answered my prayer for that lady."] Amen. That's fine. I never seen you, lady, in my life, did I? No, sir, I never. But you're not from here. You're from my state, Indiana. That's right. Anderson, Indiana, at that, where the mills are. Uh-huh! Hallelujah.

**76** The lady sitting right close to you there, she is suffering with a chest trouble. That's right. Uh-huh! You're from Muncie, Indiana. Just run on back home now, rejoicing. Hallelujah! Do you believe you'll be healed, sister? In the name of the Lord Jesus, may you receive it. Go believing. Have faith. Come here a minute, lady. I want you to turn around, look this way. There's just about seventy percent of those people suffering with your condition. That's right. How many is suffering with nervous trouble? Raise up your hand. See how the spirits are pulling? How many believes that Jesus is here to heal you? Raise up your hand. Now go home. It's over. Amen. God bless you.

**77** Let's say, "Praise the Lord." I want to ask you, lady, the same time I said for them, you had the same thing. And when I said that, something come over you didn't it? All right, you're healed now from that nervous condition; it's menopause. Go home, believing. What do you think, lady? You believe? With all your heart? I don't know you, never seen you. God did something. Amen. You're here praying for someone else. It's a friend of yours. And I see a great church, and the little statues and things. Your friend is a converted Catholic. And she's got cancer. And the cancer is on her face. All right. Take that handkerchief to her, and in the name of Jesus Christ, may she recover and be made well. Do you believe? Then in Jesus Christ's name, stand on your feet and receive your healing, while I pray for you. Almighty God, I cast out every devil. In the name of Jesus Christ may he depart from these people tonight and go. Satan, you're condemned. Eyes of faith catches God, standing present. Come out of them, Satan, in Jesus Christ's name. Raise your hands and give Him praise!
