---
Date: 1955-01-21
Title: The water of separation
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 4 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The water of separation



**1** All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe. Shall we bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our Heavenly Father, we're grateful to Thee for the privilege that we have of believing in the Lord Jesus Christ as our Savior, and healer, and soon returning King, to take His reign here on earth. This marvelous promise, we shall be with Him here a thousand years, and then in eternity forever, when He comes to reign upon the throne of His father, David. God, fix our hearts to that hour. We believe it's near. And now, as we've come tonight, let Thy mercies reign in our hearts. Give us a great outpouring of Thy blessings. For we ask it in His Name. Amen. Be seated.

**2** It's a pleasure to be here tonight. Not only is it a pleasure, but a privilege to be in the service of the Lord. Now, I'm thinking, tomorrow night is to be back at the Philadelphian church, and so... I noticed a testimony here, and... [Brother says, "I have read that."] You have read it. Yes. I was just wondering. And I got some questions in the mail about something that I'd been speaking of. I will try to answer it tomorrow night, for it'll be a preaching service tomorrow night, Gospel preaching. Those who without the Holy Spirit, may they come and receive the Holy Ghost tomorrow night. Thank you, engineer. I'm not very much for strong lights. And so we invite you to come over to the Philadelphian church tomorrow night. And then Sunday night back here again. And I don't know, but perhaps Sunday afternoon, the film is two-thirty. The film, I want you to be... Oh, it's a service, Monday ... or, Sunday afternoon at two-thirty. Am I to speak that service, Brother Boze? Two-thirty Sunday afternoon. Well, that means I start at two-thirty. Well I will be here, the Lord willing, to start at two-thirty. When I let you out then, it'll be about three-thirty, about a hour. And then Sunday night is the closing service of this series of meetings.

**3** And then I think it's the thirty-first, I'm in Little Rock, and the thirty ... and the first at Hot Springs; the second, Shreveport. Begin the third at Lubbock, Texas, through the eleventh. And from there, I suppose, to Phoenix, then on west. Then expect to go overseas this summer, the Lord willing. I certainly thankful for your fine cooperation the other time over there. I understand that many of the people here even fasted and prayed for us while we were over there. And when we come to the end of the road at... When the crown has given been out, you'll find out that you'll be the one that gets the praise, I trust at that day. He just let me in; that's all I want, that's ... just to get there.

**4** An old Darkie, not long ago down in the South before the proclamation, that signed for the independence ... or, the freedom of the slaves, one night there was a little old place where he was playing the organ and having a glorious time in the service, where the Darkies had met together to worship the Lord. And while he was in worship, the Lord saved him. And the next day back on the old plantation, he was telling all the slaves that morning when they gathered out, about Christ had set him free. So it happened to be that the owner of these slaves come by, and they come up from their cabin to get ready to go work. He said, "Sam, what was that I heard you saying to these fellows when I come up, that you was free?" He said, "Yes, sir, boss." He said, "The Lord Jesus has made me free." Said, "Why don't you come over to my office after awhile." So he went over the office and he said, "All right, boss." He said, "Repeat that again." He said, "Well," he said, "Last night in a meeting, I... The Lord Jesus made me free from the bondage of sin." And said, "He's put me free, and I'm free now. I don't have sin no more, because the Lord Jesus forgive me and He set me free." He said, "Sam, if you really mean that with all your heart," said, "I will go down today and sign the proclamation that you're free from me too, to go preach the Gospel to your people." And so he said, "Well, boss, I mean it with all my heart, that He's set me free from the bondage of sin." He said, "Well, I can set you free as a slave, to preach the Gospel to your brethren."

**5** And so after many years, he become a great minister, preached to a lot of his white brethren. And so at his hour of his death, many of his white brethren come over to see him. And the old fellow had laid kind of in a coma for awhile, and they didn't understand it just right, and after awhile they was standing around in the house watching for him to go, he woke up kind of and looked around, said, "I thought I was already over." And they said, well, said, "What about it, Sam? What did you see? What is it on the other side?" He said, "Well, I thought I just come in the gate. They'd just let me in." Said, "I was standing there," and said, "one of the angels run up and said, 'Sam,' said, 'come over now to receive your robe and your crown.' He said, 'Don't talk to me like that.' Said, 'Robe and crown?' Said, 'I don't want no robe and crown.' Said, 'Just let me stand here and look at Him for a thousand years. That's a... That's enough, robe and crown.'" And I think that's about our feeling. Don't you think so? It's about all Christian's feelings. I don't care about rewards after we get there. The only thing is, just let me be there so I can be where He's at. That'll be enough for me. I believe it will be for you too.

**6** Now, tonight, just for a short subject I want to read some of the portion of the Word of God, found in Numbers the 19th chapter, and just for a few moments; and then tomorrow night is the sermon at the Philadelphian Church. The 19th chapter of Numbers reads like this, And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD has commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is not a blemish, and upon which has never come yoke: And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp, and ... shall slay her before his face: And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times: Now the ninth verse. And a man that is clean ... up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of ... Israel for a water of separation: it is the cleansing for sin. Now, may the Lord add His blessings to His Word. We're just going to speak for a few moments upon The Waters Of Separation. And then we're going to have prayer service tonight for the sick, because we've got more room here so we can bring the people up and line them up and pray with them. Then Sunday night again.

```
Numbers 19:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,

Numbers 19:2 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:

Numbers 19:3 And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp, and one shall slay her before his face:

Numbers 19:4 And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:

Numbers 19:9 And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.

```
**7** Now, in the Old Testament was all in types and figures. And the water of separation was made so that it would purify, or separate the clean from the unclean, which was a beautiful type of Christ. And now, separation... To get this water of separation had to be... Death had to constitute the separation, the water of separation. Now, it's always, if you notice, that you have to have death before you can have life. Life only comes by death. And without death there's no life. I was wondering to the religions of the world that will not even as much as kill a gnat or a flea. In one of the noted religions of India, they let a boy from one of the clans take off the other brother's finger with a pocket knife. And the reason they wouldn't let a doctor do it, because the doctor would sterilize the knife and it would kill a germ which might be some of his relations. Now, how could anyone like that ever receive a blood sacrifice? See, it's just clannish, and it's not of God. We can only be redeemed by life through death. And death is the only thing that'll bring redemption. And it's just...

**8** You've got to have the antidote. You've heard the old expression, "The hair from the back of the dog is good for the bite." Well, that's right, 'cause it's part of the dog. So the same thing applies if it takes... If sin came by death, it'll take death to counteract sin, see. And so everything, even life itself, comes by death. Physical life comes by death. Did you know that? That physical life comes by death. How does it come? The first thing we do, we find out that the food that we eat is made of ... goes into blood. Blood becomes our life. Sometime ago I was talking to a doctor, and I said, "Doctor, is it true that whenever I eat a meal, I renew my life?" He said, "Correctly." I said, "Because the food that I eat turns into blood cells and blood cells renews and the life is in the blood and it makes new life." He said, "That's right." I said, "Well then, why is it when I was sixteen years old, I eat the same kind of food I eat now, and every time I eat I got stronger and bigger all the time; and now I eat the same kind of food, and getting older and weaker all the time, if I renew my life?" That's a good one for scientific research, isn't it?

**9** Why is it if I ... more life I put in, the bigger I would get; more life I put in, the stronger I would get? But now I put the same kind of life in, same kind of food, and getting weaker and older all the time, is because God has said, that's right, that my days would just be so many. And that's the reason when I pass about twenty-two to twenty-five, every human being, you start dropping back down, death sets in. No matter how much life you put in it, it's still death in the body. But you have to have a life in the body to live. But the blood cell will not be effective upon the termed time of your age. It will not. No matter how much you eat or what you do, God has said, and that's it. When that picture comes up to the place where God wants it, He said, "All right, death, there it is." So death starts taking you down no matter what you do or how much cosmetics, (Is that what you call it?) you put on. You're just getting old, sister, that's all, see. You're just getting old. And that's the same way with you, brother, see. Just getting old. But the gray will come just the same, because God has said it was going to be that way, and it's going to be that way. And one day it's going to catch up with you. That's right. And when it does, it's going to take you out of this life, but that's all it can do to you. In the resurrection, anything that death did to you, will not be allowed at the resurrection; just what life did to you. God growed you up to a young, strong man and woman, then death come in and taken you out. And all death did to you, withering you down; it'll never have no effect in the resurrection, 'cause you only resurrect to what you was at perfection, where God had you. That's the wonderful thing.

**10** But now notice, all the time that when you're producing life in here, keeping you alive, something has to die constantly, to keep you alive. Did you know that? "Well," you say, "What about it?" The steak you eat tonight, a cow had to die for it. Is that right? The fish you eat tonight, the fish had to die for it. Is that right? The kale you eat tonight, or the spinach, the spinach had to die. See what I mean? The potato had to die. Something has to die, and you eat the dead remains of something to make you alive. It makes corpuscles ... it makes blood cells, rather. It makes... And so you're constantly eating something dead to keep you living, see. Life physical can only come out of death. And life spiritual can only come out of death, see. Christ had to die to make us all alive--quicken us. Is that right? So it's only through... No matter what church you belong to, how many times you've shook hands with the preacher, how many names you've got on the book, or how many churches you belong to, it doesn't mean that. [Brother Branham snaps his fingers.] You've got to absolutely accept the death of the Lord Jesus Christ. And not only that, but you've got to die yourself. You've got to die to every thought of the flesh so that you can receive the mind of Christ and walk from henceforth, not of your own, but of His mind; the mind of Christ in you. That's the only way you can stay alive. That's the only way I can stay alive. That's all I live by is by the Holy Spirit. God said, man ... or, Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." He was tempted by His appetite. And He said, that "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes out of the mouth of God." Because as a physical man has to live by bread, so does the spiritual man have to live by the Spirit. Before the physical man can eat bread, wheat has to die. Or barley, or corn, or ever what the bread was made out of, it has to die. And before the Spiritual man can live, Jesus Christ had to die, that the man could live by Christ, see. So that makes it perfect.

```
Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

```
**11** Now, the separation. Christ was the Lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world. Do you believe it? Notice, always, He was the Lamb slain. Figuratively, God gave many... We've been taking this week, many times where God made a figure, speaking of Calvary. So this time when God bringing His children out of the chaos of darkness of Egypt, He brought them out to take them to His promised land. And on the road He was making preparations for everything that they had need of. When they had need of something, God had a preparation of it. Last evening we was speaking of Jehovah-jireh, the Lord will provide. And now, seeing that they were coming out, God made a water of separation. And that water speaks of Christ and the separation waters. Now, we'll watch how it was made. Oh, it's striking to watch every phase of God's Word move straight to Jesus Christ.

**12** In the Old Testament, we had laws and bylaws and things that people had to do by the works of the law to be saved. But God wound everything in the Old Testament right up and put it in Calvary, that the believer now only has one thing to do: look to Calvary and be born again. That's all it is. Just so simple. The laws and all the ceremonies and everything passed away with the shedding of the blood. When my shadow was coming to me, when my shadow and I meet, my shadow is no more. But I took the place of my shadow. And that's the way the law was, and so forth... The Old Testament was a shadow of the New Testament, and was fulfilled. Grace and law met at Calvary and law was fulfilled and grace come into existence. Amen.

**13** Now, God telling Moses and Aaron, as he was the prophet and priest--Moses, the prophet; Aaron, the priest. He said, "Now, I want you to go out and get a heifer, a young heifer, which has all one color, one complete color--red." Red we always think, looks of ... red is danger. Red does signify danger, on a light, or so forth. But red in the Scripture signifies redemption through the blood. Harlot Rahab, when she put the scarlet streak down; and all through the Bible is a scarlet streak. Redemption comes through red, through the shedding of the blood. "Without the shedding of blood, there's no remission of sin." And how that God said, "Go get this heifer that's red all over, not one spot of anything else, but perfectly red." For God looked through red. And you know what color red is, looking through red? Red through red makes white. Try it one time. Red through red produces white. So when God looks through the blood of Jesus Christ, to we who are scarlet red with sin and covered by the blood, He sees us white as snow. "Though your sins be red like crimson, they shall be white like snow."

```
Numbers 19:2 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:

Joshua 2:21 And she said, According unto your words, so be it. And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.

Isaiah 1:18 Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.

```
**14** God looking through the blood, He doesn't see you no more as a sinner; He sees you redeemed. Amen. You're redeemed, because He only sees you through Christ. That's the reason we can be perfect. Not perfect in the sense of sinless, we're perfect in the eyes of God when we're in Christ. That's the reason He said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect." Paul in the 10th chapter of Hebrews trying to explain the law having a shadow of good things to come. Not the very image of the things could never make the comer unto perfect, because God was looking through animal blood. But now He looks through the blood of His Son. Perfection come by Jesus Christ. Now, I'm not perfect in your sight. You may not be perfect in my sight. But what about in God's sight? There's where it lays. And if you are born again into the body of Christ, then God looks upon you as perfect as Christ was Himself. Amen! Nothing you can do. It's not by any works you can do at all. It's by grace God has given you this offer, and if you've accepted it, in the sight of God you are perfect, redeemed, washed in the blood of the Lamb--without fault, without blemish, without spot. Isn't that marvelous?

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

Hebrews 10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

```
**15** I used to often-time wonder what's the matter with the Christian church, they're so scared of things. Why, you've got nothing to be scared about. The first words nearly Jesus said after the resurrection, "Fear not." See, don't fear. Don't get scared. There ain't nothing going to happen. Nothing can happen. Nothing can bother a Christian. Amen. Not even death itself can even touch the Christian. "He that heareth my words, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but has passed from death to life." Amen. Death itself has no reign over a Christian. Christ died in our stead. Amen. What a marvelous... What a faith that ought to build up in the people, something that'll toe the mark. You'll never get nothing by being a little jellyfish Christian. No, sir. Did you ever see a jellyfish? You just hit him, he splatters all over everything, see. A jellyfish: You know what usually eats them? The crabs and things along the side of the seashore, comes up with his pinchers and cuts him in two and takes him down, 'cause the jellyfish just lays there. Brother, we need some Christians, not jellyfish, but with a backbone. That's right. That'll stand. Oh, I don't mean to fuss with people; but stand for your God-given rights that Christ died for. Certainly. Not pushed around. We don't have to be. No, sir. We got an inheritance. Amen. And our inheritance belongs to us. It's your privilege to have anything that you inherited, through accepting Jesus Christ and dying to yourself. How marvelous. Yes, sir. Satan said, "Well, I tell you what I'm going to do." "No, you ain't going to do nothing." That's the way to talk back to him. Say, "I know my position in Christ, and you just might as well get away. I ain't listening to you no more. I got an inheritance."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**16** And we got a title deed to it, abstract. Goes all the way back to Calvary. The day of Pentecost, when He said, "This promise is unto you, and to your children, and them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Abstract deed! Amen. Clear all the way back to Pentecost. How far does it go back? How many is it for? "As many as the Lord will call." If the Lord calls you, He gives you an abstract title. Amen. All the way back. And the blood of Jesus Christ is just as good as it would've been shed ten minutes ago. It said, "Every believer." It's your possession. You're just scared to use your rights, that's all. Somebody, a big... When you go home tonight, you Christians, respectable people here that's sitting, a big bunch of drunks and things had moved in, taken over your house, say, "Well, what about this?" "Looky here," they say, "this is a house, isn't it?" "Yes." "Well, it's made for human beings, isn't it?" "Yes." "Well, I'm a human being. I have a right to be here." "But you don't have a right to be there. We don't believe in that kind of carrying on." "Well," they say, "I'm not going to get out." There's a law down here that says he will get out, as long as you can prove it's your house. Is that right? Satan said, "Now, I'm going to take you prematurely. I'm going to do this." "No you're not. We got a title to this property of ours." That's right. "And we got an attorney sitting in glory (Amen) with a blood sacrifice of His own life. Not only that, but we got a FBI Agent." Amen. The Holy Spirit, God's great detective. Just believe that blood there, and serve that warrant on him; watch the Holy Ghost put him out. Amen. There you are. Yours. "Whosoever will, let him come." Oh, it's marvelous.

```
Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**17** Notice, in the shedding of the blood... Now, He said, "I tell you, you must take this." Now, watch the priest didn't bring, but the congregation brought the heifer for the murder, for the sacrifice, for the killing. And the congregation brought Jesus to Calvary, which was a type. They condemned Him and brought Him to Calvary, that they could slay Him. And notice, he must be killed in the sight of Eleazar and the company. And Christ was killed in the presence of the high priest and all the company of Israel. And notice, when they died, when the heifer died, the red heifer was killed, then they taken her blood on the fingers of the high priest and walked before the congregation, before the doors of the congregation and struck it seven times, seven times with blood, as a public testimony to the public. It was lifted up before the door. Seven different times that it was struck there, showing it through all the seven different dispensations, that the blood of Christ is still a public testimony! First thousand years, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh. Amen. When we see Him sitting on the throne of David, He will still have the scars on His hands to show that He's the Redeemer. Amen.

```
Numbers 19:2 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:

Numbers 19:4 And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:

```
**18** Notice, then He said, "After doing that, then the heifer should be burned," which was on the brass altar, speaking of judgment, divine judgment. Then, after that, then there was to be made a water of separation. In that was to be put cedar wood, scarlet wood, and hyssop, speaking of the cross and the hyssop meaning, "Christ on the cross." Those three elements was always used when a sacrifice was in the Bible.

```
Numbers 19:5 And one shall burn the heifer in his sight; her skin, and her flesh, and her blood, with her dung, shall he burn:

```
**19** Back over in Exodus, the 14th chapter, and the 1st to 4th verse, pardon... In the 6th verse, when God told them, when they were to make the sign of the cross on the door, that the lamb was to be killed just before the going out. And they dipped this wood and the hyssop, and struck it on the lintel of the door post. And it was proven that, "When I see the blood, I will pass over you," put on by hyssop wood. Hyssop is a little brush, like a sage brush. The cedar scarlet, was practically like a redwood cedar which was made into a big timber, but the hyssop was a bunch of sage brush like, called hyssop brush. They dipped it into the charger of blood and throwed it over on the ... like the broomsage, or something on that order, and sprinkled it on the place. And it was always included the same way at every sacrifice for the cleansing of sin, for the cleansing of leprosy.

```
Exodus 12:13 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt.

Numbers 19:6 And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer.

```
**20** What taken place? They got two turtledoves. Killed one over an earthen vessel with running water. Poured its blood into a earthly vessel. The earthly vessel, speaking of Christ's humiliation. Christ humiliating Himself, coming down, taking on an earthly vessel. And over the running water, which the water in that place, spoke of the Spirit. And one dove was killed, and in this was put cedar, scarlet, and hyssop. And the hyssop sprinkled the living bird and the living bird was taken out in a field and turned loose. And when its little wings was a fluttering and flying like that, with the blood of its dead mate on it for a cleansing of leprosy, which is a type of sin, was a type of the church with the blood of the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, who died in its stead. And the blood cried, "Holy unto the Lord." Amen. The blood sprinkling the ground, "Holy, holy, holy, unto the Lord." A cleansing of leprosy. I just learned from some medical research the other day, what leprosy's caused from: the wrong diet. That's what causes sin, is the wrong spiritual diet. It causes a eating leprosy that only God alone can cure. All right.

```
Leviticus 14:4 Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:

Leviticus 14:5 And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water:

Leviticus 14:6 As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:

Leviticus 14:7 And he shall sprinkle upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times, and shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open field.

```
**21** Noticing them now, the cedar, hyssop, and scarlet wood was included there. So the cedar, scarlet, and hyssop was all throwed together, which we could see what the dispensation: Father, Son and Holy Spirit, all in one, and so forth, if we had time to go into it. But it's getting late and I haven't got the time. Notice. Just speaking of it in the three dispensations, we could bring it down through the Old Testament and through the seven church ages for the seven strokes, and so forth. That's looking through those streaks of blood there. The seven different streaks represented the seven church ages; Israel, natural; and the Gentile church in spiritual. Seven church ages, just exactly the same way. And Israel had seven church ages. Right in its bloom of its best come Ahab and married this idolatry, and brought an idolater in, and caused idolatry in Israel. The Christian church did the same thing out of the Dark Ages, come right in and married right into the same thing and brought idolatry into the Christian church again, see. Just exactly, perfectly, in its middle age.

```
Leviticus 16:19 And he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times, and cleanse it, and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel.

Numbers 19:4 And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:

1 Kings 16:31 And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal, and worshipped him.

```
**22** Now, I want you to notice quickly: Then all this hyssop, cedar, and so forth, was throwed in with the red heifer and was burned and made a water of separation, that an unclean person that was defiled had to come and go through the waters of separation, which separated them from their uncleanliness and made them holy, to enter into fellowship again with the rest of the congregation. Oh, what a beautiful picture, that separation, the waters of separation separated the guilty and made them holy and brought them back into fellowship again. That the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all unrighteousness and makes us holy and puts us back into fellowship again with the Father, see. Beautiful, isn't it?

```
Numbers 19:9 And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.

1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**23** Notice, now what was the water of separation a type of? The water of separation was a type of the Word of God. The Word. Now I believe it's over in Ephesians here, at the 5th chapter, it said, "That he might sanctify and cleanse us with the washing of the water by the Word." See, washing of the water of separation by the Word. "And in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us," and became (You see it?) the water of separation. Amen. And everything that Christ died for and promised in His Word is yours as freely as the water runs. For if you're... If you have sin, apply the Word. It's the water of separation.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**24** Now, the water of separation separates you from sin. If you are weary, apply the water of the Word. And if you are sick, apply the water of the Word. For it separates us from sickness, it separates us from sin, it separates us from weary, it separates us from every attribute that sin produced. Oh, I love it. For He has washed us and cleansed us through the washing of the water by the Word and separated us unto Himself. A believing people set aside from the world to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, that He might manifest Himself to the outside world through the Holy Spirit operating through this inside of the blood cell. Oh, I hope you see it. The blood cell bursted at Calvary. Life was inside the cell. And then it broke the cell. Christ did first, bringing Himself into the womb of a virgin and creating around Himself a cell, a blood cell that multiplied into many cells and brought forth the Son, Christ Jesus. And at Calvary this blood cell was broken by a sinful Roman spear as it pierced Him in the heart.

```
John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.

Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**25** Right in the middle of the heart is a little place in a human being that isn't in a animal. A little place in there which is, they think it's a soul of man. There's not a blood cell touches it, or anything. And in there is the human soul. And Christ was speared through there, that the blood cell, as it pierced like that, tore loose the blood cell, and set the Holy Spirit at liberty for God to call through there and bring the believers through the blood cell back into fellowship with Himself again. Oh my! Through the washing of the water by the Word! What does it? "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God." And we accept the Word and believe the Word that He was wounded for our transgressions.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

```
**26** What was that separation to do? What did it separate them from? As soon as they received the separation, they were free. And what was Christ separated from? What did He separate us from? The Bible said, "He was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquity: the chastisement of our peace was upon him," and with His stripes we were separated from our diseases, separated from our sins, separated from our weary, separated from our iniquity, and separated from our sins by the Word, which was Christ that was made flesh and dwelt among us. The Word become flesh and the flesh was broke that the blood cell was broken loose that the believers could be brought through the spray of the blood from Calvary. Oh my! What a...

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**27** My hope is built on nothing less Than Jesus' blood with righteousness; When all around my soul gives way, Then He's all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand; All other ground is sinking sand. All other grounds, every church, every denomination, everwhat, all other ground is sinking sand. Whether it's mother or father, loved ones, whether it is friends, whatever it is, all other grounds is sinking sand; on Christ alone I stand. It's an individual affair, not of groups of people. But it's to you as an individual, that you yourself, as a sole human being might (notice), might forsake your own thoughts. As long as you have your own thoughts, your own ways, your ways are contrary to God's ways. And you cannot be right and think your own thoughts, for you've got to die to your own thoughts. Do you know that? Your thoughts, as long as you look at it, you look at it materially, you say, "Oh well, that can't happen. It's just not reasonable. It's not sensible to even think such a thing." As long as you do that, then you'll stay in your same condition. [Gap in the audio.] You get to a place where you cannot think your ways, but come into Christ and think His way of thinking. Take His words. Then things begin to shape different. For you are dead and your life is hid in God through Christ and sealed by the Holy Spirit. Romans 8:1, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus, that walk not after the flesh, (what the flesh says) but walks after the Spirit. [Gap in the audio.]

```
Romans 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

```
**28** Isn't that marvelous? God separating us from the things of the world. Nothing we could do. We were dead in sin, trespasses, without hope, without God, in the world, alienated, cut off, going to a devil's hell, a sinner's grave. And in due season Christ died for us all, producing and giving to us the waters of separation. And God, by grace, called us through this waters, separated us from our sins and brought us unto Himself, a peculiar people, a holy nation, a royal priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving thanks to His name. Shall we pray.

```
Ephesians 2:1 And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins:

Ephesians 2:12 That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:

1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:

```
**29** Father God in heaven, this Word, how it makes us free and sets us free, the water of separation. It sets our thinking free. We don't no longer think with our own mind, we just depend on what He said in the Word. Can't go wrong. God, You see is the one who says He's separated us. And then if we're separated from our own thoughts, separated from our own ideas, we are lost, then, in You. And we just believe what You said, no matter how unreasonable it may seem, You're the God of circumstance. You're able to keep that what You have promised. And as Paul of old said, "I am persuaded He's able to keep that which I've committed to Him against the day." Father, here it is, closing up of a meeting soon. Must go somewhere else and preach the Gospel. And I pray tonight that many will receive Christ as personal Saviour, and be filled with the Holy Spirit, and come into this marvelous fellowship of believers. May many Methodists tonight receive it, Baptist, Presbyterian, Catholic, Pentecostals, Nazarene, Pilgrim Holiness, and all of Thy children everywhere, Lord. May they come into Christ Jesus by the washing of the water through the Word. For we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

```
2 Timothy 1:12 For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.

```
**30** Now, as the healing service coming right on now, [Gap in the audio.] I know nothing about it. No one else knows. We just come down and I can say ... ask them how many cards they give out. They just say they give out so many cards. I might start at one. I might start at twenty-five. I might start at seventy-five and come backwards, or sometimes just call one at a time that comes in the line. Usually it's not... They give a card and they have on there their name and a letter. And they just come up and say, "Here I am." Then the ones out in the audience don't have prayer cards, out in there, they just raise up their hands they want to be prayed for. And all at once they start moving. What happens? It's not me that does it. I have no way to control it. It's you that's a doing it. Your faith is what does it, see. All at once I feel myself getting weak, like I am right now. What is it? The anointing of the Holy Spirit is near. The Angel of the Lord, whose picture you've seen. I guess they sold them out to you awhile ago. Tomorrow night will be the last night of them, see. We won't sell on Sunday. So then, that's a... I begin to feel that weakening, weakening. What is it? It's in another world. It's another dimension. Maybe somebody never seen it. That's the scientific picture of it, see. Now, that there is what begins to come down, and then the human begins to fade away, see. And you come into another dimension. And the people's faith is a pulling at it, see.

**31** Now, it wasn't Jesus that healed the woman that touched His garment. She said, "That's what I want to do." She said in her heart... There was no Scripture for it. She said, "But if I just touch His garment, I will be made well." So she slipped around, touched His garment and run back in the congregation, just stand there looking around. Someone said, "What makes you give out so quick, brother?" Jesus said, "Who touched me?" He said, "Well, a whole, all the and ... everybody's trying to touch you," the apostle said. He said, "But strength went from me," see. Now, that strength had went out somewhere. Somebody touched with a real faith. Jesus... Now, that wasn't... What operated that? Now, watch what Jesus said. He looked around over the audience to see where it was, that strength that was pulled from Him. He seen the woman. He said, "Thy faith has saved you now. That blood issue's gone," see.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**32** Now, what...? Thy faith has required... See, your own power of faith has pulled from the supernatural God the desire of your heart, see. It's your faith that does it, not my faith. If my faith is doing it, I'd pull every little child out of that audience tonight and bring them up here and make them well, little children anyhow, see. I would do it. But it's not my faith that does it; it's your faith that does it. It's not me that knows it; I'm just a man. But it's the gift of God, see. It's Him that does it. It's not me you're pulling at. It's Him you're pulling at. And He is in the supernatural and your faith pulls like that. I just become a mouthpiece to Him. When He breaks forth something, shows a vision, then that's just something; and I'm in another, to the scientists, another dimension. It's the sixth sense, the fourth dimension, or whatever you want to call it. To me, the Holy Spirit. That's right. Surrendered.

**33** Now, here stands a woman. I'm an Anglo-Saxon. She's an Ethiopian in origin, almost exactly the same picture that when Jesus talked to a woman at the well. He was a Jew and she was a Samaritan. Is that right? I don't know you, do I, lady? I've never seen you, know nothing about you. Never seen you in my life. Is that right? This is our first time ever meeting, or knowing anything of one another. Is that right? Here it is. Now, what could I do? We're the same blood. She being Ethiopian, and me Anglo-Saxon, and the Chinese, the yellow man, we're all one blood, each one can transfuse the blood for the plasma. But you can't transfuse your blood by an animal. Has to be by human, see. All right. Then the same blood that was bursted at Calvary to make the waters of separation to separate me from my sins, bursted for her, to separate her. The same blood that separated me from my sickness is here to separate her. The same blood that give me the desire of my heart for things that I needed for the kingdom of God, can do the same for her.

**34** Now, there's only one thing can happen now. Something has to happen beyond the senses of human beings to declare to this woman what's wrong or what she's here for, if He will. I don't say that He will, but I believe He will 'cause that anointing is on me. He's on me now: this very Angel of God that you see this Light. I just... Even my faith is feeling like it's that thick. It's just that taking over, see. That's the reason I can feel faith pulling in the audience. Just where's it at, I don't know, but it's faith. As soon as you catch that, it's just something happens.

**35** Now, lady, if you just walk right up here, I'll just talk to you just a moment. Now, you and I, being total strangers to each other, and if you've heard me on the ... talking to the people, then therefore there has to be something happen. Isn't that right? If I would... If I'd say, "Well...," Just guess something: "Well, you're to ask me whether you should join the church or that," or something like that. Or whatever you're here for, I don't know, see. And you know that I don't know it 'cause I have no way of knowing it. But if God will reveal to me by His Son, Jesus Christ, according to His Word, that what you're here to ask me, or what I can do for you, if He will reveal it, would you accept that I have told you the truth, and this here Being, being the Angel of the Lord, would reward you for it?

**36** Now, I want to... You see that? Look like a milling fire, see. That's what the scientists said, that tested it and so forth, that it is. It's an emerald light. Well now, I just want to say something to you now. You're conscious that there's something going on. It's not by man. Isn't that right? Now, what it is, that feeling that you feel. It's not me, I'm just a man. But that's what it is right there. It's in another world. Just like coming through here is radio, television pictures, coming right through us, too. But it can't capture it, you see, because we're not made for that. But we are made to hold the Holy Spirit, see. And in there it begins to draw a picture, like the tube in the television. Then it breaks forth through human eye. And then I see by God's television, God's vision of what your trouble is. Then it's Him that's doing it. You believe that?

**37** Now, if He will reveal it, you'll accept Him, to give you your desire. Between you and I, I see something bleeding. It's blood. And I see the examination shows that that's a tumor. A bleeding tumor. Very serious. That is true. See how our heavenly Father knows things? Now, you understand now what that feeling is here? That's Him. Being that you're looking this way again, you're a married woman. And your husband is not well either. You believe that God can reveal to me what's wrong with your husband? You do. Sure. He has piles. Is that right? And here's another thing. You're trying to get your husband to become a real Christian. Isn't that right? Does that satisfy you that He's here? Now, go and receive what you've asked for.

**38** Do you believe? Just be reverent. Just believe. Now, before I get too caught away, I want to ask you something. There should be every person in here should receive it right now. If man comes and says anything and God doesn't back it up, it's wrong. But if God backs it up, you're doubting God then. See, you're doubting me no longer. You could doubt me ten minutes ago, but you can't doubt me now. Next, the person you're doubting now is God. Scientifically proof... The scientific proving of it and the supernatural working of the Holy Spirit.

**39** Is this... Come here, lady. We are strangers to each other, are we, lady? We are. We both be the Anglo-Saxon tonight, the white race. Did you see what the Lord Jesus did for this Ethiopian woman? Well, that's... He can do the same for you if He so desires to do. You believe that, do you? Now, He's no respect of persons. He'd be to you just like He was to her. He loves you just like He loves her. He can do the same for you that He did for her. You've just come out of the hospital. And it was in your... Up here in your lungs is your trouble. You've been in there several days. To be exact, about thirteen days is how long you've been in the hospital. You're Mrs. Bishop, aren't you? I hear the doctor call you that, when he come to your bedside. Now, you're going to get well now, sister. Go in the Lord Jesus Christ's name. Do you believe? Have faith. Be reverent. Just believe with all your heart, Jesus Christ do the same for you. Amen.

**40** Little lady sitting there with that high blood pressure, sitting right on the end there, is praying to be relieved of it. Do you believe it, lady? Sitting right there, looking at me. Do you believe that God will take the high blood? Do you believe that He healed you now of high blood? All right, stand up on your feet to accept it. That's it. God bless you now. Go believing. What did that? What did that? The Holy Spirit, her faith pulling, believing, see. That's what did it. That's what'll do it for you. Do you believe it?

**41** How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? All right. I'm going to try not to be in any hurry, just talk to the people a little while. If you believe with all your heart... I'm only your brother, lady. I am just a man--just your brother. I have nothing at all that I can do to help you, for just being no more than what maybe your own child or your husband or your brother or your loved one, or whatever it might be, anything. That's the only thing that I could do would be come here just as a man. But I would be to you a point of contact to find the Lord Jesus Christ. Is that true? [Sister says, "That's true, and I've brought you a handkerchief for my son-in-law."] Yes. All right, sir. You can give that to Billy. ["I gave that to him."] Oh, you give it to him. All right. Now, I want to talk to you just a moment. And you're suffering, it's a condition, a lady's condition. And just be about your age to have this. But one of the main things you're here for is for somebody else. And that's a brother. ["No, my son-in-law."] A son-in-law. And I see it was a young fellow like. And you believe he's going to get well? ["Oh, yes, I believe."] Do you believe he's going to be healed? With all your heart? ["With all of my heart."] Well, come here. Father God, I bless her and bless her loved one and may she go from here tonight a normal, well woman. Grant it, in Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. God bless you, go on your road. Have two friends you were standing for. Yes, sir. ["For myself too."] That's right, that's right.

**42** Thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Jesus said, "If you can believe, all things are possible." If you can believe it. Do you believe it with all your heart? Do you believe that God is here to heal you and to make you well? You have someone you're standing for too. That's a polio case, bad. Sickness. There's somebody behind you there, see. Just a minute. Hold that little fellow out, that little boy. No.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**43** Just a minute. Something come before me then. It's right down in here. It's that lady that's sitting there with arthritis, that's what it is, sitting right down there. God bless. And the other one's sitting there next with sinus trouble. Do you believe with all your heart the Lord Jesus makes you well? All right, stand up. You're both healed. Amen. Let's say, "Praise be to God." And your diabetes is gone too. You can go on your road and rejoicing. Just believe with all your heart, you can have what you ask for. God bless you, lady. That's the way to believe. All right. Come with reverence. Come believing with all your heart.

**44** How do you do, sir? Do you believe with all your heart? Oh, now I see the vision. I knowed our heavenly Father would grant it. You've got a leg that's been broken. Is that right? And you got a little grandson, or some kind of a little child or something that's deaf and dumb, or something like that. Isn't that right? "That's exactly." Now, you go on your road rejoicing, you're going to get what you asked for. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." The spirit all around me is hard sometime, but just give the Holy Spirit the chance, It'll...

**45** All right. Come here, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Now, it's setting up all over the building, just everywhere. It's just coming everywhere. You suffer with nervous trouble. You have neuritis, arthritis, both. There's something connected to you about a minister. Must be a minister's wife. You are a preacher's wife. The Holy Spirit just... [Someone in the audience says, "Glory to God. Hallelujah."] God bless you, brother. That's that spirit of man. Now, just a minute. I see a pulpit. I see a man again. It's a minister. He's sitting right down in here, and he's suffering with a rupture, sitting right down there. A minister of the Gospel that has a rupture. Believe, my dear brother. Do you believe with all your heart? And you can get well also. And do you believe with all your heart? Then you can be healed. Now, you can go on your road rejoicing. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Have faith.

**46** The lady with her hand up there, with the high blood pressure, you don't have to worry about it no more. Jesus Christ makes you whole. Amen. God bless you. There's a lady sitting right back there with a gall bladder trouble. You don't have to worry about that no more, sister, the Lord Jesus Christ makes you whole.

**47** Why He's here to make every one of you whole if you'll believe it right... Do you believe it? Do you believe the water of separation is now upon you? Brother, sister, I'm not a hypocrite, I'm your brother. This whole building's becoming illuminated just now with the powers of Almighty God. Do you believe with all your heart? Let's stand to our feet right now, waiting to get in while the waters are troubled. Let's pray. Everybody raise up your hands everywhere. Raise up your hands, little fellow. Raise up your hands down in the prayer line here just a minute. Oh, what a time! This is it, friends. This is it. I believe everyone of you is healed. The whole thing's just fading away, and turning all kinds of colors, out over the audience. O Jesus, Son of God, I rebuke every spirit of sickness. Take it away from them, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name. Come out Satan. Give God praise. Raise up your hands. Praise Him and rejoice and be healed, every one of you, for God's glory.
