---
Date: 1955-02-28
Title: Separation from unbelief
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: the Shriner Temple in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 41 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Separation from unbelief



**1** Thank you, Brother Jack. Good evening, friends, happy to be here again tonight in the service of the Lord. Just a little lame tonight, myself. Yesterday was quite a big day for me, and kind of after having three hard preaching services, and then the service last night after leaving the Indian Reservation too, made it kind of hard on me a little bit, and I've kind of felt awful bad today. I'm really tired tonight. If it was just this meeting here, it would be different, but, my, it's one right after the other everywhere, so get a little tired. Well, it's good to be here tonight in the service of God, and to pray for the sick again tonight. We're hoping the Phoenix meeting now, we'll have a great closing of the services, for the next two nights coming.

**2** Then we go to California to the Angelus Temple for five nights. Saturday morning we got to be in the Christian Businessmen Internationally, for the broadcast, and a breakfast at Clifton's, and then we go from there to the Angelus Temple for Sunday, to begin running through Wednesday. And then, on Thursday we begin at... I believe we end there on Thursday and begin out at the Stock Exhibit for the Christian Businessmen, where we was at last year, for five nights or more. It lays between, however, it goes, how... Every one knows, I suppose, we're to have a little one born at our house pretty soon, and I don't know just how long I can stay on this next call in there. So then, we are hoping that the Lord will meet with us, and bless us in these meetings.

**3** Then I go down to Macon, Georgia. And I think then up into the ... no, from there, back over to Colorado, I believe it is, for the Christian Businessmen Internationally, their convention that they're having in Denver. And then, perhaps, from there to Durban, South Africa, and up into Tanganyika, and Kenya, on into India, and perhaps maybe, many other countries before we get back again. We appreciate your kindness, and your loyalty of being with us here, and helping us. Last night, the place so packed out and everything, standing around the walls, made you feel sorry for the people, but through the daytime, I get little notes and things... Wished I could read all your letters, of the people talking about how they was healed, and so forth, and diseases and so forth left them. I'm so happy to hear about that. That's what we're here for, is to try to do the service of the Lord. Could not do it without your help, no matter what it would be.

**4** If the Lord Jesus, Himself, was standing right here, in a human form, why, He could not do one thing, until first you believed He could do it. When He was here the other time, He said, "There was many mighty works He could not do, because of unbelief." And to the gift of God, the little, oh, the little gift that the Lord has given me, I appreciate the compliments the brothers says, and so forth, but it's just a little thing that the Lord has given us, and we're thankful. It's not for me; it's for you. I just being the administrator of it.

```
Matthew 13:58 And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.

```
**5** Many people says, "Oh, I wish that would be to me." You just don't know what you're wishing for, my brother. If you had to know what went with it, why then, you wouldn't ... you'd be wishing the other way. I wish that the Lord would just make me a speaker, a real good speaker, so I could win the people to God. That's what I want to be. I'd go out of the meetings, happy and strong, go out, and eat a good supper, go to bed, get up the next morning, go downtown, shake hands with everybody, come into the meeting, walk up-and-down the aisles, shake hands with everybody; oh, how I'd love to do that. That would be one of the heights of my ambition. But it isn't that way; I can't do that. You can't meet people. You can't even say... Some people misunderstand. They think you're an isolationist. I'm not; I love people, but you can't be a servant of God and a servant of men at the same time, see. So you have to stay away in prayer, and watching.

```
Matthew 6:24 No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.

```
**6** Right at the place where I'm staying, visions pour in there and tell people things and what takes place, sometimes reveals things. I remember here, I believe it was the last time I was in this auditorium. I was sitting over here in the hotel (The man may be sitting here right now.), and the Holy Spirit taken me up, He said, "Now, don't you start a line today, till you see four men dressed in dark suits, will be bringing a man on a stretcher, hemorrhaging to death, dying." And said, "He'll be brought right straight to the platform, and there he'll be healed." And I remember I stood here and stalled for nearly twenty minutes; I wouldn't say nothing, just in a few... Some of the ministers knowed it, 'cause I told them. I said, "There's got to be someone coming, believing, hemorrhaging. His face is real red." And so they brought him in back at the back, packed him down over the audience in the stretcher, brought him up here. The Lord healed him, and he went on.

**7** I believe Brother Sharritt told me the other day, I forget what his name is, but he's a concrete man, or finisher, or something another. I wonder if the man's in the building tonight? Anybody know him, here? Anyone? Do you know him, do you? What's his name? I can't... Sheldon? Shelton---Mr. Shelton. Then I know He said in the prayer line: "When you come down along the prayer line, there'll be many things, but you'll hit a little boy wearing a sport coat, one eye sets out like that. As soon as he's healed, then get away from the platform." Remember what happened? The little boy with a sport coat on, come down and was healed, see. Things like that happen, and you... Now, if you're out talking to people, when that anointing's on you, you go talking to them, then here comes the vision to them, see. When you come to the platform, you're wore out, so you can't minister to them. All right.

**8** Now, we've tried tonight, being Monday, just be kind of a off night; we'll try to speak just a little bit from the Word, just a simple little text here of some sort, the Lord willing, and then go right on, have the service, whatever the Lord leads. Whether He calls the people up to the platform, if we have to call a few, or whether He just simply starts into the audience, or which ever way He leads it. And now, I was just thinking, these pictures... How many have them pictures? Do you have them in your home? Well, that's fine. I was speaking to a... Someone told me last night, or sent word out by somebody today, that... Today's been a haze to me. But there was one of the ladies was weeping or something last night here, seen it when it come down on the platform. Well now, if you have never seen It, here's a greater vindication of it being the truth, is to look at the picture of it. And it's not my picture, brother, sister. It's His picture; isn't mine. And He's with the church, not just with me; He's with all, every Christian, everywhere. He knows it's Christ, same pillar of fire led the children of Israel, I believe with all my heart. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. When He was there, He led them.

```
Exodus 13:21 And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**9** Look, how many ever read the Old Testament? Let's see your hands. Well, that's fine. Why, anyone knows that the Angel of the Lord that went before the children of Israel was the Angel of the covenant, which was Christ. Do you know that? Do you believe that? Sure it was. All right. He was in a pillar of fire. Is that right? Well, that's what He was that day; that's what He was---what they call yesterday. When the Scripture was written called today ... when He was today... Now, that's the way He went in the form of a pillar of fire. Now, we see that in the meeting, night after night, and we see it on the picture. Scientific world knows it. So that means He really was the same yesterday, and then today ... when He was here on earth, we'll see what He was. He went around, and how He saw visions, and told the people, and healed the lame and crippled, witnessed Himself that He didn't do one thing until the Father showed Him first by a vision what to do. Is that right? Here He is coming back, the very same thing, for to be forever, the same Lord Jesus: What He did in the days of Moses, what He did in the days of His flesh here on earth, and what He does today, He's the same yesterday, today, and will be forever, the same Lord Jesus.

**10** Now, in the book of II Kings, I'll read for just a portion of Scripture here, found in the 14th and 15th verses of II Kings. And being tired tonight, I'm just going to talk just for a few moments. This what makes it... I've never before made my own altar calls and done any preaching. The managers usually do it, and then I come right in and run a prayer line. But since Brother Baxter has left, why, Brother Jack Moore and I have agreed that... He wanted me to try to talk a little bit, said... But my, I'm a very poor preacher. And so when... And he says, "Oh, if the people... They don't care whether you say 'his' or 'hain't,' or 'fetch,' or 'carry,' or 'tote.' Just say something and they'll believe it." So I appreciate that; makes me feel real good to know that. You know, and as a theologian, I don't know very much about the Book at all, but what I do know, I really know. And one thing, I know the Author of it; that's the best part, to know Him who's wrote it. In the 14th verse we read this: And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, if it was not that I respected the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look towards thee, nor see thee. But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, while the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
2 Kings 3:14 And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

2 Kings 3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
**11** Now, shall we bow our heads, while we talk to the Author of the Book. Our beloved Father, tonight we approach Thee in that all-sufficient name of Jesus Christ, the beloved Son of God. For this we know, that He will hear us, for we are promised by Him, "that whatever you ask the Father in My name, that I will do." And we know that He would not hear us in our name, or perhaps He wouldn't... He hasn't promised to hear in our name, but He has promised to hear in His name. So we come presenting Him; and realizing as long as it's presenting Him, it's just the same as if He was standing doing the talking Himself. We get what we ask for, for we come with that type of faith. We pray that You'll shower Your blessings upon the Word tonight, and may every one in Divine Presence be blessed with a great outpouring of the blessings of God. And may every soul go away from here tonight, happy, rejoicing. And if there be strangers in our gates, who never has been with us before, when they go home tonight, may they be able to say like those who came from Emmaus that day, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" because of His presence.

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

John 14:14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

```
**12** Do something tonight, a little different from what the ordinary meeting is, that the people might know that You have raised from the dead. Make it a sure sign to the people by the Holy Spirit, like You did to those at Emmaus, that You were raised from the dead that Easter morning and You're alive forevermore. And we thank Thee for this, after nineteen hundred years, You're not one day older. You've went out of time into eternity and will be the same lovely Lord Jesus forever, and ever, and ever. Now, will You bless us tonight in the Word. Help me, Lord, being tired and worn. Bless the audience; they've come faithfully all of these nights, and packed in here. We pray that You'll give them a special blessing tonight. Heal all the sick and afflicted. Make every person to see the Lord Jesus tonight, and look and live, and be made well. Save the lost and the needy. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**13** I just happened to think of the word, "saved." Everyone says, "Oh, I believe you can be saved." Well, saved is... You can either be saved physically or spiritually. The same word used in, "Thy faith has saved thee." is the same word used, "The prayer of faith shall save the sick." And when you're lost, "saved" is translated every time for both physical and spiritual, sozo, which means you're saved physically or spiritually by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ.

```
Luke 7:50 And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**14** Our text tonight takes us back to a little thing to our minds: not to mix with unbelievers. The Scripture says, "Don't yoke yourself up among unbelievers. Do not be unequally yoked together." Many places of the Scripture teaches us that we should separate ourselves. The first thing that God required Abraham to do when He called him, was to separate himself from his people, his kindred, and then He'd bless him. Now, it doesn't mean you have to leave home; it means just separate yourself from your worldly associates. You know, today, the people are looking, the pastors and so forth... When the churches call their pastor, they want a great big six-footer, wide shoulders, dark wavy hair, attractive. That's what they want. That's right. And they want somebody who'll mix, and go out, and tell a few jokes, and make a few wisecracks, and so forth. But the Bible wants separators. God calls separators. That's right. The Holy Spirit separates us from the things of the world, from the cares of this world, and our whole affections set on Christ Jesus. Whether we live or die, we serve Him and love Him, and go forward, doing all that we can to magnify Him to the people.

```
Genesis 12:1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee:

2 Corinthians 6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?

```
**15** Now, in the day, well, just at the midnight of Israel's history... If you notice, King Solomon, in the day of Solomon, Israel was at its brightest turning. Then the king of Ahab, time of king Ahab, it was at its darkest. Just at the dark time of Israel, where Ahab married a little old, idol worshiper, and brought idolatry into Jewish religion, so did the Holy Ghost church marry into the world and bring idolatry in the dark ages: very beautiful type on both churches. And Ahab was a borderline believer, just a fellow that believed enough to make him miserable. Did you ever see people like that? Well, they have a conception that they would like to go to church, and do right; they feel like it'd make them a better social person in their social lives. And maybe for the sake of their children, they think they ought to, maybe, belong to church. If that isn't the most miserable person I know of. I tell you; that the best to cut loose all shore lines and launch out into the deep, or don't go at all. Just simply stay home, or either go all the way with Christ. God wants somebody who'll really go all the way, give all you got, soul, body, and spirit to the service of the Lord.

**16** Now, this borderline believer, as I called him a few moments ago, oh, he kind of had a mental conception of his theology, that he thought, Well, there is a God, but maybe Baalim is god too, and the others is, so forth. And his wife kind of got him mixed up in that. You know, boys, I'm telling you tonight, and you young ladies, be careful who you marry; you'll have a broken home the first thing you know. And it's not good to ... sinners and Christians to marry together. Don't be unequally yoked together, 'cause that's what got Ahab. She was a pretty little thing, yes, paint all over her face, and eyes like a lizard, but she was a... The thing of it was... Did you know what? That's the truth. That's the... Ahab just fell for her, because she was, perhaps, pretty, because he couldn't have fell for her for character, 'cause she was a murderer and she was everything else. That's right. And Ahab fell for her because she was pretty. And then, he got himself infatuated with her, and then she just ruled him with her finger.

```
2 Corinthians 6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?

```
**17** Do you know, the wisest man in the Bible outside of Christ died a heathen idolater because of a bunch of pretty women? Solomon. Pulled him away from God. All right. Don't yoke yourself up unequally. And I've seen many people come to the platform, and be healed, and walk away, and mix up with unbelievers, and their sickness come right back to them again.

**18** A fellow by the name of Dr. Church, a Methodist; I never met him. He wrote a book, and he said, "Here's the reason I don't believe in William Branham." He said, "I met a man here some time ago that come from one of his meetings, that had prostate trouble." And said, "He went over there, and William Branham told him, and prayed for him, and said, 'Thus saith the Lord,' you're healed.'" And said, "I met the man a year later, and I asked him, 'What about that?' He said, 'Well, Mr. Church,' he said, 'I was healed for about six or eight months, and, you know, the thing come back on me again.' So that shows that William Branham is false." And the same man, over in a camp meeting every year, get that bunch of Nazarenes and Pilgrim Holiness up there, that backslid during the year and claim that they were saved at the altar. That's right. Brother, healing is just as long as faith holds out and so is salvation. You can be saved tonight and lost next week. And you can be healed tonight and crippled again tomorrow, sick again tomorrow. The doctor can go over here, and put a patient in the hospital, put him under oxygen tent, and give him penicillin for pneumonia, and day after tomorrow pronounce him sound and well, and next Wednesday he can die with pneumonia. Is that right? That wasn't a sign he wasn't healed, certainly not. The Bible said, "When the unclean spirit's gone out of a man, he walks in dry places, seeking rest, coming... And the first thing you know, he goes and gets seven other devils, and comes back, enters in by force." If the good man of the house isn't standing there to war him out, he'll come in and be worse than he was the first place. So if you accept your salvation, put the barriers of the blood of Jesus Christ before the door. They can't step on that.

```
Matthew 12:43 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.

Matthew 12:44 Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.

Matthew 12:45 Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.

Luke 11:24 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out.

Luke 11:25 And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished.

Luke 11:26 Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.

```
**19** And then when you're healed, accept your healing, put the blood of Jesus always before you. That's not your feelings; it's not your theology. The only thing it is, is your faith set in Jesus Christ upon the finished work at Calvary, knowing this, that you, yourself, has died with your sacrifice as we taught yesterday. That's the reason the blood of a lamb could not bring the thing to the man, that killed the nature of his sin, because the animal life out of the blood could not return back to the man. But in a case of Jesus Christ, when He died, and the blood around His cell, which He was a virgin-born Son of God. And the Holy Spirit was wrapped in that virgin's cell, and when it was broke, when we come through that blood, and accept Him as our sacrifice, the Spirit that was in the blood cell, which is the Holy Ghost, comes back to the man, and brings Him into the kingdom of God. And he's a new creature in Christ Jesus. That's the reason he can believe in healing; he can believe in anything God says, because he's a part of God. He becomes a son of God, or a daughter of God.

**20** Now, Ahab had went off after this lovely, young lady, and had backslid, tore all the altars of God down, and built up hers. And she had enough temper for about ten women. And they had to please her, and pat her, and baby her around. So he had to kill the prophets and everything else. But God had some that wouldn't bow the knee to Baalim. God's always had Himself a remnant; He's had Himself... Never got any time but what He had one man at least He could put His hands on as a witness.

```
1 Kings 19:18 Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which hath not kissed him.

Romans 11:4 But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.

```
**21** And then, after the evil things that he did, and Elijah told him how the dogs would lick his blood and so forth... Now, after he died, then Jehoram, his son reigned in his place, just about as much wickedness, borderline as his father was: same nature. He never departed from the sins of the nation. And then Moab---half-brother, as it was, over there out of Lot's children---then he rebelled. Now, he was a sheep master in the days of Ahab, he gave several thousand sheep and their wool over to him to kind of make a peace offering. Israel was pretty strong in the days of Ahab. But then, she'd weakened down through that reign of Ahab, and when Jehoram took his place, then Moab rebelled against Israel.

```
1 Kings 21:19 And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine.

2 Kings 3:1 Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.

2 Kings 3:2 And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of Baal that his father had made.

2 Kings 3:3 Nevertheless he cleaved unto the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.

2 Kings 3:4 And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.

2 Kings 3:5 But it came to pass, when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.

```
**22** Now, Jehoram said, "I'll go up and see the king of Edom, see if he'll go with me, and then I'll also go over and get Jehoshaphat." Now, Jehoshaphat, there's a split in Israel in them days, Judah and Israel. And Jehoram reigned over Israel, and Jehoshaphat reigned over Judah. And Jehoshaphat was a righteous man, a good man, God-fearing man. But when Jehoram came up to him, and begin to, probably, talk about him, mixed his company and perhaps had a dinner or two together, or whatever they done, then under that spell of showing what great things they had in the nation, he fell an victim to hooking himself up with a unbeliever.

```
2 Kings 3:1 Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.

2 Kings 3:7 And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled against me: wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.

2 Kings 3:8 And he said, Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the wilderness of Edom.

```
**23** How true it is today, that sometimes somebody will come around that's a little bit high up in the world, maybe with a little more education than your pastor's got, telling you the days of miracles is past, and that's just ... not to believe in it and so forth, like that. You think, "Well, he's a scholar; he's got scholarships from here and there. He ought to know what he's talking about." Be careful; you're on dangerous ground. That's right. When you once accept Jesus in the fullness, then you stay with Him the same way till you die. That's right. If you accept Him as your healer, regardless of what takes place, stay with it anyhow. Sometimes is just when the darkest time comes along in your life, God's giving you a little trial to see if you really do believe it, when He really makes the thing known to you, perfectly.

**24** Now, when Jehoshaphat came down and made an alliance with Jehoram, that he would go to battle with him, the believer hooking up with the unbeliever, or the lukewarm, just because there's a few more of the Israelites than there was in Judah, they were a little richer people than there was up in Judah. How the riches of this world has blinded the people's eyes. How today, that's what's the matter with our nation. Why, you take in the heathen lands, let one thing happen in a meeting of a half a million people, that happens night after night here at the platform, and every, practically every unbeliever in there will weep his way to Calvary right then. Cripples will get up; blind will receive their sight, just simple. But our nation here... Not you people, people that comes to these kind of meetings are not the haughty and the rich; they're usually poor common people. But that's the ones the Bible said heard Him gladly.

**25** But you take the people of a whole in America, oh, my, they're well fed and furred. And they don't have to worry about anything. They got all the money they want, and thousands and millions of dollars, making yearly, and fine cars, big summer homes, and places, and everything. They don't have to worry. What's religion to them? Just a place to sit around, someplace to say, "Well, I belong to the church." And they'll find the highest and most classical church that they can go to. And did you know, that's the very side of Satan? I hope we don't get rough about it, but remember, in heaven what made Lucifer jealous? He goes over to the north and puts him up a better kingdom; he wanted a bigger kingdom, more brighter, better, prettier. The devil always works in beauty. Sure he does. That's the reason Cain offered what he did for his offering. But there was no beauty in Abel bringing his lamb, but Abel had a spiritual revelation from God, that that's what God would be pleased with. And as we have said: Only through spiritual revelation, can you ever know God. You'll never know Him by knowledge. GEN2:9,16,17

**26** In the Garden of Eden there were two trees: One was the tree of life; the other, a tree of knowledge. Man left the tree of life to eat the tree of knowledge. And the first bite he took, he separated his fellowship from God. Every time he takes a bite off of it, he destroys himself. He bit off gun powder; look what that did. Bit off automobiles; kills more than all the wars. He's got himself a hydrogen bomb now; wonder what he's going to do with that? See, he destroys himself. God don't destroy anything. Man, through knowledge, destroys himself. He goes to the seminary; he learns all about everything. Then he comes back; he knows more than anybody else about it. He comes back, and he explains all the blood out of the Bible. "This part's inspired; that part's not inspired." Just what he wants to believe is inspired. When he does, by that he separates himself and his congregation from the blessings of God. Amen.

```
Genesis 2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

Genesis 2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:

Genesis 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

```
**27** Here not long ago... I don't tell this for a joke; pulpit's no place for a joke, but for a point. A little woman had a son and she sent him away to... He had a call to be a ministry ... in the ministry. So she sent him away to school. The old mother, while he was gone, taken pneumonia and almost died. Sent for the son to stand by, 'cause they might call her. The doctor had give her up. A little old lady went to a mission down there and she heard about it. The Lord led her up there, and come to, and said, "Say, sister," said, "our pastor prays for the sick. Won't you let him come up and pray for you?" She said, "Why, yes, dear, I'd be glad." So he come up, and laid hands on her, and prayed for her, read Mark 16. Put his hands upon her, and prayed for her; the old woman was well the next morning. So she sent back, told her son that she was all right, wouldn't have to come home. So then, about a year later he come home on a visit. He said, "Mother, I want to ask you," said, "What happened?" Said, "You know, you sent for me to stand by; you wanted me to come home; you were dying with pneumonia. And the next morning here come a letter ... or, telegram, that I didn't have to come, that you were well." Said, "What kind of medicine did the doctor give you, that changed it all at once?" She said, "Well, son, I want to tell you." She said, "There's some people down here in the town, down in the low part, down there in the slum, that's got a little mission." And said, "A lady come up here and told me her pastor prayed for the sick." Said, "Honey, he come up here and read to me out of the Bible, that the people are supposed to lay hands on the people when they were sick. And you know, the Lord healed me." He said, "Oh, mother." Said, "Such as that, why," said, "those people are illiterate." Said, "They don't know no better. Why," said, "He was reading Mark 16?" Said, "Yes." "Why," said, "we learned in the seminary that Mark 16, from the 9th verse on is not inspired." Said, "Those people are illiterate; they just don't know no better. They don't know the Word like we learned in the seminary." The little mother said, "Well, glory to God." He said, "Mother, why," said, "you're acting like them." Said, "What's the matter with you?" Said, "I was just thinking: If God could heal me with uninspired Word, what could He do with that really is inspired?"; those other places. So that's about the way it is. We...

**28** Take you out there and put the embalming fluid in you and take all the God that was ever in you, out, and teach you theology. Why, you can't know God by knowledge. It's impossible. You've got... By grace are you saved and that through faith. Just believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. That's the way you know Him, not by all of your shrewd words; that takes you away from God. More you know, more you study and try to find out about it, the less you know. Quit studying and figuring it out; just let loose and believe. I used to preach over in the Baptist church a little sermon; I called it, "Let Loose And Let God." That's right. Just let loose and let God; as long as you got yourself into it, you're in the way. You know who the biggest enemy I got is William Branham. He's always in God's way. If I can just get him out of the way, then God can go to work. That's your worst enemy is yourself. Just get yourself out of the way, and then God can go to work. Now, be careful of your associates when you get out there, and get among the people, and this one begins to tell you this, and this one, that. Then you get yourself all mixed up; you don't know what you do believe.

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**29** A few weeks ago---oh, it's been a few months ago, rather, when I come back from Africa---I had ameba. And they was going to put me in a pest house when I come over, because they said I had ameba. You know the story of it. There's a doctor taken me in, and said, "I want you to drink some..." It was berridumeal, what it was." And oh, he was out of sorts that morning; I thought, God, what did You sent me in here for? And he was drinking that berridumeal. Said, "Catch your breath." I said, "Yes, sir." And he pushed in like this, and he pushed around, like he was pretty near putting his hands through me. And he said, "Lay down on the table." He said, "They tell me you're a missionary?" I said, "Well," I said, "I'm an evangelistic missionary." He said, "Well," said, "the doctor's told me that you was a preacher." And I said, "That's right." "Do you know, I studied that stuff once." I said, "You did?" I said, "What went wrong?" He said, "I found out it wasn't right." I said, "You did?" I said, "Well, I've been twenty-three years, and I never found that out yet." I said, "I just find out it's better to me all the time." "Well," he said, "here's what it is, Reverend." He said, "You know," he said, "I studied four years at Presbyterian seminary." And he said, "I got a hold of some books." He said, "you know, all the Mohammedans, they've got virgins births, and they got all kind of resurrections." He said, "I come to find out the whole thing was nonsense. You can't make it out." And I said, "Doctor, you're trying to compare the ridiculous with the sublime." I said, "There's not no comparison at all. They claim they have, but they have no witness of it." He said, "Neither have we." I said, "Oh, yes, we do." He said, "There cannot be one thing produced to prove that there is a supernatural Being." I said, Will you accept it, if it'll be proved to you?" And he said, "Well, how could you prove it?" I said, "I can prove it, scientifically, that there is a supernatural being." That's right. And he said, "I don't believe." He said, "I studied," said, "all these different things." I thought, Lord, give me wisdom, 'cause I'm speaking to a smart man and me a hillbilly. So I knowed that I had to have God's help, so... He said, "Well," he said, "I just don't believe there's such a thing." I said, "Well, I want to ask you something, doctor." And I begin to talk to him; I said, "The thing of it is, you try to figure everything out." I said, "I appreciate science." I said, "You looked right through my stomach, awhile ago, with the light that's in my body. The little board of a thing you put in up there, and my light meter just showed through there, and you went all through my stomach to tell me that I didn't have any symptoms of these things or any of them parasites anymore." I said, "Well, I appreciate that, and that's good." But I said, "Here's what it is. Science doesn't know God." I said, "You climb up this tree so far... And the tree of knowledge only goes so far, and then it's all the higher you can get." I said, "Climb up on the tree of knowledge just as far as you can, then step off on the tree of faith and go on believing on up like that." He said, "Well, I wish I could do that." I said, "You can, if you'll believe." And he said, "Well..." I said, "Did you ever read of the Lord Jesus in the Bible, of how that the things that He did, and so forth?" He said, "Oh, yes." And about that time, the Lord gave me a vision of something that he did. I said, "What about?" He said, "How did you know that...?" There you are. Isn't it strange, that people, the very thing that will bring joy and perfect satisfaction to the unbeliever's heart, they want to class it something else?

**30** Saved by faith, that's what we believe it... And faith is... You're not saved with faith; by faith you're saved. The thing hurts us is, the thing that you ask for. 'Cause it echoes in your heart, or sets in your heart, and you know you believe it, and you know you got it, before you even get it, see. Faith is the substance. And if people just... What it is, people trying to believe to be saved. That's intellectual faith. The Word will produce intellectual faith, but God has to produce the results. Now, if your faith is in your mind, that's not too good. Put your faith down here. Let your mind, it'll reason all out, say, "Well, now, let's see. It said this, the doctor said this, and mother said this, and dad said this, the pastor said this." Now, that's what intellectual faith. "Oh, I believe the Bible. Yes, sir, I think it's right, but you know..." See, you're trying to reason. That's intellectual faith. But when your faith comes from out of the intellectual realms, and the Holy Spirit puts it in the soul and the heart, you won't even think about these things. You won't try to see nothing. Only thing you know, that it's going to happen, regardless of who says it's not. That's it. It's in the heart; God puts it in there. There it is. When God puts it in there, all the devils out of torment will never move it. If you were laying dying, grasping, gasping your breath, the death rattle's in your throat, fifty doctors standing around saying, "He's going out to God in the next five minutes. He's leaving now.", and down in your heart, you believe Jesus Christ had healed you, that wouldn't bother you a bit. Just as sure as there's a God in heaven, you'd come out of it. Yes, sir. 'Cause God's duty bound; He's got to keep His Word. And you'll never know what is Christ or what is the Word, until first the Holy Spirit has personally revealed it to you in your heart. Then you know that Jesus is Lord, when your heart says so. Not when your knowledge says so; when your heart says so, that's when you know it.

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**31** Now, Ahab didn't have these qualities, neither did Jehoram. They were just intellectual believers. "Oh, yes, I read back where Moses led the children of Israel. Oh, I believe that, that's my ancient people." That's the way... Look at... Compare that with today. "Oh, we believe that God is a great God. Yes, we read back where He was with the people back, oh, two thousand years ago." That's intellectual. That's something that God did. That's like a man freezing to death, and paint him a big fire on the wall, and say, "Look what a beautiful fire that was. See this picture here? Well, we had a great fire to come. Look how everybody was getting warm." Everybody was getting warm then, but what about you? You can't get warm by painted fire. You got to have the fire itself. You've got to have the same thing that they had. And what the church needs today, is a good old-fashioned, AD 33, Pentecostal warming up by the Holy Ghost and fire, bring back faith to the church again, the faith that was once delivered to the saints.

**32** Now, Ahab in his lukewarm condition, died in that estate. And now, here come Jehoram around just like him, but the bad part is Jehoshaphat, a righteous man, on fire for God, here he comes and joins up with this lukewarm man. There's where the trouble come. A lukewarm believer is worse than an infidel. That's right. God, hurry the day when everybody will either be a Christian or a sinner, and say the same. Notice, but Jehoshaphat, the righteous man, come down under the spell of emotion, going out to war, drums beating, Israel with all these things, "Sure, we will go over, being on common grounds." And I want you to notice: All in the big rush, they left off with enough food to last them seven days, a compass for seven days. And the thing of it was, they went off without even having a prayer meeting or consulting God. That's a bad way to go to battle, isn't it?

**33** It's a bad way for you to come to church at night, expecting to get healed, without having a good long season of prayer before you leave home. Saying, "Lord, I want You tonight, to do something for me. When I get down there tonight, may the Holy Spirit just sink every word in my heart, and faith will anchor there, and I can raise right up in the meeting, and get my healing, and walk away perfectly whole." Then you'll go getting healed. But if you eat a great big supper, and fuss around the house awhile, and argue all the way down, why then, when you come down here, you'll probably go back the same way you come in. That's right. That may be a little bit hard. It's just like... I was a little old boy, we used to have pretty hard time of living. 'Course, it isn't too easy now, but it was awful then. We lived in a little old cabin. Mama used to broil meat skins for to make the grease to make bread out of. I don't know whether you had to do that or not, put them in the pan, you know, the meat rinds. You get them at the store, a whole big package of them for a quarter. And they put them in there and render it out, then she'd pour that into cornmeal, and we had corn pones and black-eyed peas. I don't whether you all know what they are or not. Black-eyed peas and this corn pone, that's a real good southern dish, and sorghum molasses and hominy grits for breakfast. So then...

**34** And every Saturday night, she had a old-fashioned way. They had a big old cedar tub, and teakettle on the stove, or hanging over the fireplace. And they'd pour this water in, and all of us little Branhams had to come up and get a bath, all in the same water, same tub. And so it went right on through. And me being the oldest, I was the last. Of course, she bathed the little ones first; pour a little more water in just warm it up. Why, I imagine a lot of you done the same thing. That's right. That's right. That's right. Just because we can wear a little better clothes, and a better automobile, we're still just eighty-four cents worth of chemicals. That's all. You have to weigh a hundred and fifty pounds to be that.

**35** Did you know a man's only worth eighty-four cents in chemicals? Just enough chemicals about him, a little bit of calcium, and just enough whitewash to sprinkle a hen's nest, and you know, just a few chemicals, and then you walk around like you're worth a hundred million dollars. And what are you anyhow? That's what any of us is. After a while we're going to lay out there in the graveyard and rot away. But that soul, brother, that's in there tonight in the front of God is worth ten million worlds. That's right. You'll take care of the eighty-four cents, but you'll just let anything come in that soul. Let's be sensible, brother; let's really serve the Lord. And mother, I remember she used to... Every Saturday night, we didn't have enough vitamins and things (You see), so we'd have to take Castor oil. I took so much of that stuff, till I can't hardly stand to look at the bottle today. I used to hold my nose, and I'd say, "Oh, mama, please don't do it. It makes me so sick." She said, "Now, look here, son; if it doesn't make you right good and sick, it doesn't do you any good." So maybe, that's the way it is with preaching the Gospel. If we don't get right rough with it once in awhile, it don't do you any good. Get you stirred up. Amen. Do you hear it? That's what we need: a roughing up.

**36** You just get in one old rut all the time. Let's break out into the deep, let down, don't be shore bound. Everybody's tied up with a certain thing; they're all right. But you tie yourself around something: "This is what we Methodists believe. This is what we Baptists believe. This is what we Pentecost believe." But here's what the Bible says. Amen. That's what... I believe, what He says. I still could belong to the Methodist, or Baptist, or wherever it was, but I want to believe what the Bible says, because the Holy Spirit in you will make you believe it. If it ever comes in, it believes it itself. For you yourself are reckoned dead. Amen. Your life is hid through God, in Christ, sealed by the Holy Ghost. Then you say, "The devil got me." He couldn't get you. You got him. It's just vice-versa.

**37** Now, Ahab goes over there now ... I mean, Jehoram goes over, and makes this alliance, and out they go for seven days' journey out in the wilderness. They hadn't halfway got there yet. So the first thing you know, they was out of water. Their water supply was cut off, because of lack of prayer. Don't you think that's a whole lot around Phoenix, and everywhere else today, across the nation? The Holy Spirit type... The water's a type of the Holy Spirit, the smitten rock. "God so loved the world, He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish." As the waters went to a perishing people, to keep them from dying out of the smitten rock, so does the Holy Spirit go to a perishing people. Do you believe it?

```
2 Kings 3:9 So the king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they fetched a compass of seven days' journey: and there was no water for the host, and for the cattle that followed them.

John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**38** You know, I seen a picture here not long ago in a big museum of that rock giving its water. If it wasn't... It was as bad as what I've told you the other night about Adam and Eve. Why, there was a little bitty old drip falling down, a little bitty thing about the size of my finger. If I'd be right thirsty, I could drink that thing dry myself. But look, they watered two million people, besides camels, cattle, and things. Brother, it come forth in a gusher. The Holy Ghost just don't sprinkle a little bit; it baptizes all together. Lose all conscious of everything, when the Holy Spirit baptizes. Brother, you could swim in it. Amen.

```
Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

```
**39** When I was a little boy, I used to tell my daddy I could swim. I was in a little pond; he took me back there, a little culvert. I passed by here sometime ago, a little ... about that deep, you know, and he wanted to see me swim. I got up there in the sassafras bushes, and took off my clothes, come down and jumped up on a little box, and held my nose (I was about seven years old.) hit that mud, and just splashed every way, here I come, mud, just crawling down through it, my little old stomach dragging in the mud. He sat there; I seen that discouraged look on his face. When I looked up, he said, "Get out of there, and get you a bath, and go home." See? That's just about the way it ought to be said to some of these mud crawling Christians too. That's right. That's exactly. They're crawling along in the mud.

**40** One day my uncle got me out on the back of a boat in about thirty foot of water. I kept popping off about I could swim. He took the oar and knocked me off in the water. I had to prove it then. Sometimes God just lets you get a good case of diseases, some sort like that, somewhere, a disease that the doctor says he can do no more for you, to keep you from mud crawling, so you cut loose and go to swimming. Amen. Let something happen sometime in your family, something come up, so you really have to swim, get out in the gusher.

**41** Their water supply had dried up. They had no water for them or their camels, and their horses and so forth. Oh, they was all disturbed and they said, "Oh, God brought us out here---these three kings---to get killed out here. They'll sure get us." Then it was a horrible time to think so, but it's a good thing that there was righteous man among them, anyhow. There's one man kind of had a little of God about him. He knowed where to go to in the time of trouble---Jehoshaphat. He said, "Isn't there a prophet somewhere, that we can consult the Lord and see what's gone wrong?" One of the fellows come up, said, "Yes, there's Elijah down there ... Elisha." Said, "He poured water on Elijah's hands." In other words, his associates had been right.

**42** You know you kind of judge by your associates. Birds of a feather flock together. Did you ever hear that? That's the truth. That's an old proverb, but it's the truth. You never did see any buzzards and doves having any fellowship with one another. Their diet's different. And just as sure as you get God in you heart, your diet will be different too. You'll come out from the things. You know why the dove can't eat with the buzzard? The dove is a different makeup; he doesn't have any gall. He can't digest them things. And that's the way it is. The old crow'll sit out there. Do you know, a crow, he can sit on a dead carcass, eat half the day, go out and eat wheat the other half the day. But the dove can sit and eat wheat, but he can't eat the dead carcass.

```
2 Kings 3:9 So the king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they fetched a compass of seven days' journey: and there was no water for the host, and for the cattle that followed them.

2 Kings 3:10 And the king of Israel said, Alas! that the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab!

2 Kings 3:11 But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD, that we may inquire of the LORD by him? And one of the king of Israel's servants answered and said, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat, which poured water on the hands of Elijah.

```
**43** So you see, you can have somebody pretending to be Christian, when he's not, pretending he's a believer, when he's not: fly up, back out the next day and go down to the barroom, sit half a day, fuss with his wife all day long, drag on an old pipe like a big calf, or something another, then call himself a Christian: yeah, go down to church, and shout, carry on like the rest of them. That's the truth. That's pretty scorching, but, brother, it's the truth. Amen. Well, I'll leave that for these pastors to preach. I better get off of that. We're on divine healing.

**44** Anyhow notice, when he got over there then he found out, he said "There's Elijah; he's kept his company straight (Elisha), ' cause he just associated with the prophet, a real prophet. And we understand, he has the double portion. You know what that's the type of? That's a type of the Holy Ghost church associating with Jesus. Do you believe it? Elisha looked. He said, "Now, to... When he knew he was going to be taken up, translated, he told Elisha, said, "Now, you wait here, for I'm going to another place." And Elisha said, "As the Lord liveth, and your soul never dies, I will not leave you." Going to stick with him. So he was trying him out. Sometimes God gives you trials (Did you ever know that?), give you some child training. Oh, get you all fixed up sometime like that, just to see what you'll do about it, see.

```
2 Kings 2:2 And Elijah said unto Elisha, Tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said unto him, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went down to Bethel.

2 Kings 2:4 And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to Jericho.

2 Kings 2:6 And Elijah said unto him, Tarry, I pray thee, here; for the LORD hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.

```
**45** So he said, "As the Lord liveth, and your soul never dies, I'll not leave you." He walked up to the school of prophets. He got up there where all these preachers was. And then he said, "You stay here now; I'm going to Jordan." Said, "As the Lord liveth, and your soul never dies, I'm not going to leave you." So he gets down to Jordan; they crossed the Jordan together on dry land. Elijah turned around and said, "Elisha, what do you want?" Said, "I want a double portion of that Spirit." That's a good thing. He said, "Now, you've asked a very hard thing, but nevertheless, if you see me when you go ... when I go, you'll receive it." Now, could you imagine Elisha to ever getting his eyes off of him? He kept his eyes right on him. No matter if he passed anybody, say, "Hey, we've got a better organization than yours." He didn't pay any attention to that; he kept his eyes on Jesus, just kept moving right straight on. "Hey, I tell you, you're going to be a fanatic if you follow that old line of doctrine you're in." But just kept his eyes on Jesus, just kept moving right on. And why? He was wanting a double portion. And so, look, when Jesus was taken up as a type, the same thing taken place.

```
2 Kings 2:2 And Elijah said unto Elisha, Tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said unto him, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went down to Bethel.

2 Kings 2:3 And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.

2 Kings 2:4 And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to Jericho.

2 Kings 2:5 And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.

2 Kings 2:6 And Elijah said unto him, Tarry, I pray thee, here; for the LORD hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.

2 Kings 2:9 And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elisha, Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elisha said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me.

2 Kings 2:10 And he said, Thou hast asked a hard thing: nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee; but if not, it shall not be so.

```
**46** Now, Elijah ... when Elijah went away, he threw back his garment, and Elisha picked it up, and put it on himself, and he had a double portion of the Spirit that was upon Elijah. Now, when Jesus was getting ready to go, a woman said, "Let my son set on one right hand, and on the left of the kingdom." He said, "Can you drink the cup that I drink?" Said, "Yes." Said, "Can you be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?" She said, "Yes." He said, "You can, but the right and left hand is not for Me to give." So He said, "These things that I do, a little while and the world seeth Me no more, yet you'll see Me. For I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world. The things that I do, shall you also, and greater (double portion) than this shall you do, because I go to the Father." Is that right? Correctly.

```
Matthew 20:21 And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.

Matthew 20:22 But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.

Matthew 20:23 And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 10:37 They said unto him, Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory.

Mark 10:38 But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not what ye ask: can ye drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?

Mark 10:39 And they said unto him, We can. And Jesus said unto them, Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized:

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**47** Now, and when Elisha come back with this garment, they knew that he had a double portion. So they went down to consult this prophet. Now, you know, this is going to hurt a little bit of you people, this Arminian doctrine. And I'm not too strict a Calvinist, myself. But you know, it come down at the place, and you know what? That preacher, of course, he wouldn't get angry, but he got his righteous indignation stirred up. He seen that hypocrite out there, and that righteous man with him, and looking at him he kind of blew up. He said, "If it wasn't that I respected the presence of Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even look at you." My, he got out of humor. Well, there's only one thing to do when a man gets in that condition, the same thing Elisha did. Said, "Now, go get a minstrel and start playing." And when they went to play the music, they got in the Spirit. Shame on you people that don't believe in music. That's what brings the Spirit of the Lord sometimes. God doesn't change. If He liked it then, He likes it now. Well, you say, "I'd like to live." If you can't be Elisha, be one of the instruments, be one of the minstrels' strings then. Make something, do something for the Lord, part of it altogether brought the Spirit of God. Is that right? The presence of the prophet and the playing of the minstrel...

```
2 Kings 2:13 He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and went back, and stood by the bank of Jordan;

2 Kings 3:14 And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

2 Kings 3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
**48** And they begin to play some good old hymn upon these stringed music, and beat the tambourine, and they all got into the spirit. And you know what? Here's another thing. Him sitting there all stewed up about, this, that, or the other, the Spirit of God couldn't deal with him. You've got to get away from that kind of a condition. "I'm a Methodist. I'm a Baptist. Dr. Jones don't believe in this. My pastor said, 'It's nonsense; don't go down there. Don't listen to this.'" As long... You'll never see nothing. You've got to get in the Spirit. Amen.

**49** So when Elisha got in the Spirit, then God begin to show him some things. And if you want to really get to see some things, get in the Spirit. And the first thing you know, when he got into the Spirit, well then, all of a sudden he raised up and said, "Thus saith the Lord, I want you to go out here and dig this whole valley full of ditches (a desert parched just about like between here and South Mountain). I want you to dig it all full of ditches, for Thus saith the Lord, you're not going to see any winds, or thunders, or hear anything, but these ditches will be filled full of water in the morning. Thus saith the Lord."

```
2 Kings 3:16 And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.

2 Kings 3:17 For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts.

```
**50** Now, the duty was... That looked ridiculous to the carnal mind. "Well, Elisha, surely, if you want us to get some water, you'd tell us to drill down here somewhere, at your pump or somewhere." But he said, "Go out there, in the driest place there is, and start digging some ditches." See, ain't no water yet, you ain't going be able to throw sand out. But you're making ready for water. Amen. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. 'Cause the Word of God said it, believe it anyhow. No matter what takes place, what your mind tries to say, if God said it, let the mind that was in the One that said it be in you. Amen. Get ready.

```
2 Kings 3:16 And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.

Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

```
**51** I can see little John Doe, a little old soldier go out there and kind of hurt his prestige you know, got his shovel out, and he hit down like that, and he hit a big old cobblestone. My, hit down a little farther, and he hit an old teakettle, an old coffee pot, everything had been laying out there in the desert. Throw it out. That's the only thing... Everywhere them old doubters, and this old teakettle raise up and say, "Well now, Dr. Jones said that was mental telepathy. There's nothing to it." Throw it out; make room for some water. That's right. Here's an old cobblestone, saying, "The days of miracles is past." What are you looking at like that? Throw it out. Let water take its place. Amen. Let faith take the place of unbelief, of unbelief and superstition. Throw it out. For deeper you dig, the more water you'll get. You got to dig that deep; that's all the water you get. God wanted it that deep. That's how much water you get. So let's go to digging right now. Throw out all. Lay aside every weight and the sin that so easily besets you. Take... What is sin? Unbelief. That little thing that said, "Well, it couldn't be done. My, the doctor says this, or..." The doctor may be right, as far as he knows, but God said different: "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Throw the thing out of the way then, give the chance for the Holy Ghost to make a way down through this building tonight. No matter what you done; though you sin like scarlet, they'll be white like snow. Make a way for it; dig the ditches.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

```
**52** And the next morning, God moved in and filled all the ditches, and they each one got water. And the other alien army was pursued, and run down, and they took rocks in their hands, and went over to them enemies and stopped up all their wells. Wasn't that a wonderful victory? Not only won all the victory, but stopped up their wells (Amen.), them old stagnated ponds they was drinking in anyhow. What we need tonight, is the people that'll dig down and get a little salvation in their soul, get the victory in there, and get healed, saved, filled with the Holy Ghost, and stop the mouths of some of these old critics saying the days of miracles is passed. Throw the stone of faith into it, like that, and stop the thing up. Amen. That's what we need tonight, is a revival like that. Don't you believe it? You can, if you believe. Amen. Shall we pray.

```
2 Kings 3:16 And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.

2 Kings 3:17 For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts.

2 Kings 3:18 And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.

2 Kings 3:19 And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and mar every good piece of land with stones.

2 Kings 3:20 And it came to pass in the morning, when the meat offering was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of Edom, and the country was filled with water.

2 Kings 3:25 And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers went about it, and smote it.

```
**53** Heavenly Father, we love You because Thou has first loved us and give us of Thy blessings. We love Thee because that Thou has promised, that whosoever will may come and drink from the waters of life freely, the waters of life, eternal life. We hear our Master say, "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has Everlasting Life (Done took the waters of Life freely, because he believed.), and shall never come into condemnation but has passed from death to Life." Oh, how we love that, Father, and we love to quote it over. When Satan gets a raging around, we quote this Scripture to him; Jesus said so: "Resist the devil and he'll flee from you." We thank Thee for all these things. Bless the ones that's here, tonight, maybe, Father, that doesn't know You, not knowing, maybe, before they get home the old car may wreck up against the side of the street, some drunk come through and... Maybe their heart will stop beating tonight, doctor run up to the door, and run in, put his stethoscope to the heart, say, "Well, sorry to tell you, but it's over. He's going." Feel the chilly death comes slipping up the sleeve, then they'll wonder, "Oh, when I was sitting in church, when the Holy Spirit was knocking at my heart, why didn't I say, 'Yes.'" 'Cause I have a promise, if I'd only believe it, that I'll have everlasting life. God, that's got to come to every one of us, someday, some way, we've got to meet You. Death lays in the door; we don't when it'll come, but be prepared, Father. And may everyone in here be prepared for it.

```
James 4:7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**54** While we have our heads bowed, if the organist will play, "Abide With Me," I wonder... I know, friends, this is usually you hear an evangelist preach, and make some sort of a call, or tells something about mother that's gone on to heaven. I don't want you to come because mother's there; I want you to come because the Holy Spirit's telling you to come. Come upon the basis of the shed blood of Jesus Christ, a consecrated way that He's consecrated through the veil, that is to say, His flesh, and you believe it. There's only one thing you have to do to receive it, is just say in the depths of your heart, "Lord, I now accept it. I see these people that's so happy. They go along. I wish I could be like that," you say. You can. "What do I have to do, Brother Branham?" Just lift your heart to God, and say, "Lord, I now accept Jesus as my personal Saviour." Mean it from your heart, and you won't have to move from your seat. God's right there to do it. If He's at your heart, talking to your heart, He's closer than anything else; He's right in the door of your heart.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**55** While we have our heads bowed, I wonder if there's one in here tonight, that's an alien, not right with God, would raise your hand to God now, not to me, just so God can see your hand, say, "Lord, I accept it." God bless you, sister. God bless you, you, you. God bless you, sister, you. God bless you, lady, you, you, sir. Back over to the right, anybody back over there, say... God bless you, you, you. God bless you. Oh, that's wonderful. Oh, I tell you, friends, it's wonderful, old-fashioned conviction. Over to my left here, someone raise your hand, say... God bless you, lady, I see you. God bless you. God bless you, Indian boy. Back there, yes, I see you. God bless you. Yes. Way back, yes. Up to the left in the balcony, someone up in there. God bless you, little lady. God bless you, honey, the little boy there. Someone else? God bless you, honey, I see you. God bless you, sir. God bless you, lady. I see you. Yes sir, God sees you too. The balcony to the right, raise your hand, saying, "God remember me." God bless you, brother. Upon raising your hand. God bless you. God bless you, you. Upon doing that, I say, from the depths of my heart, if you believe me... God bless you, my brother back there, the Spanish brother. If you believe me... God bless you, the lady sitting here in the wheelchair, accepting Christ as personal Saviour. Here's the Word of God.

**56** "Brother Branham, what do I have to do?" Just accept it. Believe it. Jesus said, "No man can come to Me, except My Father draws him." That's God telling you to raise your hand. "And all that will come, I will in no wise cast out. I will give them everlasting life." Now, here's His own words, "He that believeth on Me, He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has everlasting life and shall never come into condemnation, but's already passed from death to life." Because what? You believed on the only begotten Son of God.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**57** Now, if you're just... If there's something knocking at your heart, that's God. That's Him saying, "Raise your hand." He's talking to you: "That's Me here." Now, when you raise your hand, it ain't so much whether I see it or not; that doesn't make any difference. God sees it. And you remember this: I've got to stand by every one of you in the judgment seat of Christ. I have to meet you there, and I'll be responsible for you. If you'll believe with all your heart, right now, that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that He died in your place to redeem you back to God, and accept it fully from your heart, and raise your hand to God, that you did the same, by the authority of Almighty God's Word, and the Holy Ghost, which He's here at the platform now, you have everlasting life the minute you do it. God bless you, lady. God bless you, way back there. God bless you, sir. That's wonderful, just everywhere, new ones raising their hands. You, young lady. You, young lady, another. Yes, God bless you and you. Yeah, lovely little lady, that's right, sister, just at the turning points of life there, just a little lady. God bless you; that's the way. Take the right road.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**58** God gives you everlasting life, the minute you raise your hand and accept it. He promised He would. He can't lie. He's God. Everlasting life... God be with you now. Is everyone sure now? It's the Holy Spirit still moving? Is there one that hasn't raised their hand, would just raise their hand, say, "Just now, I accept it." God bless you, laddy. God bless you, sir. God bless you, little boy. Yes. That's it. God bless you, lady. That's wonderful. God bless you, lady, mother, yes. That's new ones, everywhere. The Holy Spirit's still dealing. Now, you just remember as you're... Everybody praying. Sometime between now and the day that you leave this earth, if you're conscious the hour you're leaving, you'll remember in this meeting, you put up your hand. That's right. God promised He'd do it, and He will.

**59** Some fifty or sixty people, or better, has put up their hands, maybe a hundred tonight, wanting salvation to the soul. All right. Now, let's pray for these people that's had their hands up, while the organ and piano is still playing, "Abide With Me." Let's take our minds back now, after... [Blank spot on the tape] ... after the earth has been blowed up, just atomic ashes laying all over, God pulls it back into its right cycle, great palm trees come up over the earth, springs of fresh water bubbling up, the big birds going from tree to tree, the lion laying down with the lamb... Some glorious morning, Jesus will come. From that land beyond this veil of sorrow we live, when these mortal wheels, that's turning in us now, stop, our soul takes its flight, we'll come again in the resurrection, and you'll see Him, the lovely One, and right, tonight, some near a hundred people, right here in the audience, now, that would not have went, will go now.

**60** Father, we're grateful for this. We thank Thee, for it was Your Spirit. Man, in his own spirit, cannot accept You, because he's an alien. His nature's altogether different. They heard the Word, and they believe. And now, Father, I pray that You'll give each one everlasting life, and fill them now up with the Holy Spirit. And when this service is over, may every one gather here in the room, kneel down before their Maker, give thanks to Him for saving their soul. And may every one that enters the room there, be filled with the Holy Spirit. Grant it, Lord. And now, will You come on the scene and heal the sick? To these new converts, perhaps, their first time ever being in the meeting, let them know that You've raised from the dead, Lord, that the same Spirit that spoke to them tonight, to raise their hand, accept You, is the same Spirit that'll be healing the sick, if You shall come and do so. So, Father, come. Speak to us now. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**61** Oh, you don't know how that makes me feel, just feels like the Holy Spirit in me, just weeping out with joy. How many of you raised up you hands, that feels different now? Let's see you raise your hand again, if you feel different. Everywhere, all over the building, everywhere, raise your hands, that raised your hand, that felt different. My, just look. Isn't that marvelous? Why? Something happened. The Holy Spirit came to your heart, forgave your sins. Jesus came in. Now, that little seed that come in there, will start growing, growing, growing, and you'll become a real seasoned-out saint of God, an old veteran pretty soon.

**62** Now, I want to ask you something now, before we start the prayer line. Now, for the first timers, you here probably never seen one of the meetings before, so that you'll be sure to know it beyond a shadow of doubt: I do not claim to be a healer. I cannot heal nobody, and I don't believe there's anyone in the world today that can heal anybody. I don't believe there's a doctor that can heal anybody. Frankly, they don't claim to. And really, I have never met a minister in my life, that claimed to heal the sick. They don't do that. We only point you to the person that's already healed you, see. Now, you people that raised your hand, you wasn't saved just a few minutes ago. You were saved nineteen hundred years ago, but you accepted it just a few minutes ago. Now, the same thing, you were healed when He died for you, and now, you have to accept it. Now, the first and initial way, is by preaching the Word. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word." Now, besides that, God has set in the church, gifts; determined that all must have a chance. "He's not willing that any should perish, but all might have eternal life."

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**63** So now, let's see what Jesus did in His day. Now, the brethren, on the field, to you newcomers, most of them they come out, and anoint the sick with oil, and pray for them, lay hands on them. That's exactly the way God said do it. It's exactly. That's gifts of healing. They have great overpowering faith; they take the situation over by faith, and get rough with the enemy. They do that to build their own faith up, and away it goes. They lay hands on the sick, some of them; some of them anoint the sick, and pray for them. That's exactly what the Scripture said do.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

James 5:14 Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:

```
**64** Now, now, that's their ministry, the way they do it. Now, to me, gifts and callings of this type is not by laying on of hands. You're born with these gifts, see. You come in the world with them. Now, just as natural for me to see a vision as it is for you to take a drink of water when you're thirsty, see. Nothing I have to do with it. Your own faith does it, see. Now, it'll come to the platform, this same Angel, if it does; it's never failed yet. I trust that it will. Then it's your faith that operates It. See, when the Angel of God, the Holy Ghost, God Himself, was with Jesus Christ, the woman touched His garment. He didn't see no vision about that. And yet, He said, "I do nothing, except the Father shows Me."

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**65** But the woman touched His garment, that ... He got weak. He said, "Who touched Me? I got weak. Virtue went out." And He looked around and He found her, and He said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Now, the woman herself operated the gift of God, through the Son of God, Jesus Christ. Is that right? But now, God, when He showed Him a gift, why it was diff... or, showed Him a vision. Jesus said, when He passed by the crippled and afflicted people, He said ... didn't heal any of them but one man on a pallet. Saint John 5, they asked Him about it, questioned Him, He said, "Well, verily, verily, I say unto to you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son, likewise. The Father worketh; I worketh hitherto, but I do nothing, except the Father shows Me."

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**66** Now, that doesn't mean you get healed. That means that your own faith accepts it. You can accept it just the same on believing the Word, right now. But God in His mercy, not willing that you should go on sick, but has sent all kinds of gifts into the church to build your faith, to let you see that He is present. Now, when He was here on earth, He had a power about Him, that He perceived their thoughts. Is that right? The woman come to Him at the well; He said, "Bring Me a drink." You know how the story goes. And she said, "Not customary for the Jews to talk to Samaritans," and so forth. And He went and found her spirit. He told her where her trouble was, said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have none." Said, "That's right, you got five." Now, watch what she said (to the newcomers); she said, "I perceive that You are a prophet." She said, "I know when Messiah cometh, He will do these things. He will show us things like that. But how did You know that was my trouble? Messiah, that'll be the sign of the Messiah. But who are You?" He said, "I'm He that speaks to you." She ran into the city, and left her water pots, said, "Come, see a Man that told me," (She was all excited, of course.) said, "everything I ever done." He just told her that one thing, but God could've showed Him everything. Do you believe that?

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**67** So now, if Jesus has risen from the dead, He is not dead, He is risen from the dead. He said, "The things that I do, shall you also. More than this shall you do, for I go to My Father." Is that right? "A little while and the world sees Me no more (That's the unbeliever.), yet ye shall see Me, for I (personal pronoun), I will be with you, even in you (Till how long? The apostle's age?), to the end of the world. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." May the Lord bless. (What cards was given out?) All right.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**68** Now, just say Brother Roberts' ministry, Brother, oh, Jaggars, and many of them, it's contact, contact, laying hands on, contact. God didn't send me for that. He sent me by a divine gift to magnify or to prove to the audience that Jesus Christ is in the midst of the people, and then they look to Calvary and live. That's the difference, see. It's not laying hands on them; it's looking and believing. My ministry is a ministry of faith, believe it. Theirs is laying on hands, casting out evil spirits. That's good. That's the Scripture. Well, that's one type of ministry. They get three or four hundred a night. I might get to three or four in a night. That's the difference, see. But if one... If it absolutely proved that Jesus raised from the dead, and is here in our midst tonight, every one of you ought to accept it, when the Scripture says that it's for whosoever will, let him come. Is that right?

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**69** Now, the boy said they give out some prayer cards, "Q's." We can't stand all of you up; we know that. So let's just stand up a few of them over here to the side to pray for them. Now, the little cards ... the little card's got my picture on it; In the back, it's got a number, and a letter called, "Q." Did you say 1 to a 100? Let's... Who has Q-1? Now, let's see, have prayer card number 1. Do you have it, lady? Come over here. Two, who has 2? All right, sir, over here. Three, Q-3, would you raise your hands, right quick? If you can't, tell somebody sitting next to you. Look at your neighbor's cards. Three, would you raise your hand? Three. Four, who has number 4, would you raise your hand? Four? All right. Five, prayer card 5, would you raise your hand? It might be somebody that's deaf. What say? Oh, way back? All right. Five. Six? Six? All right. Seven? All right. The Indian man there was it? Seven? Eight? Nine? Ten? Eleven? Twelve? Thirteen? Fourteen? Fifteen? Now, we could stand up all the rest of them. But the thing of it is, you'd have to stand too long.

**70** Now, while they're lining the prayer line, just for a few minutes, I want to ask you this. How many in here does not have prayer card, and yet, you solemnly believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and you believe that He died to heal you from sickness, and you'll raise your hand so I can see? God bless you. God bless you. I'll do this by the merit of the Lord Jesus, by the witness of His Holy Spirit, if you'll look this way, and believe with all your heart while the service is going on, and take all of the skeptic out of your mind, and say, "It's hard for me to believe, but I truly believe that Jesus is risen from the dead, and this is His Spirit moving in here." and accept the Spirit of God, here to be the Spirit of God, and watch and see if He don't turn around and tell you that you're healed, or whatever it is that you have need of.

**71** Now, I'm going to ask you not to move around, while we're praying for these people. Here's some handkerchiefs. Will you bow your head with me? Our heavenly Father, as these handkerchiefs goes out here, parts of the world, for the needy, let Thy mercy be upon them, Father. Grant that each one that these handkerchiefs, aprons, and little stockings, and everything that's in here, scarves, ties, they're going to be placed on those who are needy. Father, I just join with their prayer also, in saying, "Lord Jesus, be merciful and grant their request." For we ask it in His name. Amen.

**72** Two missing. Number 2 missing. Prayer cards number 2, Q number 2? Look around; somebody look at these people here, maybe... If you can't get up, or if you're deaf, or something, look at your neighbor. Maybe, somebody's deaf and can't even raise up. Maybe can't even speak English or something. Prayer card Q, number 2? Would you... Well, I called, if they don't come, why, it's okay. Did they find it? Its... Oh, all right. That's all right. All right.

**73** Now, will everyone do me a favor, please? I know it's hard, young folks. I was young many years ago myself so... It's kind of hard, I know, to sit still, but try tonight for the Lord Jesus, and for Brother Branham's sake, for these who's in the prayer line. See, each one of you is a spirit. And then, it'll be... See, you're just... When I get contact with that spirit, maybe, your mother sitting up here. Maybe your mother sitting up in here, or up in here, or your daddy, and they want to be healed. Maybe, it's your friend, and maybe the Holy Spirit moving in, and you rustling, bustling around, throws it off from them like that. I can't explain it. I just ask you to believe it, see. It's just a contact with every spirit. And you're watching every minute to see what the Lord Jesus will do. All right.

**74** Now, Almighty God, come now, won't You Father, these next few minutes? I'm tired tonight, worn out, but the Word, You give it forth, Lord, the best that I knew how for the little sermonette, teaching people to separate themselves from unbelief... And now, Father, will You come, now, after sending all those lovely people to Thy throne, and they accepted Thee as personal Saviour? Will You just come now, that their faith might be confirmed, with great signs and wonders of the resurrected Lord Jesus? Lord, we're telling the people that You're not dead, that You're alive, and You're here. And now, will You just come tonight, and take over this poor, unworthy, tired body. But, God, it's all I got to offer You. And I believe You; and make every person in here, their bodies become subjects to the Holy Spirit, that their faith might speak. And the Holy Ghost might come to Thy servant and do something that would cause them all to believe. Grant it, our heavenly Father, for we ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

**75** Now, for the glory of God, I take every spirit in here under my control, in the name of Jesus Christ. Now... Just be reverent now, as you can be. Just as the Holy Ghost moves in, friend, this very Angel that's on this picture, is right here now, and there's a epileptic in here somewhere, a screaming out, see. Now, that's the kind that I... I want you to keep your children near you, if you will, 'cause it'll go from one to another. I don't know where it's at, but it's in here. So have faith now, believe. Sit still, and no matter what happens, sit still. Just do what He says do. Now, I won't be able to talk to you, it's already taking me, the anointing on me now. So I will see you tomorrow night. And be God's little children. Be reverent. Go to the prayer room as soon as the service is over and the men take me out. So may God be with you, now, and bless you.

**76** Now, this is the lady that's here to be prayed for. All right. Do you believe with all your heart, lady? That's good. Now, you being my first person to pray for tonight, I just want to talk to you a minute, just to talk to you a little bit. And then in order to do that, it's to get in contact with your human spirit. Now, I know immediately, you standing there this close, you are a Christian, a believer, because your spirit's welcome. But now, if the Lord Jesus, if He was standing here with this suit on... Now, as far if you're wanting healing, I don't know. You know that. I don't have a bit more idea what you're here for, than nothing in the world. But if you're wanting healing, He couldn't heal you now, because He's already did that. But now, He might do something, or say something to you that would make your own faith accept it, wouldn't it? That's right.

**77** So now, this is again, tonight, like the woman at the well, and our Master: a man and a woman. We were probably born miles apart, years apart, never seen one another in life, and here we just come here and meet one another tonight. That's just somebody give you a prayer card, and you just happen to be one to come here on the platform. Oh, you saw me a year ago. Well, I don't know nothing about you though, do I? No. Nothing about you, right? All right. Now, the audience of this woman here, she said she saw me a year ago. Now, where, I don't know. Probably was at my other meeting or something, when I was here. It's probably she was sitting out there and saw me a year ago or something, when I was here. Was that when it was, I was here a year ago? That's what it was. But now, if Jesus has risen from the dead... Now, He knows this woman. I don't. He knows what she's here for. I don't. But if He will reveal to this woman what she's here for, and it be the truth... If He can tell what was in her life, well, if He knows what was in her life, and she knows whether that's truth or not, then He can certainly tell what will be in her life, and it'll be truth too, won't it? If He knows what was, you're a witness of that. But if He does, we'll be thankful. And how many here will say, "That settles it for me. I'll believe with all my heart"? God bless you.

**78** Now, sister, just to talk with you, just a moment. As I've said, "Us being strangers." I see you've got my book there. I hope you get some enjoyment out of reading it. You did? Sent to get it? Well, well, that's fine. Now, I'm just talking to you like our Lord said to the woman at the well, see: "Bring me a drink." He was just trying to get a conversation, see. You've got a human spirit; so have I. We're both Christians. Now, if there's something wrong, or something you're needing, or something you're wanting, your spirit knows that, so does the Holy Spirit know it. And then if God has given me a gift, them two spirits will work together, you see. Then He'll speak through me what you want, and tell you whether you get it or not, or whatever it is, and then, of course, it'll be your faith that'll do it. I couldn't do it. It's your faith that'll have to accept it. Now, if He'll do that, then you'll know. And me knowing nothing about you, you'll have to know it comes from some power, won't you? That's right. So you'll accept it to be the power of the Lord Jesus.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

```
**79** Now, the lady is perfectly conscious that something is taking place, that she is in the presence of Somebody besides a man. Between the lady and I, comes this Light. And I... She's got something wrong with her throat. It's a trouble in your throat and in your nose, is your trouble. And you're wanting to be prayed for. That's truth. If that is truth, raise your hand. Now, being a stranger to the woman... There it is. Whatever He said is the truth. Now, the more you talk to her, of course, more it would say. Now, that's just... Whatever it said to her. Now, I want to talk to her again, just to see if the Holy Spirit would say something else. I do not know, but just something... If I'm not mistaken, it told you, you're disease or what it was. But now, just see it move again, if I... Now, you just believe me as being God's servant. I'm just trying to... Yeah, I know you do, 'cause you have a wonderful spirit.

**80** Yes, I... You are... That was my meeting. You was in my meeting, and was healed. And it was of your throat that you were healed of and your nose. And now, it's got into your lungs, and that was caused from some sort of a burn, an acid burn. And you have been on a trip, and you were in a country where there was lots of ... there was something going on in a... It's spraying. A airplane was passing over, spraying stuff. That was in Texas, near Houston, and you got it in your lungs, and it's come back on you. That is true. God bless you. Your name is something like Rush or something like, Rush, that's right. Ought to be something, "A." Rush, and you live at 110 North 11th Avenue. That is true. You're going home well, sister. Your faith has made you whole. Have faith. Only believe; all things are possible. Be reverent, real reverent.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**81** Lady, you, sitting there with your hand up in the air, praying. You believing? You want to get over that head trouble, don't you? You believe that God will make you well? You do? All right. Put your hand over on the other lady there with her hand up. She's got high blood pressure, trouble with high blood pressure. The Lord Jesus makes you whole now. Go. Your faith has done it. God bless you. You're the patient, are you, lady? You believe the truth, that Jesus raised from the dead? You're conscious that something's taking place? That's the Angel of the Lord. You're suffering with a growth. It's an evil thing. That's... It's building, getting bigger. It's a developing of cells. I see them pressing the... It's in the stomach. The growth is in the stomach. You believe that He who now sees all things, and knows all things, will take it from you? Come forward for your blessing. Lord Jesus, I bless this woman and take the curse from her, before the throne of God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**82** Now, just believe, have faith. Don't doubt. Believe with all your heart. Look, lady, do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe that God sent me as His servant? Such a wonderful faith in the audience now. My, my. Oh, what could happen. A lady... Look at me, just a minute. You have cancer. That cancer is on the leg, left leg, down below the knee. That's right. You believe Jesus is going to heal you, has healed you now? God bless you. He who speaks these words [unclear words] already in His name. Have faith. Believe with all your heart, God will make you well.

**83** Seems like I've seen you somewhere, lady. I don't know. But however, you're in here for something. Not too much wrong with you; you have a growth on your wrist. You got it hid, but it don't have to be. Then you're interested in someone else, which is your mother. She has high blood pressure, doesn't she? Your husband has... He's sick too. He has arthritis and stomach trouble. Isn't that right? You believe you're going to receive what you asked for? Then you shall have it, sister, if you go believing on the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you, in Jesus' name. Only believe. Have faith in God. Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**84** Yes, the epileptic's sitting right there. That's you, brother; your faith has touched Him now. Man sitting next to you, praying there with that hernia, he wants to get healed too. Isn't that right, sir? This little lady, sitting down here, has a hernia too, sitting right in behind here. That little Mexican woman. Yeah. You want to be healed all of you? Stand up on your feet then there. Almighty God, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I condemn that enemy, that they be made well. Amen. Don't doubt. Just have faith.

**85** Are you the patient, lady? All right. Do you believe with all your heart? You, lady, look. You're conscious that something's going on. It's kind of got you just a bit upset, because you're just in His presence. But you're suffering with a nervous condition, sinus trouble. Then you have something that you're not wanting me to say, just now, it's a domestic trouble. That's right. You live here in Phoenix, don't you? Your house number is 3046 Garfield. That's right. You're going to find things different now. God bless you. How do you do, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Seems a little strange to you where you're standing now. I'm not reading your mind. You're just in His presence. You're in a dying stage. You're trouble's in your throat. You got cancer in your throat. And the reason it's making you feel a little strange, where you're standing, is being by a Protestant, for you're Catholic to begin with. That's right. You believe on the Lord Jesus now, that He will spare your life and you'll serve Him the rest of your days? Come forward. Almighty God, who raised up Jesus from the dead, spare the life of this, Thy child, as I condemn the cancer. And in the name of Jesus Christ, may it leave her. Amen.

**86** Do you believe? Do you understand English? If the Lord will tell me just what's wrong with you, you accept your healing? The diabetes that's in your body, from... You believe that Jesus Christ take the diabetes out of you? Come here. Father God, I pray that You'll heal him. May he go to Calvary now, for a blood transfusion to be made whole, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you.

**87** God grant you your request, my dear brother. Come, lady. You want to get rid of that arthritis? Walk up there to the end of the platform and say, "Jesus," and just stomp your feet down. All right. Believe with all your heart and you shall have it.

**88** Yes. Come. Do you believe Him? You got asthma to start with. Throws into your stomach, and the symptoms of it give you stomach trouble. That's right. You want to get over it? Accept Jesus as your healer. God, I condemn this demon that's tormenting, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Have faith.

**89** You want to get over that female trouble, lady? All right. Raise your hands. It'll stop draining this night. if you believe in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. All right. Come, lady. Little gray-headed mother, sitting there with colitis, sitting on... Colon trouble, sitting on the end there, praying. You believe Jesus is going to make you well, get you rid of it? All right. Then you can... Yes. You believe that Jesus healed you? If you do, you can have it. Amen. Just sitting right down below here, also the same thing: colon trouble. Believe with all your heart, you shall have it up soon. God bless you. You can have it also. Your faith healed you. Amen.

**90** You want to go eat a hamburger? Believe Jesus Christ will take that stomach trouble away from you? Look, lady, you're having spells, like nervousness. It's just the time of life you're living, all upset, everything's wrong. Nothing really wrong. You got a peptic ulcer, 'cause your stomach to sour and things; go on eat your supper. Jesus Christ makes you well. All right, come. You believe God heals you of that asthma? All right. Then you can just go right on rejoicing, saying, "Praise be to God." All right, come. What's the trouble, God, heart trouble, anything, He just heals it anyhow. Don't you believe it? Then go and be healed in Jesus Christ's name.

**91** All right. Come, lady. Oh, my. Just move, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Jesus Christ heals you, stomach trouble and everything. Go on, and eat your supper. You're healed. You believe? Strange that I said, "Stomach trouble," wasn't it? You had the same thing. Besides that, you got sinus trouble. Then you want me to pray for your daughter who's possessed with evil spirits. Isn't that right? God bless you. Go and get what you asked for. Do you believe Him with all of your heart? We won't have to have anymore come in the prayer line, if you'll believe, if you'll do what I tell you to do now. You'll stand to your feet. And in the name of Jesus Christ, I cast every devil from the presence of the people. Almighty God, break forth upon this audience now [unclear words.]
