---
Date: 1955-08-19
Title: Being led by the Holy Spirit
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 1 hour and 33 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Being led by the Holy Spirit



**1** Thank you kindly. Makes me feel so welcomed to come back. If God is willing, I'll be back. I believe that Germany is really ready for a spiritual awakening. Of all the nations I know of, I think Germany is the place. I would not have to say this now, but I mean this from my heart. I have seen many lovely nations. But, if I had any place I wanted to live, besides my own home, it would be Germany. Thank you. Thank you. [The interpreter says to Brother Branham, "That makes us feel good."] It does me too.

**2** You pray for me. Now, I go straight from here to Switzerland, then back to Chicago in U.S., then to the west coast of California, and perhaps on to Australia. And God only knows where else. I just keep going all the time. One day our great Master will say, "This is the last trip. Now, come on up and rest." I want to meet you up there. And I hope to meet you here again in Germany before He comes. And we're going to try to pray to God to let us come back, and we'll stay a little longer. This is kind of getting acquainted. And I'm so glad we got acquainted. I wish to express my feelings towards all the German people. I have never been treated better in all my life. If I would have been an angel I couldn't have had better treatment. That is the reason God is healing your sick. Did you hear them testifying of the lame, the blind? That's what God will do. Just keep loving Him. It's Him that did it.

**3** And now I want to thank all the ministers. This brother here, Brother Mueller. He has been very kind, and we appreciate him. Other ministers. The brother here from the state church. And I got to meet a group of those ministers today. Very fine men, and I love them all. See, we don't come to represent any church. We want to represent Jesus. So, now, you new converts, and you that's been healed, and those that'll be healed tonight, just think: There's people sitting here sick now, will be going out of this tent well in the next couple hours. How wonderful. People laying on stretchers I trust will be walking out with their bed on their back, going home. Many are sitting nearly ... almost dead now, will go home well.

**4** They were just telling me as I come in, last night, that a lady was called from a stretcher that had been there four years. I met a pathetic sight: a lady, her eyes pushed out. No one knew what it was. The doctors didn't even know. It was growing worse all the time. I said to her, as my heart went out to her, "Dear sister, do you believe Jesus Christ, the Son of God?" She said, "Yes." I said, "Do you believe that He sent me to pray for you?" She said, "I do." I prayed for her. And when I was praying, I seen something black going from her. Now, something has to happen. Watch them on the platform. Watch what an expression comes over them at once. It'll make the evil spirit leave. Not me, but the Holy Spirit that's here.

**5** How many here would like to see the picture of the Angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire? Let's see your hands. I will send to Brother Mueller, several copies ... several pictures. And every one of you people ... religious magazines ... you place it in your magazine so your readers can see it. When I come back, I'll bring several copies that you can have yourselves. Just a big pillar of fire, whipping and burning around and around. The same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel out of Egypt. And that's not just an ordinary picture, now. That's been through the FBI of the United States. And it was examined over and over and over. And they said, "It's truly a supernatural being." So, they have it in Washington, DC. It doesn't belong to me. The American Photography Association took the picture. Now, He's here now. And He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**6** That black thing going from the woman, I knew she was going to ... something was going to happen. It has to. And, now, whether she holds her faith or not, that'll be up to her and God. But in the presence of that divine gift, something has to happen. So, I told her, so, to give her faith, I said, (her eyes stuck way out), I said, "When you go home put a string or something around that, and then draw it up tight, then cut it off real even." That was yesterday. I said, "Tomorrow night before you come to church, take the same string and put it around it, and cut off how much it shrank, and you'll see what's happened." Here it is. That's how much it's shrank in twenty-four hours. If the lady is present, for a testimony, would you just raise up your hand wherever you are? Would you stand up? Everyone who knows her, look at the difference in her. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." That is better than an inch in less than twenty-four hours. Now, what did I tell you last night? When the life is gone out, it has to shrink. Now, sister, that'll be like that for three days and three nights. It may get worse then. Don't worry. That's a sign you're healed. Just keep giving praise to God. When I come back to Germany, come and testify. Wherever I am, I'll pay your way. You'll see what the Lord can do.

**7** I want to thank all the ministers. And I hope that this voice is going outside. I want to thank the police. And for these fine young men that helps me back and forth, I wish I could tell them "Thanks." Every night when I come in, I can't say, "Thank you," so I say, "Hallelujah!" I'm sure they understand what I mean. God bless them. And the police is so nice. Everywhere I go in the city, everybody's so kind. It's a wonderful place to be. So, thank you each one. Now, you converts, now, don't get out amongst unbelief. You go to people that believe. Now, go to some of these churches who believe in divine healing. Now, there's a group of them that's now accepted it. I was with some of them today. They're going to start fasting and praying for God to give them strength and power. Support them with your presence and prayer. Now, just don't go back to the same life. Get to one of them good spiritual churches, and join those prayer meetings, and live true to Jesus Christ. God bless you.

**8** Now, just before I read the text, I would like to explain a little more. Many has asked me today... They never had heard before how that, when anything dies... You see, brother, sister, it's a life, like a tumor. Like this lady here. See, that wasn't on her eyes a few years ago, but it's there now. You didn't have that tumor a few years ago, but it's there now. Where did it come from? The doctor says it was a germ. Well, where did the germ come from? It isn't a germ of life that belongs to you. It's a germ of death that was sent by the devil. Then, if you take the life out of it, which is the devil, then the lump just goes away. It can't operate without life. Neither can you. If you was a cancer, well, in the way of divine healing, just call your life out. Your body would be there just the same, but, by-and-by, it'll go away. Just believe. Now, notice, for instance, like death. I'll just take a few moments. There is so many things that I'd like to teach you. Now, keep the gospel true and clear by the Bible. Following these meetings like this... Listen, German friend, much fanaticism usually follows this. Don't believe it. Stay with the Bible. 'Cause Satan plays along there to strike at it. Believe it not. Stay with God.

**9** Now, one more little thing I want to teach you. Then, coming back, we have many things to talk about. Now, let's just take for instance, a growth that ... something that isn't a growth. For instance, a deaf ear. If a man is deaf... The Bible said, "When the deaf spirit went out of the man---the deaf spirit." Now, if a man's deaf, the one thing to do---the sensible thing to do---is go to your doctor. Let him examine you. He'll look all over. Well, he'll perhaps say ... tell you why you're deaf. Maybe something had slipped, and it's cutting off the energy to the nerve. Then, if he can operate and pull that slip back, it'll be energized, and you'll hear again. For instance, sometimes when the teeth is out, causes to pull down, and it makes you hard of hearing. Many things like that are natural things. But, what if the doctor says, "I don't see why you're deaf," or, "why you're dumb and can't speak," or, "why you're blind and can't see?" Now, if it's a cataract, it's a germ of life. And it's growing a body. And it's covering over the sight. But, what if it's not a cataract? What if the doctor says a nerve is dead? Well, what killed the nerve? It's not supposed to be that way. God didn't want it that way. Just so much of the nerve died. Well, why didn't all the nerves die? Just in the eye. It's because a blind spirit---spirit. Jesus called it that. No matter how old-fashioned it seems, it's still the truth. The Bible said so.

```
Mark 9:25 When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.

```
**10** Now, if there's an unseen something that the doctor can't see, neither can he feel; he can't touch it in no way, but the nerve is dead, it's a blind spirit shutting off, stopping, shutting off the energy to the eye or to the ear. Like if there was a transparent band around my hand. You can't see it, you couldn't feel it, but my hand's getting dead. Well, there's no need of putting salve out here. You've got to deal with it here. After a while if you don't move it, it'll become completely dead. You'll lose the use of it. Now, what does divine healing do? Divine healing---prayer and God, faith---cuts that loose, takes away that spirit. Then what happens? Energy begins to come in. And the person begins to see better. They might not see perfect at once. Jesus prayed for a man, and he looked up, and he begin to see men look like trees. He went back to Jesus, he prayed again, then he could see clear. It takes a little while. If you took a strap off your hand, at first, you could move it a little, but the life isn't circulating right, see. You have to let it go awhile. Same thing is by hearing, by speaking, or by seeing, or anything like that. It's deaf, dumb, and blind spirits. The Bible said so.

```
Mark 8:24 And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.

Mark 8:25 After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.

```
**11** Now, if it goes away from you... And what if you got feeling better, you get amongst unbelievers where all them unbelieving spirits are? They get on you, down in your heart, and the first thing you know, you can't hear again, or you can't see again, I've seen men that was totally blind, read this Bible---this same Bible---and come back two nights later, couldn't see how to get in the tent. Do you believe you can lose your salvation, backslide from God? So can you for healing, you see, same way. You've got to keep your faith in God. Amen. Have faith. Don't doubt and you'll get well. And associate with people who believe. And God'll bless you.

**12** Now, there's many things that I'd like to say. But, I just want to speak a little text. In just a few moments we'll start the prayer line. And while the interpreter is looking up St. Luke 2:25-30, I want to speak to you, and say this: The boys said they gave out many prayer cards. And we want to pray for all. And tonight ... tonight I'm asking ministers to help me pray for the sick. I don't want to leave you under this impression: That I'm the only person who can pray for the sick. I am not. Every minister, and every Christian that believes in God, and believes in divine healing, has just as much right to pray for the sick as I do. I don't want to leave and you looking to me. I want you to see your pastor pray for you. He's a man of God, too---and your neighbor, whoever it is. The Bible said, "Pray, one for the other." Divine healing doesn't just lay in the person. It lays in Jesus Christ. Amen.

**13** Now, read St. Luke 2 ... [The interpreter asks Brother Branham a question.] I will after this. St. Luke 2:25-30. [The interpreter reads the Scripture in German.] And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ. And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law, Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word: For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

```
Luke 2:25 And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.

Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

Luke 2:27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,

Luke 2:28 Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,

Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

Luke 2:30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

```
**14** May the Lord add His blessings to the Word. And while we bow our heads for prayer, I want to pray for the handkerchiefs---all of them. Our Heavenly Father, look down once more tonight at the closing of these wonderful meetings. And tonight, if it's Your will, we must say to each other, "Until we meet again..." O God, let Thy mercies be upon us. And these little efforts that we have put forth with joy, these seeds that we have sown, may it grow to great fields of grain, so that Germany will have a great revival. O God, take them from the grip of that shadow yonder. Put them together again under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. O God, let this great loyalty that they have be given to the Lord Jesus. Grant it, Lord. And I thank Thee for the favor that You have given me before the people. It all comes from You, Father. And I commit them to You, that You'll bless them. Bless their churches. And may there be an old-fashioned revival break out after this, that'll sweep through Germany like a great fire. And may tens of thousands be saved, great signs and wonders be done that'll simply shake Europe. Grant it, Father. Laying before me here, hundreds of letters. People are waiting for them. Now, in the Bible, they say they taken from the body of St. Paul, handkerchiefs and aprons. Evil spirits and sickness left the people. Now, Father, we know we're not St. Paul, but You're the same Jesus. And I pray, Father, that the same results will be given as I bless them in the name of Jesus Christ. And may the power of God rest upon each of these. You know them, Lord. You seen them write these letters. Watch over them, Lord, until they get to their destination. Then heal every sick person that they're laid upon. This we ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**15** For just a short speaking... This is our last night for a while. And it's just maybe a little late. We're going to try to be away in about another forty-five minutes, and have the prayer lines a-going. I aim to speak about fifteen minutes if you can bear with me that long. Our text tonight deals with Israel. My subject is: Being Led By The Holy Spirit. Men of God are led by the Holy Ghost. The Bible says, "They that are led of the Spirit of God are sons of God." How many believes in being led by the Spirit of God? Amen. Then you don't know what you're going to do. You just have to follow the Spirit.

```
Romans 8:14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

```
**16** Now, in the days of our text, Israel was under the Roman Empire. They had been captured by the Romans. Their churches had let down, got cold and formal, got away from God. And another nation come in and captured them because they'd got away from God. And they were under the rulership of the Romans. They got to a place where they begin to go after science and after education. That always kills spirituality. We need to be spiritual. Let science take care of their part. But we Christians keep ourselves spiritual before God. But now, Israel had got away. Got all educated, dressed up their priests so much different from other people. And then, the Romans come and took them. There they're under their rulership. The farthest thing in their minds is the appearing of the Messiah, though they looked for Him for four thousand years. But, they'd thought it was too far away then. Listen, friend, just when you least expect it, then God steps in, and He does something. It's time now in Germany for the same thing: the revival you've been praying for, the spiritual renewing.

**17** Now, God has never left Himself without a witness. Sometime He's come to one person. But, He's always had one person that He could put His hand on, saying, "This is My servant." And so, during this time, when the priests were busy with their regular routine, there was an old man who was very spiritual. He was a very renowned man. And he was one of the few. Oh, John the Baptist's father and mother were spiritual. And there might've been two or three more like Anna, or so forth, that were still holding on that God was supernatural. Now, watch, our very text proves it. Simeon was praying one day. And the Holy Ghost told him, said, "Simeon, you're not going to die until you see the Christ." And he was somewhere in his eighties then: a man of great standing amongst the people. But, he wasn't ashamed of his testimony. He went around telling the people that he wasn't going to die till he'd seen the Christ. Why, the people said, "The old man's crazy." People that are spiritual are always misunderstood. It is today. Accept Christ, and you'll be misunderstood. The Bible said---Jesus Himself---"All that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." Jesus promised us persecution from the outside world. Now, he went around telling people that he wasn't going to die. Why, he was practically dead then. But, he had a good reason: because the Holy Ghost said so. When the Holy Ghost says anything, the Holy Ghost keeps His promise. Do you believe that? He can't lie; He's God.

```
Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

2 Timothy 3:2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,

```
**18** Now, way back in the east country, in the Orient, there was some people looking for the coming of the Messiah. They were called magis. They were wise men. They watched the stars. Before God does anything on earth, He shows a sign in heaven before He does it on earth. Before He sends judgment, He sends an angel, and gives a message. He did in the days of Noah. Here He is in the days before Jesus, and I believe He's here now before His second coming. Believe Him, friends. So, the wise men was watching, because the Bible said, the prophet Balaam, he said, "There will come a star out of Jacob." And they were watching for that star. Now, they found it, after they'd looked for about twenty-five hundred years, generation after generation. Finally, there it appeared. And they started towards Jerusalem. And look at the trip they had: deserts, valleys, mountains. And how did they go? They never went by a compass. They didn't go in a scientific way. They followed God's direction by a sign. And they was led directly to Jesus Christ. As the star appeared for them, the Holy Ghost has appeared for you. Don't go the mechanical way, putting your name on the book, and let that settle it. Be born again; receive the Holy Spirit. It leads you to Christ. It leads you to a deep life, spirit-filled life, happy life.

```
Numbers 24:17 I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.

```
**19** I remember years ago, before I was married, there was a young lady I went out with. She said, "Billy, let us go to the show." I said, "I don't go to shows." She said, "Let's go to the dance." I said, "I don't dance." She said, "Will you smoke?" I said, "No, I don't smoke." She said, "How do you have any pleasure?" I said, "I have more pleasure in five minutes than you do in half your life." I few nights after that, I was preaching to a large audience of people. The girl was sitting in the audience. I offered Jesus to the audience. Hundreds of sinners come forward, weeping. I motioned to her. I said, "Come here. You want to know where I have pleasure? Here's my pleasure. Better than anything in the world." She went down to the altar and got saved too. See, it's the greatest thing in the world to follow the Holy Spirit to a complete surrendered life.

**20** Just recently, there was some people crying in one of my meetings. And they were asked what was the matter. I guess there were ten or twelve of them. They seen that light. And then a newspaper reporter ... or, rather, for a magazine, he said ... come to me, and he said, "I have been following you for a long time. I want to get that picture, too." He said, "Why didn't I see it?" Said, "I believe they didn't see it." "Oh, yes," I said, "it's possible they can see it and you can't." He said, "Oh, no. If my eyes are human just as much as theirs are, if they can see it, I can see it, too." I said, "Oh, no. God hides Himself from people, and reveals to others." Perhaps somebody's in a guessing now.

**21** Look at this star. How many believes that the wise men followed that star and saw it? You believe they did? I have read all kinds of history. And there never was anyone else that ever seen that light except the wise men. They kept time by the stars. Look at the hundreds of cities it passed over, and the man up in the tower watching the stars. And here come the wise men, looking at it, and the other astronomers couldn't see it. Why? The wise men were looking for it. That's the reason: They was expecting it. Are you expecting something tonight? Are you expecting to go home well? God... Then you'll do it. You get what you expect. If you come to the meeting to find something to criticize it, the devil will show you plenty. If you come for the good of it, to be saved, the Holy Spirit will speak to you. If you come expecting to be healed, the Holy Spirit will see to that. You get what you expect, so be expecting.

**22** And these wise men came over. And the star led them to Jesus. Supernatural. Some shepherds was up on the hill. Angels came down and told them. They heard the heavenly host singing. Supernatural. And the priests, the great doctors, was in the temple studying their doctrine. They didn't believe in supernatural. They didn't see anything. And they criticized the others that did see it. See what I mean? Now, notice. Now, there was, in them days... Listen. If there is a deep calls to the deep, there's got to be a deep to respond to it. David said that: "At the noise of thy waterspouts." The deep calling to the deep. In otherwise, before there's a fin on a fish's back, there has to be a water first for him to swim in, or he wouldn't have any fin. Before there was a flower to grow in the earth, there had to be a earth first, or there wouldn't be any earth ... or, any flower.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**23** Just recently, I read where a little boy eat the erasers off a pencil. He eat the pedal off of a bicycle. It was rubber. And when they took him to the clinic, they come to find out that he needed sulfur. Sulfur is in the rubber. Now, listen. If there is something in here craving for sulfur, there's got to be a sulfur first, or you'd never have the craving. Do you see what I mean? How many here believes in divine healing? All right. Thank you. That shows there's a fountain of divine healing somewhere. There's a God that has got a fountain of healing somewhere, or you'd never be here. Before you can have a hunger here, you have to have something to make that hunger. Listen. Here it is. Before there can be a creation, there has to be a Creator to create that creation. Do you see? Because you believe that there is healing, something has to put that in your heart. And if there was no healing, you would never have it in your heart. You see what I mean?

**24** So, that's the reason Simeon believed that he'd see the Christ. Now let's illustrate. It's Monday morning. Simeon is back in the temple. He's reading the book of Isaiah: "All we like sheep have gone astray." And right at the same time, way down the line, I see a little virgin come in: beautiful little lady. And, the people laughed at her. Said, "Look at her. She's not even married, and she's got a baby. Horrible." But, she knew in her heart who that baby belonged to. No matter how much people laugh at you, and say that you're crazy, you know what's in your heart if you've received the Holy Ghost. And you know where it come from, so you don't care what the people say. And here she is standing here. Now, every little ... Israel... Every little child in the Jewish people, when a baby was born, eight days, the mother had to come and have the baby circumcised. It was a covenant. And also, she must offer an offering for her purification. And a rich baby could offer a little lamb, but a poor baby offered little turtledoves. They were cheaper.

**25** Now, let's look. Probably there was two million Jews in Palestine then. Hundreds of babies was born every night. And every day there was a string of mothers waiting for the babies to be circumcised. Now, look way down that long string. There's mothers, rich, well-dressed, with their little babies in fine needlework, beautiful little clothes; and they're leading a lamb, going up for their offering. But, along the row, I see a little virgin. She can't afford a lamb, so she's got two little turtledoves. The baby is not wrapped in fine needle cloth; it's in swaddling cloth. What is swaddling cloth? It's what they take off the back of a yoke of a ox, and wrapped the baby in it. Think of it. The King of heaven, the ruler of heavens and earth didn't have clothes to put on when He was born. Don't be ashamed that you're poor. But she was standing there. The women keeping their distance. "I don't want around her." She was misunderstood. And so is Christians today. But she knew who that baby belonged to. And there was Jesus in the temple the first time, the Son of God.

```
Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

```
**26** There over in the corner in a little prayer room sits old Simeon with a promise that he would see Him. Now, they didn't send news then like they do now. They didn't have ways of sending news: radios, and television, press. They just had from lip to ear. But the Holy Ghost was there. And Simeon was reading. And all at once, the Holy Ghost said, "Simeon, stand up." "Where must I go, Lord?" "Just keep walking." Walking in the Spirit. Oh hallelujah! What a way. Sons of God led by the Spirit of God. Don't know where he's going. Don't make any difference anyhow. God is leading. Here he comes out. Goes over to this line of women. Starts walking down. And he comes to that little virgin, about seventeen years old, married to a man about forty-five years old. She's holding the baby wrapped in swaddling cloth. Old Simeon, the tears running down his cheeks, running off his white beard. He reached over in her arms, picked up the baby, pulled it up in his bosom. Said, "Lord, let Thy servant depart in peace, according to Thy Word, for my eyes see Your salvation." Hallelujah! Led by the Holy Spirit.

```
Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

Luke 2:30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

Romans 8:14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

```
**27** And the same Holy Spirit (There's no two Holy Spirits.), the same Holy Spirit created in Simeon a faith that believed that He'd see the Son of God. And when the Son of God was there, the Holy Spirit was under bondage, guilty before God to lead Simeon to what He had promised him. And that same Holy Ghost has led you across Germany, here tonight, because you believe in divine healing. He's the same Holy Ghost. Heavens and earth will pass away, but God's Word'll never fail." Amen. Now you're at the fountain. Embrace Him. Take Him as your Saviour. Take Him as your lover. Take Him as your healer. Do like Simeon. May your strong arms of faith embrace Him tonight, and every promise He's given. For it's yours by promise. Amen.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**28** Now, for the outsiders that hasn't been to a meeting before: Jesus Christ, He is alive today, once more. Never let this leave your mind. Remember, Jesus has risen from the dead. Some people act like it was a history. It's a living reality. Signs and wonders, great things, that's never been known on the earth since the days of the apostles is happening where? Right here, now. Wake up your conscience. Wake up your soul. He's here. Germany, it's your time. It's your hour of visitation. Go to church, love God, pray, stop sinning. Give your love to Him. Hold your loyalty; give it to Him. It's your hour. Believe it.

**29** Now, I am just His poor, humble servant. I appreciate your love for me. But, if you hate me, love Him. I'm just a man. I've got to die some day. I've got to stand in His presence. But, He's immortal. You can see me, but you can't see Him. But, if I'm His servant, he said, "This'll be a sign. The same things that I do, My servants will do. I'll be with you to the end of the world." We're in the last days. The end is near. The second coming of Christ is at hand. That's the reason you're seeing what you are. It hasn't been on the earth for two thousand years. But He promised, just before His coming, that this would take place. It's here. Believe it.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**30** Now, He come. He didn't claim to be a great healer. He said, "I don't heal nobody. It's the Father in Me. He does the works." Now, listen what He said. He passed by a lot of cripples and blind people at the pool of Bethesda. He didn't heal any. He went over to a man laying on a little bed, and He healed him and walked away. The Jews questioned Him. You'd question Him too. Listen to what He said: "Verily, verily I say unto you, I can do nothing in Myself, but what the Father shows Me (by vision), that I do. The Father worketh, and I worketh hitherto." Now, here's what the Father showed Him. A woman touched Him one day, and went out in the audience. He said, "I got weak. Somebody touched me." Everybody said, "Not me." But, Jesus looked down, and He told the little woman, "Your faith has healed you." One time He talked to a woman at a well. And He told her what kind of a life she was living (St. John 4). The other place was St. John 5. And so, this woman said, "Well, now, I know when Messiah comes, which is the Christ, He'll be able to tell us these things. But, who are You?" Jesus said, "I am He."

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**31** Now, if Jesus has raised from the dead, and in His days here on earth, He didn't do nothing but what the Father showed Him... So, He would stand in the audience and would know what they were doing. He knowed where coins was at in the fish's mouth. He knowed the name of the people; and other great signs. Now, Jesus said, when He was going to die, He said, "A little while and the world will see Me no more. Yet, you shall see Me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Now, I want to ask this one more time. Last night, I guess you wondered the strange things. I act strange, anyhow. My wife, before she died years and years ago, (Billy's mother)... Someone said, "I can't understand Brother Branham." She said, "Neither can I. Even his mother can't." I don't understand myself. I must do what He says. Then I'm a servant of His. You're led by the Spirit.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**32** Oh, you lovely group. Wish I could just tell you some things. I can't; I haven't time. But, I want you to believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ is here. Now, if He comes to this platform here, and does the same things that He did when He was here on earth, will you believe that He is risen from the dead, accept Him as your Saviour and your healer? Now, that's outside and inside. Will you do it? Raise your hand to Him. He'll see you. No matter where you're at, He sees you. God bless you. There's many thousand people here tonight. I was told a while ago that they're so packed around on the outside, just as far as you can see. So, wherever you're at out there, Jesus loves you, and He wants you to serve Him.

**33** Now, I'm going to call a prayer line. Pardon me. I was going to tell you something else. Last night, when I started to call the prayer line, I felt right back to my right side, back on this side, a group of people, and they was kind of scattered all over, was thinking that it was mental telepathy. So, I thought I would just not call the prayer line. And I asked them to raise up their hands who did not have prayer cards. And just look what the Lord did. It never failed one time, and it never will fail. It's the Lord Jesus. Amen. It's hard. In America I don't have to do that, 'cause they can understand. But, when I go to speak, and it has to go through the translator, it's a horrible barrier, because I'm conscience of him speaking behind me. And I can't submit myself to the vision like it should be. So, that's the reason I nearly have to have the person before me, unless the people are praying with all their hearts.

**34** Now, what was that prayer card number? There's a hundred prayer cards out. We want to pray for every one of them. So, we'll have to start... Let's start with number 1. C, C number 1. Look at your prayer card. Look along here. If you have one down here, and they can't get up, when your number's called, well, the ushers will bring you up; or just let you lay where you are, and I'll start [Gap in the audio] . Let everybody sit real quiet. Now, how many doesn't have prayer cards? Raise up your hand, that's sick. Raise up your hand. Do you believe, no matter where you're at in the building, where you are outside? Just look. When one is being healed here, there can be a thousand healed out there. It's your faith in God. Just believe now.

**35** I've noticed many along here that's sick and sitting in these chairs and cots, stretchers. Have faith. Believe God with all your heart. Watch. I want to ask you something. You who's been here all through the services, I want to ask you something. Has God proved that I have told you the truth? If it is, say, "Amen." [Brother Branham speaks aside, "All right. I think that'll be enough now."] Now, don't no one move. Just sit real still, be in worship. And each one of you say to Christ, "I want you to touch me, Lord. And if You'll just tell to my heart that I'm going to be well, then I'll serve You all my life." And then you can go home and get well. Now, just be in worship. And if You can watch this way of whatever I say, now, do just as I tell you, for it isn't me. When the anointing strikes me, I don't even know until my brethren play a tape and tell me what I said. So, you see, it's so timid, the Holy Spirit. Just the least little thing grieves it. Be real ... be real reverent, and Jesus will come to you. If you're all excited, He can't come to you. Be reverent, and believe.

**36** Now, if one person is ministered to here on the platform, that is God's attitude towards every person around. Now, let us bow our heads. Our Heavenly Father, I pray that You'll help us tonight, and bless us, and let Thy Spirit be upon us, and keep Thy hand upon us. And, Lord Jesus, please, once more, tonight, show that You've raised from the dead. Do something a little different tonight, and let the people see that I have told the truth about You. Oh, grant it, Lord. May every sinner be saved, and all the sick be made well, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**37** Now, would all the... Billy, did all ... everybody's in line? All right. Did... That number four, or five, or something was missing. Did they get in the line? Everybody's in line. All right. All right. Now, Brother Arganbright, I wonder if you'd come and help me. See if this is the lady, the patient, would you? Then you lead them off for me, if you will as they come. Now, just stand right here, lady. And you can stand on this side to help, Brother Arganbright. Brother Guggenbuhl, or Billy, one, gets there, you see. I'm missing them, see. Everything has to be almost in order, or you miss it.

**38** Now, the lady here, I have never seen her in my life. God knows that. I have never seen her. But, God has seen her, and knew her before she was born. She herself is a believer. Do you know how I know that? Her spirit feels welcome. She is aware now that where she's standing, that she's standing in the presence of something supernatural. I wish the audience could see this with their natural eyes. This is one of your sisters, a German woman. And, see if she doesn't testify this to be truth. A real sweet, humble spirit is around her. Isn't that right? If it is, raise up your hand. Between me and the lady is the Holy Spirit. It looks like a light to me. And the lady is a Christian, because her spirit's real welcome. This is a very simple picture, and a direct picture, just like the Lord Jesus when He talked to a woman. She's a woman, and I a man. This is our first time to meet in life, like Jesus met the women. He talked to her a little while till He seen where her trouble was. Then He told her what was wrong with her. And she said, "I perceive that You're a prophet. And I know that Christ will do this when He comes." And He said, "I am He."

```
John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

```
**39** Now, my sister, it's the same picture again. Now, if Jesus will reveal to me what's your trouble... And I can't even speak your language. But, if He'll speak to me what your trouble is, will you believe like that woman that it is Christ? Will the audience believe the same? Say, "Amen." The lady be the judge. The lady, if you... You have had much trouble. You have been real nervous, extremely nervous. I see you can't hold things. And you get times you have to sit down. And you've got a trouble that's in your back. It's your liver, on the right side, in the back. And it causes you to be upset. I see a hospital. In the hospital I see her going in. And she is under an operation, but it isn't for the liver. It's for the female gland. Doctors operate for female gland. "Thus saith the Holy Spirit." Was that truth? If it is, wave your hand. That was not me. That was the Holy Spirit just using my voice. Now do you believe? Jesus raised from the dead. Your faith has healed you, sister. Return to your home, for you're going to be well. I want to ask you something. While that was going on, something went through you. Just something that seemed to tell you, "This is the end of my trouble." That is right. If that's right, raise your hand, and wave. God bless you. Praise the Lord.

**40** All right. Would you ... Where's... There? Now, everyone inside and out, that's God's attitude towards you. God will grant to you the same thing that He did to that person, whoever it was. Now, you in the audience, just believe. Have faith, and God will grant it. Jesus said, "I can if ye believe." His mercy rest upon you. The elderly lady looking at me, she has a blood disease, sitting right down there. Do you believe that God heals you, sister? Do you believe that God heals you? You may be made well then. You were praying to God to help you. The lady with the glasses on with her hand up, you were praying. And I felt your faith pulling. And it went right to you. Amen.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**41** The man is strange to me. I do not know him, but Jesus knows him. And now He's here, or either I'm a false witness of Jesus Christ. But you be the judge. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe Jesus to be the Son of God? I be His servant? You're here for some cause. I do not know. God does know. If He will let me know, it'll be only for His glory, so that you and the rest of the people will know that I have told the truth. And His Bible is true, that He raised from the dead, and lives today, and doing the same things that He did then. Do you believe that? You're not here for yourself. You're here for somebody else. And that person is not here. The person's in another city, and it's a great city. I have never seen the city myself. I see great roads going in, many people going around. It's in Germany, but from where I stand now, it looks to me, geographically, like it must be Berlin. It is a lady, and she is in bed. And that's why she could not come. I see her ... someone looking at her. I hear what the doctor is saying, but I can't say what he's saying. The woman, what it looks to me, the way that it's striking in her back, it must be multiple sclerosis. Dost thou believe? Do you believe? Have faith enough now, that when you see her, she'll be healed? I bless you, my brother, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ may you receive that what you've asked for. Amen

**42** Let us have faith. The lady before me, I know her not. She seems to be dressed a little odd. Of course, I'm not accustomed to your dressings here. And, I don't ... but the Lord knows you. And He's the only one that can help you. You are suffering with a bladder condition. It's under a glass or something, shows that it is a gall bladder. You've got a stone in the gall bladder. And I see you at a hospital. And you're not a patient, but you're a nurse. You're working in a hospital. That's your ... you're wearing... Your dress is the way you dress as a nurse. Do you believe Jesus makes you well? Would you come here? O God, Father, You're so present, to do these wonderful things for us. May Thy Spirit come and help now, and bless this woman, who I bless in Your name. And may she be made well in Jesus' name. Amen. Have faith in God. And don't doubt, but believe. The elderly lady... There stands that light by the woman sitting right here, in the front row, about four in, she has high blood pressure. If you believe with all your heart, you may be made well. Amen. God bless you.

**43** Do you believe with all your heart? You want to get over a nervous condition. And, you have such a nervous condition, that it makes poor circulation. Your hands go numb, and your feet; and extremely nervous. And then you can't sleep at night. I see you lying in the bed. And you keep raising up, looking for time, looking towards your window, very nervous. Amen. That is true. Only God can heal you. Would you come near while I ask Him? Our Heavenly Father, bless this woman who I bless in Thy name. And may Thy Spirit come upon her. And I rebuke the evil spirit, and say to him, "Leave this woman, in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. Now, you're quietened. It's left you. You feel quiet now. That's right, isn't it? If it is, raise you hand. It will always stay from you if you just keep on believing. When you come up, a person was even trying to hold you back, when you come up there. That is right, isn't it? Wave your hand. It was the devil. He didn't want you to get here, for he knowed Jesus was here and he knew he'd have to leave. And you're the witness yourself. Now go home and sleep like a baby. Amen.

**44** Just be reverent. Don't doubt and God will make well. Do you think God would heal you of that back trouble? And believe that God will make you well? If you do, rise up. That's it. Your faith heals you. Amen. You see what I mean? You don't need prayer cards. You need faith. Amen. The man, I don't know him. God knows him, and I know him not. We are strangers, aren't we, brother? If Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of God, who we're in the presence of now will show what's your trouble, will you believe with all your heart? If you will, raise up your hand. Now, friends, the Holy Spirit knows everyone in here. There's not a thing can stay from Him. We could just keep on coming down the line, but I want it settled. You either believe now, or you do not believe. That is true. Do you believe that?

**45** The elderly lady sitting about three in, front row, she has back trouble and nervous. Do you believe Jesus makes you well? If you do, you can receive your healing. I see a black spirit, very horrible-looking. It's looking this... Just a moment. It's epilepsy. The lady with a white ... yeah. Amen. There's one right down here, too. Epilepsy. Right there on the cot, on the cot. Raise up, little lady. The lady with the white dress on, rise up. O God, I cast away these evil spirits from the people. Come out. Amen. Don't doubt. Believe. You can have what you asked for. Amen. Have faith. It's your faith that does it. It's your faith pulling the gift of God. It isn't me. I know nothing of you. I would go to each one of you, but I can't. It's your faith. Your faith is doing it. Have faith in God. Now, sitting right here, right in that other section over there, looking right at me, there's a light hanging there; there, they have a heart trouble and nervousness. The lady sitting on the end. All right. Right back there, holding her hands like this. You have nervousness and you was praying for me to call you. Amen. Be well.

**46** Excuse me. I have to follow the leading of the Holy Spirit. You believe you're in His presence? His presence, God's presence? Then He knows you, I do not. But will this audience, with one accord, in your heart, will accept Jesus there for your healer, if God will bring to pass what this man's here for? Will you do it now? Say, "Amen." This is only for God's glory. I see the man holding his head. He has headaches, severely. It was caused from being shot, was shot in the head. That is true. And there is someone with you, here now, that is sick. It's a woman. It's your wife and her sickness is in her back, back trouble. And there's another woman that's here. And it's an elderly woman than you, and it is your mother-in-law; and her trouble's in her feet. That is right. Do you believe Jesus Christ make you well? Then it'll cease and go and you shall have what you've asked for. Dear God, be merciful on this man and give him everything he desires, according to Thy riches in glory, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believest. Way down there, right through here, lady there, suffering with TB. If you believe with all your heart ... way back, that's the lady, there you are. God heals you. Go home and be well. Amen.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**47** Only believe, all things are possible. All right. Oh, it's a blind girl. I want every one to bow their heads. Don't raise your head until we ask you to. The gate of the soul is the eye. This is somebody's little girl. If I had power to heal her I would do it, but I haven't power, only God has. She has a blind spirit. Only God can take this off of her. I want you to pray and believe with all your heart. Now, of course, there's [unclear word] . That's the reason I ask the inside and out for mercy's sake. Let me have this little girl by myself just for a few moments. If God would give her sight, I would tell you. I only can ask Him. Now keep your head bowed and be praying. Dear God, as I hold this darling little blind girl up against my body, I'm thinking tonight, away across the sea of my little Rebekah, crying when I left. Did you send me, Lord, for this little girl? Here, unworthy. Thou art worthy. O God, let this little child receive her sight. Grant it, Lord. Be merciful. This is beyond man. A blind spirit has blinded her eyes. Thou can give her sight. Make him go tonight, Lord. Grant it, Lord, for Your glory, through Jesus' name. Now keep your head down. Satan, you blind spirit, you're not afraid of me, but you know you have to obey Jesus. I come in His name, the name of Jesus Christ, who died at Calvary. [Unclear words] and as His servant. [Unclear words] in faith. You have no legal right. Your right was took from you at Calvary. Christ holds all rights. Now, I say in His name, you come out of the girl in the name of Jesus Christ. And don't you hold her any longer, for God's glory and the praise of Jesus Christ. [Brother Branham speaks aside to the girl.] Raise you head. Jesus has restored sight in [unclear words] . Now look at me. Now put your hand on my nose. Put your hand over on my nose. You're healed.
