---
Date: 1955-10-07
Title: The power of decision
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 41 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The power of decision



**1** All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe. Shall we bow our heads just a moment. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for the love of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. How that Jesus came to the world and died for we sinners, and rose again the third day according to the Scriptures, and sitting at the right hand of His Majesty tonight, ever making ... living to make intercessions upon our confession. And tonight we confess all of our sins, trespasses, the sin of transgression, the sin of omission, whatever it might have been that we've done, said, or thought, that was displeasing to our heavenly Father, we now humbly come to the Lord Jesus and ask that His blood atone for our sins. We didn't mean to do it, Lord. Forgive us. You know our hearts.

```
Hebrews 7:25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

```
**2** And we pray that You'll sanctify every person in here tonight with Thy holy presence. And may Thy great august presence baptize every one with the Holy Spirit. And may great signs and wonders be wrought for the glory of God. Through doing this may the sinner man and woman, the alien away from God, may they come and sweetly and humbly bow at the foot of the cross and give their lives to Him who died for this purpose. For we ask it in His name. Amen. You be seated.

**3** So very happy to be back tonight in the Lane Tech High School here, almost on the eve of the closing of our convention and revival. So thankful for what the Lord has done for us: exceedingly, abundantly, more than we asked Him, He has already done. And now, each evening I have been promising you, since I come, that one night we just have a prayer line, just to pray for the sick. And if God being willing, we do that tonight. And I had Brother Moore, and Brother Brown, and those who used to help me in the early days when we started out just praying for the sick, they're standing just behind the curtain waiting for the time. I said, "No matter... If I start on that discernment, you come on out to the platform, call the people anyhow, 'cause I promised them to pray for them." I'm sure that we'll see our Lord do great things tonight if we do that.

```
Ephesians 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

```
**4** I'm not a theologian; you know that. I haven't the education to be. There's only one thing I do know, that I'm saved by the grace of God. And I know I love Him with all my heart. And I know He raised from the dead, because I'm one of His witnesses of that: that He has risen from the dead, and is alive tonight, and alive for evermore. And I was talking to some of my associates, the manager, Mr. Moore and them, today as we were down this af... this morning, rather, visiting the aquarium and around. Being that I know I didn't have to have that discernment tonight, why, I just let myself loose for a good time and eat a steak for supper. So... I don't eat coming to the meetings like this. You see, you have to be right at your best (see), that the blood will not be in the stomach, but be at the brain. So there's just that every little alert of the Holy Spirit, you be ready to catch it. 'Cause the devil is a mighty shrewd fellow, and you must be at your best for the Lord Jesus.

**5** And so we were talking this morning, and they said, "Isn't it good for you to relax and get out?" I said, "Oh, my, this is marvelous." And we met a little brother from down in "Georgia," that we had a meeting with down there, Brother Palmer, very fine little fellow, met him and some more ministers in the aquarium down there this morning, and so thankful. I thought I was going to get put out again when I come over to the museum. My, my righteous indignation just rises when I get in there. A man, twenty-five million years ago. Where was Adam and Eve at that time, then? That's just nonsense; that's the devil, absolutely. I said, "I'd just get up yonder, and take me a text, and tell them to come at the Lane Tech tonight; we'll straighten that out. That stuff's wrong.

**6** It's a shame that our kiddies has to pass through and see such tommyrot as that. That's absolutely a lie; there's not one bit of it the truth. Man wasn't on this earth till six thousand years ago when God made the first man Adam and Eve. That's right. There is no such a thing as that stuff: you come out of a frog, or some kind of a monkey, or something like that. That's a lie, and not a word of that true. That's against God... That's the devil in the last days. Just like I've been teaching, before Moses, why ... before Cain, when God was going to bring the righteous seed through Cain [Abel] . See how the devil worked to cut it off? In the days of Moses he drowned all the children in order to catch that elected one of God coming forth.

```
Exodus 1:22 And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.

```
**7** In the days of Christ, why, he had all the children killed, from two years old, back, trying to stop it. And that's one of the devil's tricks today to break faith from the young generation with such nonsense as that. Darwin: no, sir, I don't believe one of his ethics. It's every one's wrong. I'd like to took William Jenning Bryant's place on that for a little bit. Well, he's wrong, absolutely wrong. If he's right, then God's wrong. So this is the truth, right here, the truth. Last time I was down there they put me out, 'cause they had a good crowd down there. And I sure got me a good text, and I sure went to work on it. So, so, I just don't believe... If anything's right, it's right; if it's wrong, it's wrong. And that thing's a curse to the nation. I don't believe there was such a thing, and I don't believe the human ever sprung from any sponge, or monkey, or whatever it was. It come... God made man in His own image, and that settles it. That's all.

```
Matthew 2:16 Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently inquired of the wise men.

```
**8** Isn't it funny how all those fiction stories get started? And people believe it? Yes sir. Truth is more stranger than fiction, isn't it? That's right. Here not long ago I was over in Switzerland, and I was taught into my schoolbooks that William Tell shot the apple off of his boy's head. You've read the story. When I come over there, that's a lie; it never was done. There's no such a thing to declare it in history over there. It's a fiction story.

**9** I went to a certain church one time in France, Brother Moore and I. And we was going up, and the guide was telling us all about, this church, and had the picture of the Huguenots there; them are our brothers. They had the Holy Ghost, done signs and miracles. Where they massacred them in the streets... And then we started up the hill. Went way up the hill and we got pretty close to a church, "shhh." Oh, it'd be a mortal sin to talk loud, way up on top of the hill. And they went to giving the story about it. Some man, a few hundred years ago, supposed to be a saint, got in a fight down there somehow and got his head cut off. So he just decided that he didn't want to die there, so he just picks up his head, and puts it under his arm, and walks five miles up the hill nearly, and died up there so they could build a church up there. And you expect common civilized people to believe such tommyrot as that. Humph. I said right out loud... It's a wonder they didn't throw me out. I said, "That's only by faith, isn't it?" I want to tell you right now, my faith's too weak for that. I don't believe that, no, sir. Oh, no, see.

**10** I just believe the Bible, and that settles it. What the Bible says is the truth, and that's just all there is to it. This is what I live by. I want to die by it. And the rest of them that died by it went to heaven by it, so that's where I want to go. And so, we just stay right with this old story. He's wonderful, isn't He? And now tonight, just going to speak just for a little bit, just carry on our story that we've been into of the exodus of the children of Israel. And then we're going quickly then to bring the people that has prayer cards to the platform and pray for each one of them. And I believe that God will heal.

**11** How many in here loves me? Just let's see your hands. I want to test something. Thank you. I love you, too, (see) all my heart. I want to ask you something. I've always shunned the very thought of anything belonging to human beings, or anything about a human being that would be anything divinely or... And I've shunned that, because you have to watch, you see? Just the least little thing, then they get something started and it goes off into a 'ism.' I've tried to keep that as clear and clean as I possible could in the humble ministry the Lord has given me. But I wonder, here's what's been spurring my faith on and on. I remember here at Zion City and many other places... I've watched not only the people coming to be prayed for, but I've watched closely what the Angel of the Lord said to me, see. And when I was... First He spoke to me, really I would've never noticed; I'd never studied anything on divine healing or anything in the Bible. But He said, "You were born to pray for sick people: take a gift of divine healing." Brother Baxter called my attention one time, he said, "Brother Branham, carry that message reverently; do just what He told you to do." Then He told me... I told Him that they wouldn't believe me, then He told me these other things.

**12** Well, the people... I have give the sign instead of praying for the sick. And I've noticed along that how the Holy Spirit... Do you know, there's some things that we have to do that God cannot do until we do it? Do you know that? The ministry... Look, we are the branches; He is the vine. But the vine can't bear fruit; it's the branches that bear fruit. Is that right? Now, He furnishes the energy, but we got to do the job. You get what I mean? The Holy Spirit's here tonight, as you see Him each night. He knows you, but the only way He speaks is through us. Is that right? Our hands are His hands; our eyes are His eyes. And now, we notice that He gives us things. Now, there Jesus was standing one day, looking upon the harvest... Do you believe He was the Lord of the harvest? And He looked out upon the harvest and said, "You pray the Lord of the harvest, that He will send laborers into His harvest, because the harvest is ripe and laborers are few." In other words, "You ask Me to do what I know that's got ... ought to be done." He could not do it till they asked Him to do it.

```
Matthew 9:38 Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.

Luke 10:2 Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.

```
**13** I never will forget, here not long ago. The person may be sitting present tonight. I remember, I was down here in Zion City. Is anybody here was in the last Zion meeting, in Zion City? All right, you probably remember this. One night, as customary, Billy Paul and Brother Baxter, they'd go down, and along three o'clock in the evening when I'm going to have kind of ... the service of discernment, I'd just go in. Wife and them was with me; they was in another room in the motel. We was out several miles from the city. And I was in this motel, and I just ... I just couldn't go to church that night. I was so burdened, I just couldn't move. Now, that's happened hundreds of times, but just telling this time.

**14** Then, I remember I just couldn't go. Well, they come back after me, said ... knocked on the door, and I didn't go out. And Billy, he went out and, drinking a coke, come knocked on the door again, and I didn't go. And so he shook the door and said, "Daddy." And I was weeping; I just couldn't help it. My heart was breaking. I said, "Billy, you go tell Brother Baxter that I'm not coming tonight, Just go ahead and preach, sing songs, and I will be there tomorrow night." He said, "What's the matter, Daddy?" And I said, "Just go do as you're told." So he turned away, and went out there, and sat down again, and got another coke. And I went down, and knelt down in the chair, and I said, (by the chair), and I said, "Oh, God, have mercy, what can I do?" I said, "What have I done? Is there something wrong somewhere?"

**15** And I heard somebody talking right out the door. Sound like it was talking like German or something, oh, just chattering away. And I raised up, and I thought, Where is that person? Who is that? There's nobody here that I know of. Sounded like it was right by my side at the door. Well, I raised up, relieved, and started to cross to the door, and before I got there, I found out it was me doing the talking. I, just so yielded. Well, I just kind of, what we call, hunkered down on the floor, just kind of knelt down there just a little bit; it quit talking. And when it stopped talking... Now I never did speak in tongues, over about once in my life as I ever knowed of. But it was talking in some language; I didn't know what it was. And so I just sat real still. And when it left me, I felt like I could run through a troop and leap over a wall. I never felt so good in my life.

**16** And I went to the door and looked around, and Billy was just driving away. And I hollered at him; I said, "Just a minute." And he come back to the door and said, "Daddy, what's the matter with you? What you crying about?" I said, "I'll be ready just in a minute." I washed my face real quick, and got in the car, went down. He never said nothing going down. We got in. Brother Baxter was standing at the piano singing, "Down From His Glory." We walked in and I begin to minister a little bit, begin to start talking. And I heard a testimony back there, and I didn't know what it was, and they brought me the testimony. And there'd been a woman who had lived over here near Twin City that had tuberculosis, and been in bed for years, was having hemorrhages. The doctor told her about four months before that, if she ever had another hemorrhage it would be done.

**17** And so the ambulance wouldn't take a chance of bringing her. Some of the saints had fixed her car up in the back, and fixed her a place so she could just lay back, and they was going to bring her over. She'd read my book. And on the road over, coming over, getting late in the evening, she was riding along and the jolting of the car, away went a big gush of blood. And she just started just bleeding right out like that, she got lower and lower. Well, she didn't want to die in the car, so they stopped the car and laid her out on the grass, flat. And all the saints was standing around over her a praying like that. And all at once the blood stopped, and she jumped up and run down the road, run back and forth. She didn't know what had happened, just perfectly normal. And she come in back there testifying. And I checked it, and at the very same time that woman was dying, that was the same time that was speaking through me: The Holy Ghost making intercession for that woman that was dying.

**18** Oh, see what I mean? The Holy Ghost. Remember the story about the opossum last night? Praying for the sick---how it has an affect. Prayer of faith shall save the sick. And many times through vision, He'd come and have me to pray for people. And that's the reason I think by not giving the people a chance to come through, be prayed for, well, it hindered a whole lot. And so I'm going to try to start doing that, if I have to give certain nights in the meeting for that purpose. Now, the Lord bless you real good, and be in prayer. And we're going to read just a little bit of God's Word here, for we know that His Word won't fail. Mine will, yours will, but... We can make appointments and promises that we hope to keep, but sometimes we can't keep them. But He never makes a promise unless He can fulfill it. And He will always fulfill His Word.

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**19** Now over in Numbers the 13th chapter and the 30th verse we read this: And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it. May the Lord add His blessings to His Word now. Last evening, and the last two evenings, we've been teaching, just a little short session, of the book of Exodus---the calling out of the people of God---because we believe it's essential in this day. I remember here a few years ago, I was a year and six months in my church, teaching the book of Exodus. And I was two years one time on Job. And I remember, I had Job on the ash heap for about four weeks. Every Sunday, Job on the ash heap. Such a beautiful story: God dealing with His saint. And how that we get in those places, in distress, and don't know where to turn. And I was working for a climax. One dear sister, bless her heart, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, said, "Brother Branham, I enjoy every minute, but when are you going to get Job off the ash heap?" Oh, my. Well, God brought him off all right with a victory.

```
Numbers 13:30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.

```
**20** Now, I love those old nuggets, don't you? And I tell you, we certainly done some prospecting one year in this book of Exodus, digging all them jewels up and shine them. We found out that every jewel in that book of Exodus was just a piece off of the chief cornerstone, pointed to the Lord Jesus. Oh, and in Him dwells the fullness of all the Godhead bodily. All our redemption, all our salvation, all our joy, peace, everything, all our healing, all that we have need of, rests in Jesus Christ, right there, that in Him we can all be blessed together. Notice, how we thought first that ... took the subject of this book of Exodus, we find three principle powers: The power Of Satan (l); The power Of faith (2); and The power Of God (3). And we found out that Satan begin to display his power always first. Watch little things when they boil up and start at first. You know mushrooms grow up over night and die the next day. Takes a long time for an old oak to come, but he's really rooted and grounded when he gets there.

```
Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**21** So the devil usually starts that little flare, but watch it. He tries to cut off the move of God. Every time he'll do that. And he's still the same devil, uses the same techniques that he did in the old days, he still uses them today. If we could only read the Old Testament, then we'd learn the tactics of the devil, how that he does. So we found out that his power... He had power, and that power was death. But he had no power beyond that. Just death ends his power. Then beyond death, faith sees the God of resurrection. Faith. After the devil's end of the power of death, then he's finished; the devil can do no more.

**22** But after death, faith sees the resurrection, a God of resurrection. That's the power of faith to believe. When he asks ... standing over behind the dark cloud that you can't see with your natural eyes, but faith standing by you directs you to that God of resurrection, and a God of all wisdom, Who has ordained our path, He's standing just behind every trial. Oh, I love it, don't you? To know that Peter said that every trial is worth more to us than gold. For it's working. "Every son that cometh to God must first be tried, scourged, chastised." And if you get a little heartache after you get borned again, a little trial that upsets you somewhere, and you run back into the world again, it shows you wasn't a child to begin with. You become a illegitimate child and not a child of God. If a man once anchors his heart against the heart of Calvary, all devils in hell will never shake him no more; he's there. Notice, for he that cannot stand chastisement is a illegitimate child. He claims God to be his Father when He's not, just tossed about by every wind of doctrine, not stable, and don't know where you're going, double minded, and a lot of times double tongued, and don't know where you're standing or what you're talking about. Then a man that's born again of the Spirit of God knows exactly where he's at. That's right. Nothing fazes him, because something inside of him has already witnessed Somebody outside the cloud yonder. And by faith he sees Him.

```
Hebrews 12:6 For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.

```
**23** Then we see they brought ... how that faith confounded Pharaoh, how that Pharaoh raised up Joseph right in the castle, fed him, and give him the best, and made a good strong man out of him; he lived a hundred and twenty years. And the devil raising up the child of God to do the work of God. How God pulled the wool over his eyes that time. 'Cause He's God. Then we find out that the children of Israel... We left them last night, coming out of a trap. And tonight we're going to take "The Power Of Decision." Last night was "The Power Of God," how that they were led into this trap, no way at all to ever get through it: dark, there laid the Red Sea in front of them; here was the mountains on either side and Pharaoh's army coming, thousands times thousands of armored men come chasing right up. Looked like God led them right into the trap. You know, we find out that God sometime leads us right into a great thing, and then to show His power and His glory to deliver us. And when Moses called to God, God said, "Stand still, and see the salvation of God." My, isn't that an encouragement? "Stand still."

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**24** Then we find out that He told him to take the staff in his hand, and raise his hands, and go forward. And as the pillar of fire that was leading them, the great Shekinah glory that was before them in a form of a halo ... or, a pillar of fire going before them, turned and went back behind them. And to the Egyptians coming, it become darkness, but it give Israel light. And the very plan of salvation of God, when a man shuts up his heart against God's plan, he becomes in darkness. Did you know that? God has a way; it's past finding out. But when a man rejects light, there's nothing else but darkness. Same way it is now, sinner friend of mine tonight, when you spurn love, you must stand judgment. No way out of it. God gives you love first, offers it to you. But if you spurn it, there's nothing left but judgment. So accept it tonight: the love of God.

**25** So if you notice, this great full ... host of Pharaoh who had seen the supernatural done, and they disbelieved it... They shut up their compassion to it. They rejected it. And they started out to even slay the ones that God was working with: a beautiful type of what's going to happen here in America one of these days. That's right. The very program, that for years they've tried to tag them with all kinds of things, and call them crazy, holy-rollers, all kinds of names; they shut up their lights to them. But thanks be to God, the great pillar of fire is leading His church right on. "Let them alone," Jesus said, "if they be blind leading the blind, won't they fall in the ditch?"

```
Matthew 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

```
**26** The same light that made a path for Israel to walk in, blinded the eyes of Pharaoh. The very same waters of judgment that drowned the whole world, saved Noah the preacher of righteousness. The very Holy Ghost that you laugh at and make fun of, and power of divine healing, will take the church in the rapture someday and leave you here to go through the judgments. Amen. Think of it. What a day it'll be when you spurn mercy. Jesus said, "They'll say, 'Give us some of your oil.'" Say, "Go buy." And while they were gone, trying to pray through, the Bridegroom come. And there was weeping, and wailing, and gnashing of teeth. Don't be in that crowd. Come, go along, walk in the light, as He's in the light. And you have fellowship one with another while the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, cleanses us from all unrighteousness, gives us fellowship one with another.

```
Matthew 25:8 And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.

Matthew 25:9 But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.

Matthew 25:10 And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.

1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**27** That's when the Methodist can really shake hands with the Baptist. You know, I love this old time religion, don't you? Makes you love everybody. You know what it'll do? It'll make a pair of overalls put his arms around a tuxedo and call him brother. Sure will. Amen. It'll make a silk dress sit by the side of the calico and put their arms around one another and say, "Sister." It sure tears all the middle wall down, makes us all the same in Christ Jesus. Amen. Then we got fellowship one with another while the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, keeps cleansing us from all unrighteousness as we walk, living in the presence of the King, under the Shekinah glory of the Lord Jesus, where Aaron's rod budded. Amen.

```
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**28** Put Aaron's rod in there: an old dead almond tree. But as it went under the Shekinah glory, everything it was, was restored again. That's the way a sinner is when he goes under the Shekinah glory of the Holy Spirit: The veils drop behind him, everything that he ought to have been, a son of God, blooms out in him again. Amen. Remember, overnight it budded, blossomed, and growed almonds on it---fruits of the Spirit: love, joy, long-suffering, goodness, gentleness, patience. That's what we need to get in the third step, get over into the Shekinah glory where that little sacred light was hanging over the mercy seat. That's the place to stay, where the manna, pot of manna, set down by the ark. That's the place to live. The curtains is dropped behind you. Out in the outer courts where the justified stayed, there was daylight. Sometimes we have ... that was the lights of the firmament; they had all kind of light out there. It'd be dark sometime, day sometime, spotted, no certainty.

```
Numbers 17:8 And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.

Galatians 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

Galatians 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

```
**29** Then they come into the second veil. That was where Martin Luther preached justification. Wesley preached sanctification: the second veil, where the altar sanctified the vessel. The three-room house... The first, where you come into the kitchen. You only live in a three-room house. You say, "Mine's got ten." Well, you just got some extras, see. You just got a three-room house; that's all you can live in: kitchen, living room, and bedroom. You eat in the kitchen, commune in the living room, and rest in the bedroom. Amen. That's where the church has come. It's come through Martin Luther: "Just shall live by faith." Wesley: communion, sanctification, cleansing up. And now we're in the baptism of the Holy Ghost: rest---"I'll give you rest unto your soul."

```
Habakkuk 2:4 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.

Matthew 11:28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

Romans 1:17 For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

Galatians 3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

Hebrews 10:38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.

```
**30** When a man went into the inner veil, the second veil, he was hid from the world; the curtains dropped around him. And when we can lose ourself in Jesus Christ, don't care what your denomination is (Them things don't bother you any more.), you're just lost in Christ. Don't care what the howling mobs around say, you're lost in Christ. Amen. There's where the Shekinah glory, where the light, that halo, that little ball of fire, that come in behind the altar, and went down, and settled on the mercy seat, where the blood was. And there that light lit up the room.

**31** Now, the light of the court was the firmament. The light at the first veil was a bunch of lamps. They got smoky and went out sometimes. And that's the way with a man from one revival to another one: If he's just living in the church and having a little spurt-up once in a while, and he gets all fired up when the revival; but a few weeks, if they don't start another one somewhere, he goes down, smoked out, see. "Oh, my church ain't having this one, and my church..." Brother, go on to the inner veil; God is the light in there. It's always light. The Shekinah glory lit up that place and never did go out, year after year. And the manna never did get old; it was the same all the time, didn't get no wiggle-worms in that. But that you had to get every day got wiggle-worms in it outside. Them who has to stay and all this... Just get in with Christ one time, and close the curtains down, and live till He comes after you. Amen.

**32** Moses went forward, packing this stick. And we find out the Red Sea opened, 'cause a mighty wind followed that fire---the light of God. When men walk in the light, then the winds follow. Jesus said, "Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until you're endued with power from on high." And they waited until there come from heaven a sound of a rushing mighty wind. They walked in light till the wind begin to blow. Amen. Just step in the light tonight, you outside of Christ; the winds will come back again like they was on the day of Pentecost. Just keep walking in the light; it'll separate the thing that was hindering you from one side to the other. Notice, the children of Israel walked across the Red Sea, not only in the mud, they were on dry ground---walking light. That's the trouble with the church today: You're so loaded down you can't walk light. Got too many things on you, too much hanging around. Paul said, "Let us lay aside every weight (that we might walk light)--- every weight, and the sin doth so easily beset us, that we might run with patience the race that's set before us, looking to the Author and Finisher," Christ.

```
Luke 24:49 And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.

Acts 2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.

```
**33** Walk in the light, light-footed. Do you ever walk when you go down the street, singing, Fill my way every day with love, As I walk with the heavenly dove; Let me go all the while, with a song and a smile, Fill my way every day with love. Did you ever walk like that? Light-footed? Why, I remember the night I was back in the ... when I first got saved, went back in a little old shed. I never did pray in my life. And I was going to write Jesus a letter and tack it on a tree, out in the woods, so He could find it. I didn't know how to pray. I thought He'd pass by that tree sometime and let Him ... let me tell Him in that letter what a dirty guy I was, how low-down, how unworthy. I thought, If He's a man, He'd talk like a man. So I didn't know how to talk, and I knelt down on an old grass sack in an old wet shed, and I begin to pull my finger. I said, "Mr. Jesus, will You come here just a minute? I want to talk to You." But He come. That's the main thing. I think if we'd quit rhyming our prayers today, and trying to tease somebody's ears, and pray from the depths of our heart, like an old-fashioned sinner ought to repent, then God will hear us. Amen. Too much of this put-on, Pharisee. I told you the other day a Pharisee means "a actor." Too many Pharisees. Quit putting on. I don't like that stuff: put on. Be what you are; be original. God knows what you are anyhow. You're only acting before somebody else; He knows what you are original.

**34** Notice, they were light-footed. I remember when the Lord forgive me, it felt like a million pounds went off of my back, and I never even touched the step going towards the house. I didn't know nothing about shouting. Wish I could have that experience again right now. I'd make up for that time. I knowed something had happened. And I went in, grabbed my songbook, mother said, "What's the matter?" I said, "I don't know." I grabbed my Bible. I couldn't read; I was too nervous, happy. She said, "Well, what's the matter?" "I don't know." I slipped out the door and went down... There's a big railroad track around behind our place. I run down the railroad track and jump up in the air, just as hard as I could, trying to give vent to the feeling. Oh, my. What a time! That's for every man tonight, and woman, who's never experienced it: Christ Jesus, the freedom of forgiven sin, walking light-footed. Hallelujah! Don't get scared of "Hallelujah"; it means "praise our God," you know. He's worthy of all the praises that you can give Him.

**35** Notice. Walking light-footed. And here come the pretenders behind them, these fellows coming along, these Egyptians, all loaded down. And we find out that their wheels broke in, and they got drowned. You know what God did? He scared them horses. Them horses knowed they were doing wrong; they was packing a bunch of sinners across that path. Why don't we even have horse sense? They knowed they were wrong. There was an old mule packing a backslidden prophet one time. He got scared of the Angel. He could see the Angel---Balaam. And these horses knowed they were doing wrong, and the Bible said... And that makes it right if the Bible said it. The Bible said that He frightened Pharaoh's horses. They were so long going they didn't know, but the horses knowed more than they did. And the same road that carried Israel (by following the light and following God, carried them to perfect victory), killed the Egyptian assailers and drowned them. Oh, I believe they went through there in the Spirit.

```
Exodus 14:21 And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

Exodus 14:22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

Exodus 14:23 And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen.

Exodus 14:24 And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,

Exodus 14:25 And took off their chariot wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of Israel; for the LORD fighteth for them against the Egyptians.

Exodus 14:26 And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their horsemen.

Exodus 14:27 And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea.

Exodus 14:28 And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.

Numbers 22:23 And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way.

Numbers 22:25 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall: and he smote her again.

Numbers 22:27 And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff.

```
**36** You know, that's what's the matter with the church today; it don't get in the Spirit enough. We're too much in ourselves. My, if you'll just get out of yourself long enough. You say, "Well, you know, our church is... We have a regular routine." Oh, who cares about your routine? I wish you'd get out of the routine long enough to get saved, anyhow. Amen. Get saved. Get out of the routine. We don't care about the routine. Get in the Spirit, then you can see things done. An old prophet one time got all stirred up, because somebody come to him; it wasn't right for him to come. He kind of got his righteous indignation up, and you know what he did? Before the Spirit come on him, he had to go singing some good spiritual songs. Then he got in the Spirit, and he begin to see things. He saw some visions. I tell you, brother, life will look a lot different when the church gets in the Spirit (That's right.), and gets out of itself, and the routine that you're in. Amen.

**37** Lay aside those weights. You got to find out the Ladies' Aid Society has got their dinner next week and what you got to do. Lay aside those things. Give time to old-fashioned heartfelt, pouring out to the Lord Jesus Christ, until the Holy Ghost pours down upon your soul. You'll get beside yourself. Maybe you can get with Jesus if you get away from yourself once. Amen. You can't be with yourself and Jesus; you find out you're the biggest enemy you got. If I can get William Branham out of the way, Jesus can have a wonderful time. But you got to get him out of the way.

**38** So then you... See, they started through on light-footed, feeling wonderful. Why? They were following the pillar of fire, God going before them. And when He cut a way through the Red Seas and she walled up, when they got on the other side and got back to earth again, their feet on the ground, they looked around after the Spirit went off of them, and they seen what had happened. They got excited. They got so excited, till Moses raised up his hands and begin to sing in the Spirit. And Miriam, his sister, the prophetess, that was the celebrity of the crowd (Amen.), she got so excited, she grabbed a tambourine and begin to beat the tambourine and dance. And the daughters of Israel followed her up and down the banks, beating the tambourine and dancing. Hallelujah. If that ain't an old-fashioned Pentecostal camp meeting, I never seen one in my life. Brother, if this is the latter rain, that must have been the former rain. Hallelujah. What is it? The same Holy Ghost, the same pillar of fire, the same Redeemer. Walking in the light, moving on. What a time.

```
Exodus 14:21 And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

Exodus 14:22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

Exodus 15:20 And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.

```
**39** Now, they was without food when they crossed over. They didn't have any food. They'd only carried enough on some kneaded bread on top of their heads. The babies had all cried for the bread, so they'd eat it up. God promised to provide what they had need of. So they went to bed that night, maybe without any bread. And when they got up the next morning, not taking any thought, 'cause the church was in the Spirit then; they were moving on. They'd seen the glory of Jehovah. They seen what it was to follow the commandments. They seen the power of the devil end. They seen the power of faith bring them back to victory. Can you do that tonight? Say, "Brother Branham, the doctor said I had TB." "I had this." "I had that." Look by faith to the promise of God. That's what they were doing: following the promise. They killed the Paschal lamb; they kept the sacrifice by faith ... they kept the Passover, rather. They went on out and marched out by faith. 'Cause God said so. God's promised you healing tonight. "By faith I'm going to get it. God said so. I'm following ever ... every way that He said. I'm following it right along."

**40** And we come to find out, the next morning when they got up and looked out on the ground, huh, God had provided. Amen. Did you ever get in them places where nothing... How many ever got to a place where you just didn't know which way to go, and then God would provide? That's the way He does. See, it's the same God. There they was. They'd rested all night, after shouting all day long, and having a wonderful time, and seeing the great revival. Moses really having a revival. God was blessing him, and all the people were following right along. And what a revival! Wish you'd have one of them in Chicago. Amen. You can have it. God's more willing for you to have it, than you are to have it. Amen. You just got to follow His precepts, move on, get into the Shekinah glory, follow the pillar of fire. Follow the Holy Spirit. Don't pay any attention to what the church says, or this says, or that says. Follow Christ. The light is in Christ; life is in Christ.

**41** All right, notice, and here they was the next morning, got up, and there was some little wafers laying all over the ground. God had rained down manna out of heaven. That's a very beautiful type of Christ: coming down from heaven to die on earth, to perish on earth, that He might rescue the perishing. Become... Was heavenly, become earthly that He might make earthly heavenly. Did you ever think of it? Christ became me, that I might become Him. Oh, my! That would shake the heart of an infidel, if he'd ever looked at it. Christ becoming sin, a sin offering that... Knowing no sin, yet was made sin, that through the righteousness of His life, me, a sinner, might be redeemed and stand by His side in His likeness... Brother, that's it; that's the love of God.

```
Exodus 16:31 And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey.

2 Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.

```
**42** Notice, it was a type of Christ. It laid on the earth, and come down to perish, that it might sustain the people in their march. Now, they were pilgrims. Yes, they were pilgrims. They were out of Egypt, traveling to a promised land, but they wasn't neither in Egypt or in the promised land, so they were pilgrims. That's the way the church is tonight; we're pilgrims. We've come up out of Egypt; we're on our road to glory, so we're neither in Egypt or in glory. But we're pilgrims, and God is with us providing everything that we have need of, sending down Christ to sustain the church while we're going on. It was a type of the Holy Spirit.

**43** Notice, now Moses made a big golden pot, and he went out there and gathered up several big potfuls of that, and put it in the holiest of holies to keep for a memorial through all generations, that anyone coming into the priesthood might take a bite of the original manna that fell in the beginning. It was a memorial, that generations after them, on down through the journey till they reached the promised land; that big pot full of manna never did give out. If they'd take out a handful and the next morning the same handful would be in there. It never give out. It kept in there all the time, so that every one that become a priest to God, could have a bite of this manna as they journeyed on.

```
Exodus 16:33 And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.

```
**44** Now, it's a type of the Holy Ghost. When Moses had crossed from Egypt into this wilderness on his road to the promised land, is the same type of the church coming up out of the world, separating itself from the world, in the wilderness journey, going on their way to the millennium. Perfect. Has to be. And now, God led them in natural, because they were loose in the wilderness, and He led them in the natural. He's leading us today in the spiritual. And the same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel, here He is leading us, the same One, same pillar of fire, leading us on, the supernatural light of God moving on, leading the church spiritually.

**45** Now notice. Then that bread being a type... Now, when Pentecost was, was a separation. Or any theologian knows, that was the inauguration of the church. And when the Holy Ghost came from heaven like a rushing mighty wind, filled all the house where they were sitting... And out into the street they went, speaking with tongues and different languages, and carrying on, and acting like a bunch of drunk men. And many of them said, "These men are full of new wine." But Peter stood up in the midst of them and said, "You men of Jerusalem, you that dwell in Judea, let this be known unto you and hearken unto my word: these are not drunk as you suppose, seeing it's the third hour of the day, but this is that." If this ain't that, I'll just keep this till that comes. I'll be satisfied with this. I believe this is that. And when they seen this, and seen the boldness of these men, and heard the preaching of a man that couldn't even read his name---Peter. The Bible said he was ignorant and unlearned. But to see the preaching of that mighty warrior anointed with the Holy Ghost, they said, "Men and brethren, what can we do to be saved?" Peter said, "Repent, everyone of you, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the Holy Ghost, this thing that's come to us, this manna that we're eating on." Said, "For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call."

```
Acts 2:6 Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.

Acts 2:13 Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.

Acts 2:14 But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:

Acts 2:15 For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.

Acts 2:37 Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**46** What was God saying there? The same thing He said to Moses. In other words, "This Holy Ghost manna that begin to fall on the day of Pentecost was to sustain the church, and the church was to live only by the Holy Spirit until the day we enter the millennium." Hallelujah! What is it? The same Holy Ghost. Now notice, it was for every one that was a priest in the Old Testament. Everyone in the New Testament that becomes a Christian, born again, becomes a priest to God. And we are priests and kings. A priest is to make sacrifice. And we give to God the sacrifice of our lips, giving praise to His name. Say, "I don't feel like it." Do it anyhow. That's a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Say, "I feel too tired." The devil will tell you that, till he takes you to hell. That's right. You're to make a spiritual sacrifice: the fruits of our lips giving praise to His name---priests and kings unto God. The Bible said we were---made us priests and kings unto God.

```
Hebrews 13:15 By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.

Revelation 1:6 And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.

Revelation 5:10 And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.

```
**47** Eating what? Living alone. Israel didn't go out and try to get some wild oats and break them up and make some corn cakes. That's what's the matter with the church tonight: got too many wild oats; that's your diet. You need a good old-fashioned Bible diet, is what you need. The pastor will tell you the truth about the Bible. Thank God we got plenty of them. But notice, the wild oat diet. You know there was a bunch of preachers one time who was in a seminary, and there was a prophet come up to see them. And you know, they went out to get some peas to make some pottage. And they put on a great big pot to cook it up. And one of them preachers went out, and you know what he done? He picked a lap-full of gourds, and put it in there, and thought it was peas. Now, a guy that didn't know the difference between gourds and peas: pretty bad shape. And I'm telling you, some people tonight in the ministry don't know any better than that. That's right. Don't know the difference between the power of the Holy Ghost and fanaticism. Hallelujah! There's a real genuine Holy Ghost. I'll admit we got a lot of fanaticism, but that only indicates that we got a real one too. A bogus dollar only makes a real dollar better. Amen.

```
2 Kings 4:38 And Elisha came again to Gilgal: and there was a dearth in the land; and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him: and he said unto his servant, Set on the great pot, and seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets.

2 Kings 4:39 And one went out into the field to gather herbs, and found a wild vine, and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full, and came and shred them into the pot of pottage: for they knew them not.

2 Kings 4:40 So they poured out for the men to eat. And it came to pass, as they were eating of the pottage, that they cried out, and said, O thou man of God, there is death in the pot. And they could not eat thereof.

```
**48** But there happened to be a man there that had a double portion. You know what he done? He just went out and got a handful of meal and throwed it in the pot. He never destroyed the pot; he never destroyed the pottage that was in it; he just took a handful of meal and throwed it in there, and he said, "Eat, there's life in the pot." What did that meal represent? That meal come from the meal offering, which was a sacrifice, which come from the meal offering, speaking of Christ. The little burrs they ground, it had to grind every grain just the same, showing that the grinding of the meal in the sack, showed that Jesus Christ was the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if Christ in that day in a mess of poison could bring life, the same thing today: put Christ in a mess of poison doctrine will bring forth life, divine healing, and the resurrection, and the power, the Holy Ghost just like it was on the beginning. Amen. What we need today is pass Christ into the church and get away from a lot of these long-nosed theologied doctors that we got. Hallelujah! You think I'm crazy? Maybe I am, but let me alone; I feel good, crazy, so just let me alone. Let me lose myself and find it, Lord, in Thee. I'm a lot more happier this way than I was the other way.

```
2 Kings 4:41 But he said, Then bring meal. And he cast it into the pot; and he said, Pour out for the people, that they may eat. And there was no harm in the pot.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**49** All right, notice. The meal made the difference. Said, "Don't dump it all out now. Just take the same material; it'll give you life." That's what Christ does. When you realize Him to be the same yesterday, today, and forever, it changes death to life. It changed death to life for these people in here was healed with cancer. It changed darkness to light last week when them two blind women that was healed. It fell... It changes every time death to life. Every time that you believe and take Christ into it you find out that death to life comes when Christ comes in. Amen. Do you believe it with all your heart? If you can believe it, God will reward it. Hallelujah! Death to life because Christ was cast in. What do you think about that in the pit, brethren, do you believe it? Amen. It's the truth. Death to life, 'cause Christ came.

**50** Now, they went and got some of this manna. You know, David must have tasted a little of that. Did you ever taste any of this spiritual manna? I seen people get so much of it till they lick their lips. I have. Just a real gastronomical jubilee (Amen.), spiritually speaking. Oh my! It fills you out. You know when you get real weak and eat a great big square meal, how good you feel? You know, a fellow will go to a doctor and say, "Doctor, I'm sick, I'm weak." Say, "What's the matter?" "Don't know." He asks him a little physical things. "Well, yes, that's all right." "Well, when did you eat last?" "I ate a half a cracker day before yesterday." "Brother, you're just hungry." That's what's the matter with the church today: it's anemia, because they're not getting enough spiritual food. If they got the Bible, brother, it would put the blood of Christ into the veins of the believer. New life. Life comes with the blood. Amen. The anemic condition of the church---pitiful, pale-cheeked. My, my. We need a transfusion to start us off. Amen.

**51** Notice it. David spoke of it. He got so much of it, he said, "My cup's running over." Oh, I like for it to run over, don't you? There's plenty standing by to catch it (You see?) when it... And he said... You know, he was a sheepherder, and he used to carry a little script bag along their side like this, and in that they packed some honey. And then when a sheep would get sick, they'd put the honey on a rock. Because they wanted the sheep, not so much to lick the honey, but it likes things sweet. So they wanted to get the lime off the rock, because the lime had a healing element in it. So they'd pour the honey on the rock and let the sick sheep go to licking that honey. And licking the honey, why, he got the rock, and it always cured the sick sheep. Well, brother, we got a whole script bag full of it tonight, of honey. Amen. And we'll put it on Christ Jesus, not on some denomination; we'll put it on Christ Jesus, where it belongs. And you sick sheep go to licking right quick now. Find out if you don't get well. It tastes like honey in the rock. Amen. You open up your heart and get to rejoicing before God, you'll get a little limestone once in a while. A little stone of what? Off the Rock of Ages. Hallelujah! Oh, how I love it! You say, "Rock of Ages?" "Yes, sir." "Will I walk, Brother Branham, like them people?" "Yes, sir. Walk in the light." He'll pack you right around. You know God said in the Bible He packed them away on Eagle's wings. The Bible said that. Well then, Israel must have been sitting on eagle's wings crossing the... No wonder they didn't walk in any mud. Did you ever get on that eagle's wings and walk?

```
Exodus 19:4 Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.

Psalm 23:5 Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.

```
**52** Here not long ago I was up in the mountains. I used to be a cowpoke, as you know. And I used to ride up in the mountains a lot of times. And next week I'm to go the same route. Get up there, not so much to hunt, but just to see the nature. I love God, look at Him in the nature. You can see Him in every star, every sunset, every twig, every blowing of the wind; you can see Him anywhere, if you'll just look around. I had had my binoculars; we was up in the springtime, the Corral Peaks, around about fifty or seventy five miles or more, near a hundred miles, I guess, out of Denver, going toward Rabbit Ear Pass, between Berthoud Pass and Rabbit Ear Pass, Troublesome River Valley, Hereford Association. And I was up in there bringing down some cattle ... or, salting some cattle. And I stopped, tied up my horse, and walked over there, and sat down, I thought, Oh, God, look out yonder.

**53** I used to make a little poem; started it. I used to make poems all the time. I got up there and I said, I am lonesome, oh, so lonesome, For that far away Northwest, Where the shadows fall the deepest Over the mountain crest; I can see the lurking coyotes All around the purple haze; And can hear the leopards hollering Down where the longhorns graze. But somewhere up the canyon, I can hear the lion's whine, In the far off crystal mountains On the Arizona line.

**54** Oh, how around that purple sage at night, to see that flickering campfire up in a realm like that, and hear the old coyote holler. I just moved up there, done salted, put some blocks out. Packed my packhorses down there, tied them up, went up, tightened, or got on top. I looked up and I seen the scene. I wondered, God, did You lead me up here just to worship You? I just had my hands up, was stomping my feet, and they'd thought there was an insane person up there, if they'd seen me. I was having a good time rejoicing in the Spirit. You like that? Just get alone with God. I pulled the binoculars out of the saddlebag, and looked up there, and I heard a squall. I looked up there, and there was an old mammy eagle having an awful time with her little brood. She was way up in the rocks there, where they make their nest. And I had a pair of seven-fifties, and I was looking good at that eagle, spotting it out. And she was trying to root those little eagles, and oh, my, they were disturbed. That's the way God does sometime: try to root His eagles around. They think He's trying to get mad at them. He'd boost you out here, and boost you out there. He puts a few trials on; He's trying to help you.

**55** And the old mother eagle, she flogged them around there a little bit, directly, she got them all on her wings. And she flew away. Went way down over the mountains and set down in the green pasture down there. She had spread her wings out, and them little eagles holding on. They got out there; they never had been on grass before. And they begin chirping, running, diving, tumbling over one another. If you ever see the little fellows, little white looking fellows, a tumbling over each other? And what a jubilee they were having, pecking at the grass and having a... I thought, You know, that looks to me like an old-time Holy Ghost meeting they're having. Why, I said, "Yes, that's the way I did." They didn't care. And the old mother eagle took her flight and went way back to a great big sharp rock behind the crevices yonder. I seen her fix her feathers down, take her position, and watch like that. Those little eagles was just chirping and tearing over one another. I thought, That's just the way a good old-fashioned Holy Ghost meeting goes. Jumping here and pecking here, their little feet on that soft grass. They've never been on grass before; they'd been up there in the old pukey nest.

**56** If you're ever around a eagles nest, oh, my, it's a horrible thing. And there it was up there, stinking, old briars and things. I thought, "That's the way it was with me. I was down in the old nasty, vomity world and Jesus packed me out one day and set my feet (Hallelujah!) on a grass-covered, glory-filled carpet from glory. I didn't care what the people thought. Why, the Archbishop or who was standing around, I was having me a good time, free. I thought, What makes them so free? And every once in a while, they'd turn their little heads, you know. I'd look; it wasn't far from me, with them binoculars: it pulled them right to me. They'd turn their little heads and look sideways. I thought, What are they looking at? And then they'd turn loose and just a chirp, and chirp, and chirp. I thought, You know, wouldn't that be a real play for a coyote to get into that bunch now? They can't fly; they're too little, their wings. I thought, Yes, God, I try to fly; sometimes I do a lot of flopping, but I ain't... One of these days my wings will grow out. That's right, the church will get wings.

**57** Then I noticed, why did them little fellows hold their head sideways, them little black eyes look up like that? They were looking at their mother sitting away up high yonder. She was watching for a coyote. Watching what would take place. Boy, my heart begin to melt. I thought, Yes, our mother, that gave us birth too, has rooted us out of the old nest of the world, and He's climbed the ramparts of glory sitting yonder in the Majesty on high. His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me. What do I care what the world says; there's no harm around. God's watching over His heritage. Amen.

**58** All at once a northerner started, a storm come, a little clip of lightning back there as it comes along---first part of June. And the old eagle threw that nose up, and they come quickly. And she let out a scream, and here she come to the ground, throwed out her wings like that, and let a squall. And as she did, every one of them little eagles knowed their position. Oh, my. Each one run right to the wing. They knew what that wing meant, because they'd been on it before. Every man, when the Holy Ghost comes at the end of time, will know just exactly what it means; he's been there before. And he grabbed his little feet right into the wings, tucked his little bill, and got a hold of a big strong feather, and that old mother eagle with them wings a quivering a little, she raised in that wind, set her face right towards the hole in that rock. And that wind coming down through there at fifty miles an hour, perhaps, she raised that wing and went right straight into the rocks to safety.

**59** I said, "Oh, dear God, someday in this great jubilee we're having, Jesus will come, and we'll catch on to the wings of the cross, and away we'll fly yonder to safety, to the hole in the rock, safely protected forevermore." Hallelujah. He will pack you away on eagles' wings. He's watching over you tonight. Just have a good time. That's what He wants you to do. Be happy. Don't go along great long face. Be happy. Rejoice in the Spirit. "No condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus, that walk not after the flesh but the Spirit." No condemnation to them that's in Christ Jesus that's laid aside every weight and the sin that does so easily beset them. They fly away. All right, quickly now, we got to hurry to bring the message to a close; we're late. Notice, and tomorrow morning we got to get up early: the ministerial breakfast.

```
Romans 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

```
**60** Think of it, then they come on up the road. First thing you know, they begin to chide against God and Moses, forgot all. Isn't that just human? Isn't that the way the church does? Forgot all about the first glory and they begin to complain. God had to learn them a lesson. And the snakes come before them and begin to bite them. And they were all bitten and many of them died. And Moses interceded, and God made a serpent---had Moses to---out of brass and put it on a pole. Oh, wish we had time to dig the nuggets out of that, brother. Oh, my. Then again, they needed water, and Moses took the rod and went and smote the rock. And when he smote the rock, waters came out of it: a very beautiful type of John 3:16. Christ was that Rock. The people was perishing for water, and "God so loved the world He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth on Him should not perish (signifying the Spirit, waters of life), but have eternal life to them that believe on Him."

```
Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

Numbers 21:5 And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread.

Numbers 21:6 And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.

Numbers 21:7 Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people.

Numbers 21:8 And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live.

Numbers 21:9 And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.

John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**61** Notice, it wasn't Moses' rod; that was God's judgment rod. That's what He brought the judgments on Egypt with. He brought the judgment. And notice, it was a judgment rod that smote the rock. And it was the judgments of God---"the day you eat of it, that day you die."---that smote Christ. Death smote Christ---God's judgment---and brought life to the perishing people. How beautiful! Don't forget it. And here's another thing. One time they were needing something to eat. And after finding water in the rock, they went over there and found out that bees had built a hive in there, and they found honey in the rock. Just flee to the Rock. They come to Kadesh-barnea. (We're fixing to close now and bring the service to a close, for the healing line.)

```
Deuteronomy 32:13 He made him ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck honey out of the rock, and oil out of the flinty rock;

```
**62** Notice, they came to Kadesh-barnea. Maybe tomorrow night if we pick it up here we'll go a little farther with it and take the people over in the promised land and positionally place them. Notice, they came to Kadesh-barnea, and Kadesh-barnea was, one time, the judgment seat of the world. The place had a great big well, big springs. And there was many little springs out from it, a palm grove like, in the desert. What a beautiful place, a type, the great judgment seat of God in heaven, where God's Word is a law book and there judgment at the white throne of heaven. And every little spring represented a church where the judgments of God go forth, preaching judgments. And when they come there, they were on the border of the promised land. Hallelujah! On the border: There's where they made a big mistake. They stopped at the border. And let me say to you tonight my, clergy brother; not getting back at you---I love you, you know that. But there's too many borderline preachers today. Amen. Staying on the border. God don't want you on the border. Cross over. Amen. The promise is just beyond.

**63** So they sent some spies out, got one out of each tribe---twelve ---and sent them across. And when they come back, what a report! Ten of them said, "We can't do it; we can't do it. Oh, my, the opposition's too great." But there stood a little old Caleb and Joshua said, "We can do her." Amen. "Oh, the walls was high. That's true. They're a walled-up people, and they're so big till we look like grasshoppers by them. That's true." But you see, ten of them were theologians. They were looking at what they could see intellectually. But Caleb and Joshua was looking to God's promise. God said, "I've already give it to you; go take it." Hallelujah!

```
Exodus 3:8 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.

Numbers 13:30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.

Numbers 13:31 But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.

Numbers 13:33 And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which come of the giants: and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.

```
**64** That's what's the matter with people tonight in divine healing and everything. It's yours! Go take it! Hallelujah! God promised you to walk, brethren, you believe it? You have to take it. God promised you life, brother; do you believe it? Take it. God promised you joy, brother; do you believe it? Take it. God said, "I will give it to you. It's yours." Now it wouldn't be right for God to go and dish all the things out. He give them the land; they've got to do the house cleaning. Amen. It's yours, but He ain't going to come poke it down your neck. You've got to take the land yourself. He give it to you and it's yours; rise and possess it. Hallelujah! It's your choice. If you want to murmur like the other ten did, you'll wander in the wilderness a long time longer---till tomorrow night, still sick. But if you're ready to take it tonight, it's yours. What kind of a choice you going to make? I'll take Jesus and His promise, and tell the devil he's a liar. Amen.

**65** God said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." "It's a good land," said Joshua. "It's a wonderful land." Joshua, you and Caleb, aren't you glad that this is a wonderful land? I am. Amen. Joshua and Caleb brought back some initial evidence that they'd been over there somewhere. I'm so glad tonight that we've got witnesses in the church tonight, that's been somewhere, that's got something, that's come back with the evidence that the Holy Ghost is just the same tonight as it was the day it fell on Pentecost. Hallelujah! Make your choice. Are you going to stand with the theologian that says, "Well, we just can't take it; we come through the Wesley age; we come through this, but we could never stand another fanaticism; we could never stand it." Away with such stuff. God said Jesus rose from the dead. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. We can take it; it's ours; we're able. Glory! Hallelujah! What we need tonight is do it. Hallelujah! It's yours. The promise is unto you, and to your children, and them in Chicago, and as many as the Lord our God shall call. Freedom of choice. To me He's the same. To me He will keep His promise. To me, "He was wounded for my transgressions, He was bruised for my iniquity: the chastisement of my peace was upon Him; with His stripes I'm healed." Hallelujah!

```
Numbers 13:23 And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.

Numbers 14:7 And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.

Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**66** I believe. Hallelujah! Do you believe it? It's your choice now. We're at the borderland. We've come through many dangerous toils and snares. I have already come. It was grace that brought me safe thus far, following the blessed old Bible. It's grace that'll take me on. Amen. It's a promise, we're on the borderland tonight. The Bible said, "I would above all things you prosper in health." It's yours. God promised it. And the promise to you is just as good as it was to Israel. He said, "I have given you that land. I will send My angel, this pillar of fire, before you to guide you to the place." Divine healing's yours, God promised it to you. He sent the Holy Ghost, has guided you to this place. Let's take it. Amen! It's ours.

```
3 John 1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

```
**67** Same God made the promise to Israel made it to you, and He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Sends the same signs, wonders and miracles. Now, He ain't going to come just push it down you. You're going to have to take it. And as soon as you claim it, there'll stand an old Ammorite standing there. Kick him out of the way. Old guy say, "Now, wait a minute; you're excited." That's an old person. Now, kick him out of the way. If you pick up a little baby and he says... "Well," your mammy says, "Well, he's awful cute, I... He'll be like his daddy." Kick him out of the way. The land belongs to you. "Well, Doctor So-and-So can pray such a pretty prayer." That don't make any difference; God's give the promise. If the unbeliever's against God's Word, kick it out of the way. The promise is yours. Hallelujah!

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**68** Don't care how innocent and pretty it looks. You might have steeples, and shrines, and say, "Ah-men" like a dying calf, but that don't change God's Word. God said we could take it. It's yours. The promise is ours. Hallelujah! Oh, I feel religious! My! Know that that Holy Ghost is here. The same pillar of fire that led the children through that wilderness and went with them to the promised land, here He is with us tonight, even had His picture taken all over and over, showing the same signs and wonders. What are we scared about? By faith. Don't care, I feel like Caleb, "Let me have that bunch over yonder." Amen.

**69** They said, "Oh, they're so much bigger." That don't make any difference. Goliath boiled out his big brag too, but he met a David one day, too. Amen. The devil's done said, "The days of miracles is past," and got into the preachers and preached that all through the country, but there rose up a David not long ago. Amen. Got his head chopped off now, and I'm telling you, that Israelite army's a beating it from north to west, east, south, everywhere else and around the world great healing campaigns proving that Jesus raised from the dead and is a Healer. Hallelujah! The Holy Ghost is our David. Amen. He's the leader of this pack; we believe Him. Let us talk to Him a minute, with our heads bowed.

**70** Father, the One that said, "Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen, by it the elders obtained a good report." We understand that the world was made out of things that does not appear. How God, before there was even a earth here, just spoke the Word and dust and dirt and rocks and corrosions come into existence because God said. I can see His Word flying from His lips, going out through that darkness yonder, and the atoms begin to break, and the world come into existence. That same God hanged yonder on Calvary's cross and died: "He was wounded for our transgressions and with His stripes we were healed." God, we rebuke every devil of doubt there is in the building. Take that shadow away tonight and let every man and woman come through here believing with all their heart that Jesus is going to make them well. May they leave this platform tonight with their hands up in the air, shouting and praising God, knowing that Jesus has promised it and He's good to His promise. Grant it, Father. Take away all the gloom and doubt, and let the Holy Ghost reign supremely. Heal every one and save every one, for we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

Hebrews 11:2 For by it the elders obtained a good report.

Hebrews 11:3 Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.

```
**71** This is a new thing tonight. The first time I did this for a long time: that is, come here and try to pray for the sick without seeing the discernment. [Gap in the audio.] All right, lady, do you believe that Jesus will make you well? You do it with all your heart? I don't have to tell you nothing about what's wrong with you, just ask... You believe that I've told the truth. Come here just a minute. Now, kind heavenly Father, I lay hands upon our sister here and ask that she be healed. While the blessing of the Holy Ghost is here, may the woman receive what she's asked for. I lay hands on her in Jesus' name. Amen. I want you to come and testify to Brother Boze tomorrow night, tell him what happened.

**72** Would you come, sister? Do you believe now with all your heart? Sister, if I could do anything for you, I'd do it. Only thing I know as a minister, is to pray for you. You believe that God will heal you? Will you be glad if something happens that you can show it ... come tell Brother Boze so I'll know that the Holy Spirit is leading me to do these things? Will you do it? Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon my sister and ask in the name of Jesus Christ that ever what is wrong with her body may cease tonight, and she come tomorrow testifying of God's power, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you now, sister. Lord, I pray that You'll bless this handkerchief for the sick person that it's represented. Amen. God bless you. Now let us hear. Will you do it, sister? I believe. Do you believe Him now? Everybody hold just in the Spirit. When you see the people coming, say, "God, You're going to heal them; You're going to make them well." You're part of this now, all of us is one unit. This might be somebody's mother; what if it was yours?

**73** You believe, sister, that God will make you well? O God, I pray that You'll heal our sister. And as I lay hands upon this poor little mother, I ask that the blessings of God rest upon her and give her the desire of her heart. O Holy Ghost, I do this according to Your commandment, in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, let us hear tomorrow what happens to you. You come, sister? Are you coming believing now with all your heart? And if God will do something to you tonight in a supernatural way... You've heard what I've said and what I've promised God, and I believe I could get to a hundred to one, see. You believe now that you've seen enough... Have you ever seen Him give discernment? And you know right now I know what's wrong with you, but there's no need of me saying; if I do, it starts. But if I lay hands on you, with telling you from the bottom of my heart, the same anointing is right here now, will you believe it? Heavenly Father, I lay hands upon her and charge this devil in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of the woman. In Jesus' name. Amen. Now, let us hear tomorrow, sister.

**74** All right, sister, are you believing now with all your heart? Now, heavenly Father, I lay hands upon our sister, and I charge the devil that's did this, as I plead the blood of Jesus Christ according to the Holy Spirit that gave this witness. In Jesus' name. Amen. Now, let us hear tomorrow what happens; tell Brother Boze. All right, sister, don't weep now, you're in a ... you're at the border line now; we're going to cross over. You believe it? All right. You know you're in the presence of God, don't you? Not your brother; God. Is that right? All right. You believe if I ask Him now that He will do just... Has He ever failed any time to do just what I said He told me? Never, always right. Now, He told me the other day to pray for the people and lay hands on them, they'd get well. You believe that? If you believe it, I'll guarantee you, you'll have it. That's right. O Jesus, I come put my hands on this woman, seeing that demon, and I charge him by Jesus Christ's name, that it come out from the woman. May he go now, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go happy and rejoicing, thanking Him.

**75** Now be real happy; when you're prayed for go say, "Thank You, dear God." All right, sister, you believe now that Jesus will make you well? Heavenly Father, laying hands upon her, in the name of Jesus the Son of God, I ask the evil to leave her and may this be a new day. May she cross over tonight and bring back the evidence tomorrow. In Jesus' name. Amen. All right. Do you believe, mother, as you come? Do you believe that Jesus make you well? You believe if I ask Him He'll do it now? Our heavenly Father, as this lovely little woman stands here, me laying my hands upon her, along with thousands of people praying for her just now; we ask that the devil leave the woman and tomorrow she come back with the evidence and telling the pastor here what's happened. In Jesus' name, for God's glory. Amen. God bless you, sister, now go. Here's the way to do it. Go saying, "Thank You, Jesus. Thank You, Jesus. Oh, I'm so thankful You [unclear words] ."

**76** Do you believe now, sister? Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon her and ask that she too may go off this platform tonight rejoicing; by faith, believing by faith, the evidence of things not seen, but believing that God has kept His Word. In Jesus' name I ask it, for her healing. Amen. Go, rejoicing now, sister. Would you come? You believe me to...? [The sister speaks to Brother Branham.] All right. All right, sister, we'll... Dear God, to her friend, we pray that You'll heal her. Thou... She's standing tonight in a Christian way. Christ stood for all of us, and the woman's not able to stand for herself, so she comes as a Christian to stand for her; and we offer prayer as intercessors to Thee, that she will recover, and be here, and testify to the glory of God. Amen. God bless you. Believe now that you receive it.

**77** It's so simple, if you can just believe it. All right, sister, is this for someone else? [The sister speaks to Brother Branham.] All right, a cripple lady. Heavenly Father, I pray that you'll bless this handkerchief, and when it's laid upon the crippled lady, may she walk out. Grant it, Father. Now, prove Yourself to be God. And Father, I bless this woman who brought it. Heal her also, Father, in Jesus' name. Amen. She pointed down there, a crippled lady. Lady sitting in the wheelchair down there that's come from a way aways, got cancer; that's what you're crippleness is. You're fixing to die, aren't you? They say you are. They have to take you and tap you every once in a while to the hospital, don't they? Is that right? Get up and go on home. Believe it tonight and go home. There you are. Go home, believing God. You don't need your handkerchief. Hallelujah!

**78** See, I'm not saying it. The Holy Ghost is here. Do you believe, honey boy? Dear heavenly Father, this child's too young to have faith to know what it's about. It can't understand the Bible, 'cause it's not old enough; the father brings it. But, Dear God, You're the God of creation; You're the God of all power, the omnipotent One; Thou can heal. And I pray that in Jesus' name You'll do it. I want every head bowed, every heart bowed, every eye closed, in Jesus' name. Keep your head bowed till you hear me say, "Raise your head." Father, you going to believe with all your heart? Dear God, I bless this little boy and ask that You make him every whit whole; may the power of God come upon him as I lay my hands and make him... This blessing, shall he return as I've laid my hands up and down his little body, and I pray that You'll let him come back tomorrow giving a testimony to the glory of God. And Satan, you're cast out. In Jesus' name. Now, go ahead [Brother Branham, speaks aside.] I want you to come back tomorrow night [unclear words] . Will you do it?

**79** What do you think, sister? Heavenly Father, Thou who made the heavens and earth, formed the stars and moon, I cast away the evil from this woman, in Jesus' name. Ask that she returns rejoicing. Amen. God bless you. What do you think, sir? You're going to be healed? You believe you're in His presence? Heavenly Father, I lay hands upon the man, as the saints are praying, and ask in Jesus' name that You cast away the evil from him. Amen. You believe, sir? Go believing.

**80** All right, sir, do you believe? Almighty God, creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon the man who I bless, in Jesus' name. May he go from here tonight healed. Amen. Go believing now, brother, rejoicing. For the boy? You believe that Jesus will make him well? You see a difference in this child in the next twenty-four hours you'll come tell us about it? Almighty God, laying hands upon the child, I ask that the curse be removed. As this father and mother comes tomorrow night giving a testimony that'll startle this whole audience, Lord, to let them know that those who walk forward in faith shall not be confounded. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Don't doubt; let us hear tomorrow night.

**81** Come, sister, you believe? Heavenly Father, I pray for the healing of my sister by laying hands upon her in Jesus Christ's name, and ask that their healing come. Amen. Now, believe, sister; come back telling us what's happened. What do you think, sister? O Jesus of Nazareth, Son of God, as this woman stands with her folded hands, where someday if Jesus tarries, will be folded in silent death. O God, while she's alive and got her right mental condition, let her look up yonder beyond that old cloud that's hanging over her, and see the God of healing hanging yonder on the cross and be healed, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, my sister.

**82** You believe, sister. Hallelujah. I lay my hands upon the woman as she ... as she by the faith pulls the glasses off of those blinding eyes and ask that God restore the sight. In Jesus' name may she receive it. Amen. Tell us what happens. In the name of Jesus Christ I lay my hands upon our sister and challenge the devil, in Jesus' name, come out of her. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ I lay my hands upon sister and challenge the unbelief. Come out from the woman, that she can go and be healed. Amen. Your mother. Heavenly Father, I ask as I lay hands upon a boy who stands for his mother, that her feet may be healed, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**83** All right, sister, your trouble? All right. Heavenly Father, I ask that this woman's condition will be made well, as I lay hands upon her upon the authority of God's written Word and the witness of the Holy Ghost. And I ask that she be made well, in Jesus' name. Amen. What is it, Billy? [Billy speaks to Brother Branham.] Yes. All right. [Billy Paul says, "All those with prayer cards with the letter K on it, line up over to my right."] You having this handkerchief for him? Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I lay hands upon this handkerchief; we're taught in the Bible that they took handkerchiefs off the body of Paul, for they seen God was with him. Now, we're not Paul, but You're still Jesus, and I pray God that You'll condemn the devil that's bothered this girl's father's leg and this spirit of sickness on this girl, and may they be healed, in Jesus' name. Amen. Sister, let us know tomorrow; watch what happens.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**84** O God, as this boy stands for his sister, that they played together as little children, her nerves are gone. But Jesus lives. And I send this handkerchief in Jesus' name, that that girl will return and come here tomorrow night testifying of the glory and the power of the resurrection. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Do you believe that God will heal you of this back trouble, make you well? Brother, if I could do it and wouldn't, I'd be a brute. But I know the One that give me the promise said, "You get the people to believe you." I said, "They won't because I'm uneducated." Said, "Perform these signs before them, and they'll believe it." Do you do it now? Then, God, in the name of Jesus Christ, according to the man's testimony, and You Who know the heart of all men, I condemn this back trouble, in Jesus Christ's name. May it leave him---and all the other aliments of his body. Amen. Do you believe me with all your heart? Go over there and touch your feet down there ... or, your hands to your feet.

**85** Do you believe, brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I ask that this man recover from every sickness, in Jesus' name. Amen. See what happens, brother? You're healed now; it's all over. Obedience is better than sacrifice, hearkening to the fats of rams. Heavenly Father, I lay hands on my sister and ask that the power of God that raised Jesus from the grave, will now quicken her body and make her well, in Jesus' name. Amen. You believe it, sister? Accept it. Go rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord."

**86** The baby. Oh, my! Clubfooted. Sister, if God will make this little clubfoot here come around straight, will you give Him praise? Do you believe that God sent me to pray the prayer of faith? When I hold this baby's foot in my hand, and the Holy Ghost is here, the very Angel of God that I've spoke of is standing right here. I just lay my hands on him and ask in Jesus' name for them club feet to be normal. Bring him up tomorrow night and testify of the glory of God. When you get him down at your seat, sit down and look at his feet and watch what's happened. Heavenly Father, I bless my sister, in Jesus Christ's name. For the glory of God I ask it. Amen.

**87** Heavenly Father, I lay hands upon our sister in Jesus' name, and condemn this sickness of her body. Amen. Believe it now, sister. In Jesus' name and for the sister. Grant it, Lord. Heavenly Father, laying hands on this poor little mother, and I pray that in Jesus' name, that You'll cast away evil. Amen. Now, friends, I'm not trying to be rough, but you can't baby devils. That's right. You got to let them know who's boss. We're boss now, because Jesus is here (Amen.), our big Brother. Our Brother of redemption is here. Hallelujah! All right, mother, you with the clubfooted baby, look at your baby's feet.

**88** All right, you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ I ask for the glory of God to come upon the woman, she'll be healed. Amen. Heavenly Father, I bless this, my brother, and I ask that the glory of God that raised Jesus from the grave, the great quickening spirit who stands here now in a form of a light, burning down within my soul, I lay hands upon him and charge this devil to leave him in Jesus' name. Amen. Do you believe it, sir? You can have it if you believe it; Jesus said so. Amen.

**89** Do you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I lay hands upon this woman while the anointed Holy Spirit is here at the altar, moving among the people. And I ask in Jesus' name, that she be made well. Amen. All right, dad, believe with all your heart now. Oh, in Jesus Christ's name, come out, Satan, that he be made well through the power of the resurrection of Christ. Amen. You know you can hear all right now. All right, you go ahead now and rejoice. All right. Heavenly Father, I bless this, my sister, in Jesus' name, and ask that the power of God will surge her body from the crown of her head to the toes of her feet, and be made well in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. That's the way, sister. See, when the Holy Ghost can find a place to work into, He runs right down the channel, when He can find a place. Amen. It's over when you believe it, but you got to believe it. He ain't going to push it down you; you got to overlook, so He can come down in you. Hallelujah!

**90** You believe, sister? Ready to open every channel? In the name of Jesus, I pray that the Holy Ghost come to our sister and heal her. Amen. Heavenly Father, I bless this, my sister, and ask that the Holy Ghost heal her from the crown of her head to the toes of her feet. We challenge the devil, in Jesus' name, to move back. Amen. Do you believe, sister? Go, giving Him praise, then. What do you think, sister? You believe that He will? Are you moving all the stones away? In Jesus' name! Hallelujah! You bless her, Lord, for her healing. I am so glad that the Lord brought me out. Wonderful Jesus!

**91** God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may channels be open all through here, so this flowing of the Holy Ghost can rush mightily down through every soul here and surge faith in the place of doubt, illuminate that person, and quicken their body, in Jesus' name. Go believing, my brother. Do you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ I lay my hands upon her and the other one on the handkerchief, and bless both in Jesus' name, that she will open her heart and feel the power of the Holy Ghost going through her. Lord, You said, "If you'll get the people to believe, be sincere when you pray, nothing shall stand before the prayer." I'm doing it, Lord. May the woman move back every doubt and may the Holy Ghost heal her. Amen.

**92** Are you believing here? In the name of Jesus Christ... The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; if they lay hands on the sick they shall recover." God, it's Your promise, not mine. I'm only obeying You. In Jesus' name, let him be healed. Go rejoicing and praising God. In the name of Jesus Christ I bless my brother for the healing of his body, in Jesus' name. Do you believe, brother? In Jesus' name I bless my brother for his healing. Amen. God bless you, brother. Believe.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**93** You believe that Jesus make you well? If you'll watch the difference in that child in the next... If you'll watch from now to the next eight or ten hours, till this ... till, I say, five o'clock tomorrow afternoon, you'll watch the difference in that child. I'll assure you by the resurrection of the living Jesus Christ, that God can heal a Mongolian child. You believe it? Jesus said, "If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." If you'll notice the difference in the next few hours, that child, will you come to give testimony? Then I bless this baby; Holy Spirit, that great Angel who's standing here, who stood yonder at my side and said, "Lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." I condemn this devil. You've harmed this baby in the womb of its mother, but now he's in the presence of God. Come out of him, you demon, in Jesus' name.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**94** In Jesus Christ's name, I bless both handkerchief, cloth, and the man, that You heal them, Father. Amen. Go believing, my brother. Do you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, and my hands laid upon her, I challenge this devil that's making her sick and claim that he cannot hold her. Jesus died and He lives again. And now by that death He was the manna that come to soak up His life, and to His saints to give them life. And then if the manna is inside (Hallelujah!), Christ is in the believer. In Jesus' name, Satan, you leave her. Amen. The commandments of the Lord...

**95** All right. God, I pray that You'll heal them both. As I lay my hands upon these two women standing here arm in arm together, may the Holy Ghost out of heaven, fall down like manna coming out of glory and feed their souls, that they will take away every shadow of doubt, and they'll start recovering from this very hour, in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, believe with all your heart, and bring her tomorrow night with you for a testimony. All right, now believe, have faith (See?) for your daughter. Do you believe, sir? In Jesus' name I ask that the devil leave my brother and he been made well to the glory of God. Amen. God bless you, brother. Do you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I ask that the power of devil leave this woman now, in Jesus' name. Amen. Oh, it's so wonderful. I believe we've hit the keynote. Amen.

**96** You believe that God will take the cataracts off? Heavenly Father, I bless this woman in Jesus' name, and I condemn these cataracts, these blind spirits, you have to die. Come out, Satan. You're a power of death, but the power of life is here tonight in the resurrection of Jesus Christ, leave the woman. Amen. Go on now, receive in the name of Jesus. Amen. God, You're looking under that oxygen tent right now; here stands a father for his dying child. I rebuke the devil of death and ask that life come under that tent. The Shekinah glory that dwelt in the holiest of holies, move under that oxygen tent tonight on account of this father's faith, in Jesus' name. Amen. Let us hear now what happens.

**97** What about it, sister, you believing? In Jesus Christ's name I lay my hands upon sister, with the prayer of faith on my lips and my heart, moving towards God who gave the promise. I ask for her healing in Jesus' name. Amen.

**98** Brother, do you believe? Are you ready? Is the channels moved out? You're ready for the Holy Ghost to come through and do the work? In the name of Jesus Christ then, Father, I ask in a prayer of faith, according to this man's testimony, his heart's opened up, then praise God that the Holy Ghost will heal him from the crown of his head to the very soles of his feet, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go giving Him praise.

**99** You believe, sister? In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, hands laid on my sister, I ask this sickness depart from her, in Jesus' name. Amen. Go rejoicing now, sister, be happy. Do you believe? In Jesus' name I lay hands upon my sister and ask that the Holy Ghost come upon her, and heal her, and make her well, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**100** In Jesus' name I lay hands upon this woman, and may she go whole for God's glory. Amen. Satan, you're a liar, we take a hold by faith, in Jesus' name, our sister to be made well. Amen. All right, sister, you believe now. O God, in Jesus' name I lay hands upon this crippled woman and ask that sometime between right now and tomorrow night this crutch will be laid on the platform and she'll be well. I ask in Jesus' name. Amen. Go believing now. All right, sister, do you believe the same? That sometime between now and tomorrow night, as was asked God, for a testimony, that these crutches will be laying on the platform and you'll be giving God praise. Will you believe it?

**101** In the name of Jesus Christ, this poor woman, though old, her hair gray. But, O Lord, my mind goes back to Congressman Upshaw, eighty-six years in a wheelchair. You're the Resurrection and life; You can put calcium in the bones. I pray that You'll heal her. Tomorrow night put your name here [unclear words] . Come, sister. In Jesus' name I ask that You heal this young woman. May the power of God go through her and make her well, through Jesus' name. Amen. You believe? What's his trouble? Do you believe? Oh, my. Will you come give testimony if these deformities straightens out? God, I lay my hands upon this baby, knowing that You're the One who made the baby, and the devil has interrupted the seed of God that was planted. And now, we charge this devil in Jesus' name, that Jesus come to correct all the mistakes that Satan did and come out of the baby. In Jesus Christ's name, by the blood of Calvary's cross. Amen. I want to see the baby tomorrow night. Now, a word of testimony.

**102** Are you believing, sir? In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I lay hands upon this man and ask that the devil of torment will leave him. Come out from him, in Jesus Christ's name. God bless you, brother, go believing now. Are you believing, sister? O God, creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, giver of every good gift, I bless this woman in Jesus' name, for her healing. Come out, Satan. Amen. How wonderful! Brother, sister, I believe this is that. I feel wonderful about this.

**103** O Jesus, Son of God, I pray for this woman and this handkerchief that she's got in her hand. God, may every doubt be rolled away; may every demon that would stand and say, "Well, you won't get it." I know that old haunting devil hanging over the woman right now, feel him moving and trying to get her not to believe. Satan, I charge you in Jesus Christ's name, come out from the woman, in Jesus' name. Now, raise your hand to give Him praise. Go off the platform rejoicing. Bless your heart; you're right at the place; you're right at the fountain. You believe that Jesus will make you whole right now? Almighty God, forgive every transgression of this little boy. And I lay my hands upon him in Jesus' name, and ask that the devil who's been tormenting him has lost the battle. The boy wants to come to You, Jesus, and I present him with arms of faith before the throne, that You bid him to come to, in Jesus' name. Amen. You now accept Him as your Saviour? You believe that all your burdens are gone? You'll live for Him from this on? Go off the platform happy and be baptized. Amen.

**104** Do you believe, my brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, I bless my brother, in the name of Jesus, that You'll make his eyes to be open and he will be able to see, through Jesus Christ's name I bless him. Amen. Go, believing now, my brother. Do you believe, my sister? I charge the devil, the devil of doubt---the only sin there is unbelief---and I ask that unbelief be swept away. Every burden from the heart moved back and the light of God shine through the darkness down into her soul and new life come in. You said You would renew our life and our youth like the eagle. Oh, how the eagle, yet old in years, renews his youth every few hours. Hallelujah! Grant it, in Jesus' name.

**105** Almighty God, there's many who can't be here tonight and they sent handkerchiefs, and I hold my hands; what a poor institution, what a poor thing for a man to hold his hands, unworthy, sinful, but God, where would You find holy hands? They're only in heaven. But I do it because You said do it. At Your command, Lord, I rebuke every devil and may these handkerchiefs heal every sick person that they're laid upon, for God's glory, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**106** To you who in this audience, who has not a prayer card and believes that Jesus Christ is here to make you well, I believe that Jesus will heal you right now. Do you believe it? I've tried to war back that spirit... That's right, stand on your feet. Here we are. We're at the border land. Here's the promise; let's get it. God promised it. Move back all the doubt. Let the Holy Ghost come in, the power of God. O God, I pray now, I stand as Joshua in the valley, saying, "The land is good. We're going over after it, Lord; here we come. In Jesus' name I cast out every spirit of unbelief and ask that there won't be a feeble one left, for God's glory. Amen. And the people praised Him, and give Him glory.

```
Numbers 14:7 And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.
```
