---
Date: 1955-06-21
Title: The Roman Nobleman
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 1 hour and 26 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Roman Nobleman



**1** Good evening, friends. I am very happy to be here this afternoon, to speak to you in the name of the Lord Jesus. And we trust that our Lord will be with us. Before we approach Him now, let us pray. Our Heavenly Father, we come to Thee in the name of Thy beloved Son, the Lord Jesus. We express our love to Thee. And we appreciate Thee, and we trust that You will meet with us tonight, and will save all that are not saved, and will heal those that are sick and needy. And when we leave this building tonight, may we be able to say like those who came from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us because of His presence?" Do something a little different for us tonight, Father. Make it a little unusual, that people might know that God's Son raised from the dead and is living among us tonight. For we ask it in His lovely name. Amen. (You read the Scripture.) [ The German interpreter reads Mark 7:1-10.] [Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem. And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashen, hands, they found fault. For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders. And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brazen vessels, and of tables. Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashen hands? He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do. And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition. For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:]

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

```
**2** May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word. We're just sorry to be a little late tonight, but it's been rough today, rainy and bad. And we're saying that tomorrow, the people who desire to be prayed for, come to the arena early and occupy these front seats. They're reserved for you, anytime after six o'clock, so that ... before the crowd gets to gathering in. I don't think they could give out cards tonight, but tomorrow night we'll be praying for the sick, the Lord willing. So, remember to come early, that is, the ones who are expecting to receive prayer cards. Anytime after six o'clock, until seven, be in the arena and be seated. Now, tonight we're going to speak on a great event, and that is about this nobleman. He was a Gentile, and he did not know much about the Jewish religion. But he had heard about Jesus, and his servant was very sick. And whether he was a Jew or Gentile, he had faith in Christ, and he sent for Jesus.

**3** I want you to notice his attitude. He didn't approach feeling that he had it coming to him; he approached that he was unworthy. I want you to take that attitude, also, that you cannot come with a predominating attitude and get anything from God. You must come reverent, humble, and then God will deal with you. And then you will get what you ask for. And that's the attitude that this Roman taken. Look at his approach to the Lord Jesus. He said, "I am not worthy for You to come under my roof. So I felt, myself, I wasn't worthy to come to You." Said, "Just speak the word." He said, "I am a man under authority." And said, "I say to this man 'go,' and to this man 'come,' and they go and come." Said, "You just speak the word, and my servant will live." I want you to notice that. That Roman, being under authority, that knew that whatever was under him had to obey him. On his testimony, he witnessed that Jesus Christ was over all sickness. He could make sickness obey Him, just the same as he could make his soldiers obey him. If one of the soldiers failed to obey him, it was a death penalty. And he recognized that same authority in Jesus, over evil spirits and sickness. That's why he said, "Just speak the word."

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

```
**4** Did you notice when He was going to pray for Jairus' daughter to be raised. Jairus was a Jew, and he had been trained to lay hands on people. Jairus said, "Come, lay Your hands on my daughter and she'll live." He had been taught that: laying on hands. But to the Gentile, he had been taught power and authority. It's according to what you believe. Both of their faith was in Christ. One said, "Speak the word, and it'll be done." The other one said, "Lay Your hands on, and it'll be done." See, it's according to what you believe. Well, now, that's... Now, that is the way it is here tonight. Many people have got the idea, when people pray for the sick, that there is something in the person that's praying for the sick that heals the sick. That is an error. It's in Christ heals the sick. His death at Calvary, He paid the price for all the sins and all the sicknesses of the world. And whosoever will believe upon that atonement He made, can have whatever they ask for. The trouble lays in the people. It's a lack of faith.

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

```
**5** In the days of His flesh here on earth, while people said, "He can heal the sick"; but when He forgave a man his sins, they said, "That cannot be done." The devil has transferred that. They say, "He can forgive the sins, but He can't heal the sick;" just vise versa. But Jesus Christ died under God's command. "He was wounded for our transgressions. With His stripes we were healed." And it's the personal property of every believer to believe this. Now, I did not come to you to deceive you. I come here because of the Bible. I come to preach it to you. And God is here to make sure that you understand it, by performing the signs that the Bible said He would.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Mark 2:7 Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?

Luke 5:21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?

```
**6** I believe that He is just as much healer today as He was then. The Bible said that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If He was able to heal in that day, He is able to heal today; and if there is a tomorrow, He will be healing tomorrow. If He saved from sin yesterday, He will save from sin today, and save from sin tomorrow. But all this was appropriated at Calvary. There's where the whole problem was settled.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**7** Now, if Jesus has risen from the dead, as we're taught in the Bible... Now, the Bible is either right or it is not right. The Bible says that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, if that is right, then He's the same in principle, same in power, same to save, same to heal. He will do today the same that He did yesterday in all of His power, all of His works, for He is not dead; He has risen from the dead. And before He died, here's the statement He made: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; and he that believeth not shall be damned." That's usually as far as the minister goes. I am quoting from Mark 16. But here's what Jesus said: "These signs shall follow them that believe; in my name they shall cast out evil spirits." And other great signs He gives: laying hands on the sick, and they would get well. The first two or three decades of the Bible ... after the Bible was written, them signs followed believers. Then after the second or third round of apostles, they began to denominate the churches, break up the brotherhood, like lodges. They began to cut out different things from the gospel, till they've cut all of it out, mostly now.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**8** I declare to you tonight that the Bible is just as sacred and true tonight as it was anytime. I am ready to trust my soul and life upon any phrase of it. I believe it. It's inspired. And when Jesus was here on earth, you understand that He didn't claim to be some great person could do whatever He wished to do. He said in Saint Mark 5:19, Jesus said, "I can do nothing in Myself. First, the Father shows me; and what I see the Father doing, that does the Son likewise." So, it was a vision, that God showed His Son what to do. Search the Scriptures tomorrow, see if any prophet, or at anytime, if ever they went out and professed that powers was in themselves. No, never. God always gave vision on what to do. Jesus, when He was here, He looked out into the audiences of people; and those that had faith, He declared that their faith had healed them.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**9** When they come to Him on His prayer line, He would know what was wrong with them. And He said, "Now, these things that I do shall you do also, even more than this shall you do for I go to My Father." He said, "A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet ye shall see Me." Now, notice, He designated two classes of people. One of them was called the world, or unbeliever; they will never see Him no more. And then He's got some ye's. He said, "Ye shall see Me." That's believers. For, He said, "I will be with you, even in you, until the end of the world." Doesn't that make Him the same yesterday, today, and forever? He is here in the form of the Holy Spirit. We are living in a wonderful day. We're living in the day just before the second coming of the Lord Jesus. I am not saying this to scare you. Your heart be right with God, it's a joy to you to know that He will come.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**10** When Jesus comes the second time, you'll never see another cripple. All the old men and old women will be turned back to young men and women again. Death is what put old age on you like it is. I only wish I could speak your language; how I would love to show you that in the Scripture. Under an interpreter, it's very hard, it's double time. I hope you understand. I put my trust in the Lord Jesus, that He will send His Holy Spirit tonight and will prove to you that I have told you the truth. Now, listen closely. (The boy put a sign here, said they did give out some prayer cards, so we will have a prayer line, then.)

**11** Now, I want to ask you something. I am a stranger, in one way, to you. I come from thousands of miles away. I come by invitation. I was invited. In my own nation, in my office the other day, there was four hundred major cities calling; Africa, and all over the world. I am here because that I feel that I could help you to love the Lord Jesus. I do not believe that there's any person in here normally, sanely that would want to die and go to a place of punishment, hell. You all want to go to heaven, every one of you. If I wasn't here for the good heart... I never come to take money. I do not take money. I never come for popularity. I come because the love in my heart for you, of God. And I know that some day, at the judgment seat of God, I'll have to give an account for what I say.

**12** Preference to me, I would be home tonight with my wife and two little girls. And there was thousands of places to be preaching. I just closed a ten-day revival, with forty-two thousand people attending. Do you see I am here to help you? Now, if Jesus... If I have represented Him correctly... And traveling across the world I find heathen gods, the people worship. Now, you're perhaps sitting here, Catholic, Lutheran, Baptist, Pentecostal, and many other different denominations. But in the general field, you're all worshipping the same God. Now, there is religions in the world called Mohammedans; they don't believe in Jesus as Christ. There is Buddhists, Sikhs, Jains, many hundreds of different religions.

**13** Just recently, in Africa, there was thousands there, was packing idols in their arms, sprinkled with blood. Are they sincere about it? Way more than we are, calling ourselves Christians. Over on the Ganges River, little mother taking their little black babies and pitch them into the alligators, to eat their sacrifice to their gods. That's a little more than Christianity would do ... I mean, a little more sincere. In India they lay on spikes, walk in fire. In China they break their feet, split their tongues, and many things. They disguise themselves, with cuts, and so forth. After it's all these many things that represents God, yet the Christian religion is the only true religion in the world. They only worship idols. They have a bible to it, but there's no life in it. You take the Holy Spirit out of Christianity, we haven't got no more than they have. All their founders is dead and buried, but Jesus raised from the dead. He said, "I will never leave thee nor forsake thee. I will be with you." And He is tonight, in the power of His resurrection. I know, and I want you to believe.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Hebrews 13:5 Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**14** Now, to as many is here, if the Lord Jesus will come and anoint us, and will do the same things that He did when He was here on earth, will you accept Him as your Saviour and Lord? And will join some good church, and live for Him the rest of your days? If you'll promise the great God of heaven that, will you raise your hand? Thank you. Are you hearing all right tonight? Can you hear over here? If you can, wave your hand. Can you hear? Now is this a lot better? If it is, wave your hand. It's just in the middle. Now, just a moment. Now, on my right-hand side if you can hear both of us all right, wave your hand. Now, thank you. Now, on the left-hand side, can you hear he and I both? If you can, wave your hand. Now, in the center. Thank you. Now, all in the center that can hear both of us wave your hand. Thank you. That makes it better.

**15** The brethren have been working here, I think, all day on that. Just running into a country like this, and perhaps not use to setting up, the brethren, of a meeting of this type, it's hard. And I am sure that you all will help me. Now, watch this way... They don't hear? What say? They don't hear it? All right, let's see. Let us turn over this way. Is that better? Raise your hands. That is better. All right. Now, they'll be working on it again tomorrow. It's things that we cannot help here. And I certainly want to thank you all, with all my heart, as a Christian brother, to you, for cooperating with us and sticking by us in these times of trouble. And they're doing all they can to make it right. If the crowds grow to the end of the week, I will ask them to get the stadium. I think the acoustics are better there. God bless you.

**16** Shall we pray. Dear Lord, help us now. We need Thee so much, and we pray that You will help us in these matters. We want all Your children to hear the Word. And make it plain to them, Father. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Now, if everyone will be on the alert and just tarry for a few moments longer... Now, if Jesus is here tonight, and if He will show Himself here at the platform, will you then... What He does here at the platform, that's what He wants to do out there. Now, when He's doing something here at the platform, now, it is not the sign that it has to be done to everyone. Do you understand, my Christian friend? The only thing this is to do is to let you know that Jesus is here. He knows every one of you. He sent you all the food that you ever eat. And if He'll do something to show that He is here, then you accept Him. If you will do that from your heart, this whole row of sick people will go out of the building tonight, well. I cannot do it myself. I can only represent Him. It's your faith in Him. Jesus said, "Thy faith has made thee whole."

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

Luke 17:19 And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole.

```
**17** Not, "He that made them whole"; "their faith made them whole." When Nathanael came to Him, and Jesus had never seen him. And He said, "There is an Israelite in whom is no guile." If I was going to say it in Switzerland tonight, I'd say, "There is an honest man, which is a believer." And Nathanael said, "When did you know me, Rabbi?" It astonished him, how that that little man standing there, had never seen him before, would know that he was an honest man and a believer. He said, "When did you know me?" And Jesus said to him, "Before Philip called you, you were under a tree, praying." And then Nathanael said, "Thou art the Son of God, the King of Israel."

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**18** But what did the Jewish people say? "He's a great devil. He is Beelzebub. He's reading the people's minds," because they were afraid of their popularity in the church. Dear friend, I trust tonight that you'll take the place that Philip was in, and Nathanael. You'll recognize it's Him. After Jesus first raised from the dead, He walked with two of His disciples most of the day. Talked with them, and they didn't know Him. Christian, He's walked with you too, many times and you don't know it. But when they invited Him in, the doors shut behind them, then Jesus done something that He alone did it that way. And those disciples realized that that was Jesus. And He vanished out of their sight. How many has ever read that scripture? Raise up your hand. That is fine.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 24:15 And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.

Luke 24:16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.

Luke 24:30 And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them.

Luke 24:31 And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.

```
**19** Now, if Jesus tonight... Won't you invite Him in, into your heart, and see if He doesn't do something just a little different than the ordinary man does? And then accept Him, and you'll be made well from your sin---that's unbelief. Unbelief is the only sin. You just ... you just do evil because you do not believe. You do good because you do believe. Either faith or unbelief. What cards did you give out? B? The boys had just said they gave out prayer card B. Now, each one that has a prayer card, take it out in your hand, look on it. You'll find a letter B. Now, last night we had A. And tonight they have B.

**20** Now, who has prayer card B-1? Raise up your hand. B-1? All right. Prayer card B-1. Up here, up in the audience. All right, B-1, come right here. Prayer card B-1. I will just call them one at a time, then there's no confusion. All right, B-1. And now, while that one is coming, let me speak to you just a moment. All right. Now, our Lord Jesus, being here ... and now what if someone come on the platform where the Lord Jesus was? And what if someone ... if someone say, "Could you heal me, Jesus?" What would Jesus say? I want to ask you a question. Would He say, "Yes, I can heal you?" He'd say, "No. I did that nineteen hundred years ago when I died for you." Is that number one, number one? Now B number 2, would you stand up and come forward? All right. Number 3, B-3, B-4, B-5, raise up your hand and wave your hand so we can see it. B-6, raise up the hand. B-7, raise up the hand. Friends, if you do not want to come in the prayer line, do not accept a prayer card. There cannot be exchange one to another. You must come and receive your own card, and hear instructions. You cannot take it out to someone else. You must hold your own card. Do not change it with anyone. It would be turned back at the line. You must hold your own card. Everyone can have a card.

**21** Now, number 8-B number 8, number 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 25. I think that's about as many as we can stand in the line at one time. To you sitting here, come in early tomorrow afternoon, have your loved ones; come early to get you a prayer card, to be prayed for. Now, you would go to the doctor's office anytime of the day, why not come and see Jesus? Our beloved doctors has probably done all they can do, now you must trust Jesus. Now, how many in here that's sick and does not have a prayer card and wants Jesus to heal you? Raise up your hand. Thank you. Just about two thousand or more. Now, every one of you wants to be well tonight, then listen to me as His servant. I tell you the truth. You don't look to me; look to who I am talking about, Jesus Christ, the Son of God. You look to Him. And while you're doing that, you start praying out there and say, "God, confirm my faith tonight. And if Brother Branham will turn around and tell me what I have done in my life or something another the reason I can't be healed, or what I should do, I'll accept it."

**22** The reason I say that, Christian friends, He told me that night while He was standing by me... And it is the truth. It's declared all around the world. I am a poor man and without education. But, when I was born, my forefathers were Catholic, come from Ireland. And when I was born, there was Light, a big Light hanging over the little crib bed I was born in. My father and mother mostly fainted, and all my life it has been with me. I did not go to church until I was about twenty-three years old. He would lead me, though, and tell me things that was going to happen. And then one night while I was praying, here come this Light in, and there was a great man walking in the Light. Dark hair down to His shoulders, smooth face, a white robe on, His arms folded like this, and He told me... I was scared, at the time, and He said, "Do not fear."

**23** I'd heard that voice since I was a little boy, but I had never seen it before. I'd seen it in forms like whirlwinds, when He's talking. He said, "I am sent from the presence of God to tell you that you're to pray for sick people. To all the world, you'll be sent, and great miracles will take place." Said, "Get the people to believe you, and then be sincere when you pray, and no disease can stand before your prayer." I said, "Sir..." Now, it was not a vision. The man was standing there, just as real as I'm standing here. I know what vision is; this was not vision. And he said... I said, "Sir, I dwell among my people." I said, "I am uneducated. I could not go." He said, "You'll be praying for kings and monarchs." And I have. I've prayed for four different kings; great signs and wonders. And I said, "They will not believe me, Sir."

**24** He said, "As Moses the prophet was given a sign to prove to Israel that he was sent by Me, so is there be signs given you." Said, "You'll know the people's diseases, what they have." And said, "If they won't believe that, you'll know the very secret of their heart." I said, "That's what's always puzzled me; my minister brothers said it was wrong." And He spoke straight then. He said, "As it was in the first coming of Jesus, so is it at the second. The ministers did not know their day of visitation." Then He referred to Scriptures in the Bible, to show that that's what Jesus did. He said, "I will be with you." I said, "I shall go." And I went.

**25** There's been tens of thousands, and thousands of people saved and healed. If I die tonight, and this is my last night on earth, my words has been truth. The scientific world has took the picture of it. We have it here. And it's proved here at Washington, DC, the Hall of Religious Arts, the only supernatural being that was ever photographed with a machine. Then, the church knows it, over the world. Open your hearts, and you shall see, too. Our Father, we ask Thee now to be with thy humble servant, and give grace in the eyes of the people, that they might know that you are Jesus Christ, the Son of God, and I am your servant. In Jesus' name. Amen. (Now, now, just be alert.)

**26** It is very hard, this part of the service through an interpreter. I cannot wait for him to interpret. It is anointing. I don't even know where I'll be; to see visions. Please be real reverent and do not leave your seats, and look this way. They won't let me stay too long. Believe with all your heart. Now, here stands a man before me. I have never seen him in my life. We are strangers one to another. If that is right, sir, raise up your hand. Now, if Jesus Christ, who is present now, and the man himself knows that there's something going on. He knows that he is in the presence of something besides his brother. If that is so, raise up your hand, sir. I wish the audience could be standing in this presence. That Light that they speak of, is now settling between me and the man. It's the same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. Now, if God will reveal this man... Now, if the man was standing here before Jesus, and He was wearing this suit that He gave me, and you would say, "Jesus, I want you to heal me." Jesus would say to you, "I did that when I died." He'd say, "Do you believe this? All of salvation for healing and salvation was done at Calvary."

**27** The reason I am talking to you is the same reason that Jesus talked to the woman at the well: until He found her trouble. Then He told her her trouble, and it would ... depends on what she thought about it, whether she'd get over it or not. Will this audience, if God will reveal what that man is here for, will you believe right then with all your heart that I've told you the truth about Jesus Christ? If you do, raise your hand. Will you, along here? This is one of your brethren, and I know him not. But now, the man is beginning to move from me. The man is moving from me, and he's got a trouble, and that is in his side. It's a cancer. It's a death, killer. And he's been to examination. And the examination showed that the cancer has gone from his side, also into the liver, and he is in a dying condition. That is true. It's cancer. Now, do you believe that God... That is true. If that is, raise your hand. Do you believe now?

**28** Now, there's nothing could be hid from Him. Whatever that voice was, speaking just a few moments ago, it wasn't your brother. It was Jesus Christ using my voice. Now, it depends on the man's approach to that, what he thinks about it, will determine what he receives from it. If there is a power here that knows you, knows your condition, and you know that's true... If you believe that to be Jesus Christ, then if He is still present... These signs shall follow them that believe: if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall get well. Do you believe that? Come forward. O great God of heaven, may Thy mercy rest upon this man. Give him the healing of his body, when I this ... and condemn this cancer, that he might go from here happy and joyful and can praise God and be healed, in the name of Jesus. Amen. Now, there is a different feeling. It's gone. That's right. The cancer is dead. Go, God be with you. Have faith in God. What is cancer? What is tumor? It's a life. It's not your life. It's a life of a devil, taking your life.

**29** Now, the lady who stands before me is a stranger. We cannot speak each other's language. I've never seen you. And I only say these words by the Holy Spirit, as He come between us, and know what is going on. If that is true, raise your hand. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe that that feeling that you have now is of God, that you're standing in His presence? Then look on me. I see a great building and it's a hospital. A woman, gray hair, has been operated on the breasts. And cancer on the breast. The doctors was in the room, had things over their face, then you were sent from the hospital. And now you go back to another doctor, and there found another cancer on the other breast, and a chance of losing the other breast unless God does something. Do you believe that God will heal you?. Dear heavenly Father, death has come upon our sister. And your beloved servants, the doctors, has did all they could do, but they have failed. The devil has hid from them. Oh, help just now, dear God, for it is written in Thy Word, "In My name they shall cast out devils." Then, old Satan, who is called cancer, you might have hid from the doctor and from his knife, but you can't hide from God. Come out of the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go, rejoicing. Report to us, the end of the week, your conditions, how they come on. You are ... you're going to... Remember, if He knows what was in your life, He knows what will be. You're going to feel real different, real good. In three days, seventy-two hours, you'll get real sick then, real sick, but don't be weary. Keep testifying of your healing. God will be with you.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**30** The Lord be praised. And the people said, "Praise the Lord." God loves to be worshipped. The lady is a stranger. That is right. I know nothing of you. More I would talk to her, the more the Lord Jesus would reveal. But for the sake of those who are standing in the line, if God will tell me what you're here for, will you believe Him as your healer? Then be reverent, while I go to meet Him for you. You have examination by doctor. They're wanting to operate on you. And you have a trouble in the stomach, and in the liver. You have gall bladder trouble. And the doctor wants to operate, and you don't want to go under the operation. And that is why you are here. And you have ... you have prayed that you would get an opportunity to come to this... You were in a room when you prayed for this; and when you was called, you were happy, real happy. That is true. Your faith has saved you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I cast out this enemy that makes you sick, in the name of Jesus ... in the name of Jesus. Keep praying.

**31** Do you believe? Please do not get up. You're disturbing. Do not get up. It is very irreverent. Do you believe the Lord Jesus will make you well? You suffer with something in your side. It's a growth. It's in your left side. You're afraid it's cancer. You come for me to pray for you, that it would leave you and go away. That is true. Oh, Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, send Thy blessings upon this woman, in Jesus' name. Amen. Go, and God's peace upon you. Do you believe with all your heart? If Jesus Christ is living tonight... I could not heal you; I'm just a man. And you may not even be here for healing. You might be here for something else. I have no way of knowing. But Jesus, who is true, will know, and it'll be perfectly right. Then, if that be so, just believe. You have heart trouble, and you are to have an operation. And that's to be for gallstones [unclear words] . You want to be over it? Accept Jesus. And I'll lay hands upon her in the name of Jesus, that she may be healed. Amen. God bless you.

**32** Do you believe Him? Say, "Amen." What about you along here? Are you believing with all your heart? Do you know what? I'm sure this is mysterious to you. You don't get it. I am not calling you down, but you've never been taught the supernatural. You don't understand it. That same Light anointing on me, has played over that audience two or three times since I've been standing here, and you won't move to it. You should right now, every one of you, be on your feet, healed. He is here. You just have to accept it.

**33** Now, look at this woman standing here. Do you want to be well, lady? If God will let me know what's wrong with you, will you accept your healing? You got stomach trouble. Right. Then go eat, if thou believest on the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you. All right. The lady sitting right there looking at me, elderly lady. Look's like everyone could see that now. There's the Light hanging over this gray-headed lady sitting there. She suffers from arthritis. Raise up, lady. The elderly lady sitting here in front. If thou canst believe! The lady got your blessing, just behind you. The Saviour ... made whole. See, you miss it. You forget, friends. I want you to get this; you grieve the Spirit of God. Look this way, and be alert. Forget your traditions. The Lord Jesus is here. Can't you recognize that? You would be spiritually dead. I'm not speaking harsh to you, but I'm trying to get that spirit of unbelief away from you.

**34** Do you want to get over that asthmatic condition? Raise up your hand, in front here. Now, go, way rejoicing, thanking God, praising God. Go. Amen. Oh, what's the matter with this church? My people, if this is in Africa, if this would be in America, if this would be in Sweden, these people would be raising out of wheelchairs and everything walking away from here. You haven't been taught right by your pastors. You don't realize that this is the presence of Jehovah God. Do you want to get over that stomach trouble? Raise up your hand. You believe Jesus? Do you accept your healing? Go home and eat. Amen. God bless you. Do you believe? Do you want to get over the heart trouble? Then go on the road rejoicing, and the Lord bless you. Amen. Let's say, "Thanks to God." Watch. Lady, you have a spirit of blackness around you. It's the spirit of death. You have cancer. You want to be well? Raise your hand and accept Jesus. He's present. In the name of Jesus Christ, I rebuke that demon called cancer. Leave the woman. Come out of her. Go, rejoicing, giving God praise. Amen.

**35** Do you believe? Lady sitting there with that little boy, do you believe me to be God's prophet? The little boy suffers with epilepsy. That is right. Raise up your hand. Now, you see God is true, and in the Name of Jesus Christ, may it leave the boy. Go, believing. Let us say, "Amen." Do you wish to be over the stomach trouble, and lady's trouble, too? Go home and eat. Jesus makes you well. God bless you. God bless you. Doest thou believe that you're in the presence of Almighty God? in His servant? You have a nervous trouble, makes your heart beat when you lay down. That's right. It's not ... it's not heart trouble; it's nervous heart. Go on your road rejoicing, accept Jesus and be well. In Jesus' name. That's right. God bless you. Have faith. Just a minute, there is a deaf spirit near. Here it is, on the man right here. Everybody bow your head, and do not raise your head till you hear me speak. For, he can... It's a deaf spirit, and we have to get it to leave him. So, if you don't want to go deaf, don't you raise your head or look this way till you hear my voice.

**36** Praise God, Jehovah, I am here, a stranger, Lord. But Thou art God, Thou can do all things. Now, I come to Thee reverently, and I pray that You'll make this deaf spirit leave this man. The devil has did this, so he'd step before a vehicle and be killed before his time, but Thou art here to receive him. Oh great God, hear my prayer, and make this evil leave him. And as I come to You as a humble servant, and ask in the name of Jesus, now, thou deaf spirit, I adjure thee by the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, to come out of him. (Tell them to keep their head bowed.) Sir, do you hear me now? All right. Raise your heads. Listen to this. (Sir, you're healed.) Raise your heads. The man is healed. Listen, "Hello." Sir, give God praise. You are healed. Go on your road, rejoicing. Is this the woman? Lord, may Thy spirit be upon this woman, and make her to be whole. In Jesus' name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Go, and may Jesus Christ make thee [unclear words] . Praise the Lord, God that's in heaven, all power be given unto Him.

**37** Just a moment. Here is a ... this woman deaf, too. Bow your heads. Dear God, upon this woman I pronounce blessing. Let Thy mercy come to her. And I pray that You'll make her well. This I ask in Jesus' name. Grant it. Amen. The lady, in her eyes, is going bad. Come out. Do you seem all right? Do you see my hand? See my fingers? Can you count my fingers? You see my hand? See my hand over here? Now put your hands on ... your finger on my nose. You are healed. You are restored. You had hardening of the eyeballs, and they were going blind. Just like a string around my hand, it'd make my hand go dead. Just like a deaf spirit. You can't understand ... the doctor can't understand why. The nerves just went dead. The only thing he can work on is what he can see or feel. He knows the nerve is there, but he don't know why it died. The Bible said it's a spirit, a deaf spirit, a blind spirit, and it cuts off circulation. And when the string is released, you know it's getting better, 'cause the spirit is gone from it. Now, you can see better. Isn't that right? Raise up your hand. If you hear me good, raise up your hand. Now, go on you way, rejoicing, be made well.

```
Mark 9:17 And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;

Mark 9:25 When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.

```
**38** Do you believe? Do you want to be healed? You have heart trouble. You want Jesus to make you well? Just go, and Jesus make you well. Do you have faith? Do you believe? How about out in the audience? Do you believe out there? Look this way. Look this way. Believe. It looks, to me, that you can see that. Can't you see that Light circling right here? It's hanging over this little boy here, about sixteen years old, that's sitting right on the end; he's having headaches. Right there. That is right, young man. Yes. You believe? If you do, stand to your feet. Raise up. Your faith has healed you. God bless you Amen.

**39** Look this way. Believe. I see a lady; the Light's hanging right over her. It's the same Jehovah God that led the children of Israel. She is suffering with a growth in her stomach. She has been to hospitals, and they have turned her down. They can't operate on her, because she has high blood pressure. Do you believe, lady? And will you accept it with all your heart? Then give God praise and glory. That's it, lady. Stand up to your feet. Jesus Christ maketh you whole. It is all over these people here. Do you believe? Here is the time that every one of you can be healed. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe I've told the truth? Do you believe that God is here? Then do what I tell you. While the Spirit of God is here, lay your hands on one another. Put your hand on one another. Lay your hands on one another. Be ready. This is the time you're going to see great things.

**40** Almighty God, in the name of Jesus, the devil is exposed. And Jesus Christ lives and reigns, and You have the victory here in this prayer line. And as Your servant, I condemn and rebuke every devil. Thou devil of doubt, come out of these people. I adjure thee, in the name of Jesus, come out of them. Every one of you raise to your feet. Stand up, everywhere. Jesus Christ makes you well.
