---
Date: 1955-08-18
Title: Blind Bartimaeus
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 1 hour and 16 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Blind Bartimaeus



**1** Good evening, friends. I'm so happy to be here tonight, in the name of our Lord, to serve the Lord Jesus, and enjoy this marvelous fellowship with you people. I am very sure that you have appreciated Brother Bosworth's message. He is a very fine teacher. And I was so glad to have him to teach tonight. Now, I will just speak a few moments. And just in order to kind of feel the spirit of the people. I'm sure you all understand what I mean. And then we'll start praying for the sick. At this time, I wish to have some Scripture read: Saint Mark, the tenth chapter, forty-sixth verse, unto fifty-two. The interpreter will read now. [The interpreter reads the Scripture.] And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging. And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me. And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee. And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus. And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight. And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

```
Mark 10:46 And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.

Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Mark 10:50 And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.

Mark 10:51 And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

```
**2** Shall we bow our heads for prayer. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee, tonight, for Thy great love to us. We are unworthy, but we come because we have been bidden to come. And we pray that You'll receive us tonight. Bless Thy Word, save Thy people, heal the sick, get glory out of the service. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, just to speak to you a few moments about this blind man at Jericho. I wouldn't try to add to what Brother Bosworth has said. But I just want to speak to you for a few moments, and then we'll start praying for the sick. Before I speak, I would like for everyone to understand that in healing now, that it isn't anything that I do that causes you to get well. It isn't necessary that I lay my hands on you. It isn't necessary that I pray for you. It's necessary that you believe Jesus Christ healed you when He died for you. Do you understand? Say, "Amen."

**3** My ministry is not to lay hands on people. It's to let the people see that Jesus has raised from the dead. And He's here, and He loves you. Now, Brother Bosworth, many other ministers, they preach the Word. And, through the Word, you believe. And then when I was put in the world, I was given a gift. That gift brings God in view of everyone, so you can see, you understand, that something supernatural is moving with the people. Then you're not to ... for me to pray for you then, it's for you to believe that He's here. You understand now, do you? It's your faith that touches Him. And that's when you're healed.

**4** It is true, that when we join our faith together in prayer, why, it's a great result. I have never in my life, ever sincerely asked God for anything, that He either give it to me or told me why He couldn't give it to me. That's the truth. And I have been in the ministry twenty-three years. He is true. He is real. And if you'll ask Him sincerely, remember, He has promised to answer if you would believe Him. And when you see Him doing something supernatural, then you believe it. And look up with your heart and say, "I believe it, Lord. That means me." And then God will answer you. And then you're healed. And everybody can be healed at once. See, if God could... Do you believe that God could save everybody in here tonight if they were sinners, and if everybody believed at one time? Jesus, at one time, would save every one of them. Do you believe that? Well, can't He heal the same way? Amen. It's a massive healing; there's where you see the glory come.

**5** In Durban, South Africa, I was praying, and something come to the platform: a man in such a crippled condition. A vision showed that the man was going to be well. And I asked the people if they would believe. They said, "Yes." A little boy, his little eyes crossed, and they come straight. When those people seen that, I offered prayer for over a hundred thousand, and it was estimated, twenty-five thousand healings at once. They piled up crutches, and wheelchairs, and cots, till it would take trucks to haul them away. What happened? They got in one accord. They said, "If we can see something that proves to us that the God you're talking about is true and living now, we'll believe it." And when they seen it, they wasn't speaking from their mind; they were speaking from their heart. They just got up and started out; that's what did it. Why, they ... most of those people didn't even know which was right and left hand. They had never seen white people before, some of them.

**6** And you people, one of the smartest nations in the world, surely you could believe. You know why? Our education hinders us lots of times. We have been taught everything. One teaches this, one this; it's contrary one to another. And the poor white people, and the people who lives in civilization, has got so mixed up, they don't know what to believe. Now, isn't that about the truth? You know it. What we need today, and the greatest healing we need today, is the healing of the body of Jesus Christ. His body, the body of believers that's been broke up by different denominations, and they differ one from another. They don't have love one for another. What we need tonight is a uniting together. All Christians shake hands, every denomination, then God will come down and visit us. Great signs and wonders will take place. Do you believe that?

**7** When I first went out into the ministry, with this type of ministry, why, I met a group of people. They were called Pentecostal, The United Pentecost. They were in America, and they said to me, "Oh, Brother Branham, you need to belong to us. We've been looking for this. Don't have nothing to do with the other group." Then when I talked to the Assembly church, they said, "You come with us, Brother Branham. Don't have nothing to do with the other side." Everyone said the same thing. Brethren, you know what I said? "I don't want to know neither side. Let me stand between you, put my arms around both of you, and say we are brethren." That's what we need. That's what the world needs. Then the church of Jesus Christ will move forward. God hasten the day till we can see it.

**8** This blind man at the gate of Jericho, who had many odds against him, because he was a beggar... And he sat by the gate. Many beggars them days, so his chances was very small of him finding a few coins, to take care of himself and family. Perhaps the first ... the man out, that had a coin to give, he gave it to the first beggar he come to. But this poor fellow was blind; maybe some that wasn't as bad off as him. I don't know just how long he had been blind, but maybe for a long time. But anyhow, he sat in a darkened world. My, that's a sad thing. That's one of the saddest sights, nearly, you can see.

**9** But let me show you a sadder sight: That man that has good eyesight, but the devil has blinded his soul, that he's a son of God. He's very bad off, very, very bad. That's the worst kind of blindness. I would rather be physically blind, than to be spiritually blind, anytime. This man was not spiritually blind, but he was physically blind. Let's think it was in a cold October afternoon, and the poor beggar hadn't found anyone to give him a coin this day. He folded his arms, with his little ragged coat on. And he slumped down by the wall, where the evening sun would keep him warm. Let's imagine he was studying while he was sitting there. I can imagine him say "Two hundred yards out yonder, the old polished cobblestones, many great men passed over these stones. That's the same stones that Joshua, the warrior, walked over, when he went around the walls of Jericho. That's the same stones, two hundred years ago, that Elijah and Elisha, with their arms around each other, walked down this same road. "But, oh, today, them days are gone. My priest tells me, says, 'The days of miracles is past. That was a long time ago.'"

**10** Oh, I can hear the blind man say, "If I could have only been here when Joshua come; if I could've only been here when Elijah come down the road, I would have throwed my robe, went out to that great man of God, and said, 'Great man of God, have mercy, and pray for me.' But, oh, it's too far. The priest says, 'There's no more miracles. The days of miracles is past. That's all in the past.'"

**11** It's so bad; they think the same thing today. Little did he know, just around the corner, come the Prince of all prophets, come the Lord of glory. Here He comes. There's usually a noise where He's at: screaming, "Hosanna"; others mocking Him. And when He got close, I can hear our old beggar friend: "What's all the noise about?" I can hear them say, "Be still. Jesus of Nazareth goes by." I can see him look up like he was trying to see. It's a lady that looks at him; she feels sorry for him. She said, "Sir, it's Jesus of Nazareth, the great prophet, that heals the sick." "Why, I never heard of Him," he said. "That's not the fanatic they're talking about?" "Yes." Then he jumps to his feet. "Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." And some of the men from the temple said, "Sit down. You make too much noise."

```
Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:35 And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

Luke 18:37 And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

```
**12** But he screamed again, "Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." Oh, he was two squares away. He realized that the only chance he'd ever have, was passing by him. He must get His attention. He must get an audition with Him, or he'd be blind always. I wish that would be the attitude of every person tonight: If you can only get the attention of Jesus. You say, "Brother Branham, how will I know when I get this audition?" When something begins to tell you in your heart, "This is the truth." That's Jesus talking to you. So just remember, when you attract His attention, He begins to talk back to you. Then raise; then thank Him like this blind man did. Oh, I feel so bad today when people try to make God something in a history. I want to ask you something: What good is a God of history if He isn't God today? What good is this Bible if it's something yesterday, if it ain't the same today? What good is a God of Moses if He isn't the same today? Hallelujah! He is God today. He's risen from the dead. He's here to prove Himself, that He's still the same God.

```
Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

```
**13** You say I have faith to believe, but you're afraid to let it loose. What good does it do a bird to have wings, if he isn't out of the cage? That's right; his wings doesn't do him any good. He's got to get out and throw his wings. In this church tonight, there's enough faith to heal every person here, but you're afraid to get out of the cage. Get out of the cage. Don't feed your bird more food. You can feed your bird ever such orthodox food; if you don't let him out of the cage, what good is it going to do him? That's right. It ain't your food; it's, turn Him loose. He's not a God of history, altogether. He's the same today. How can people claim Him to be something that was, and isn't now? When did our God lose His power? When was He ever any different? What's the use of talking about a Holy Ghost the apostles had, that helped and blessed people then, if He won't do the same today? I can't make sense out of it. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. [Gap in the audio.] Amen. He is, and He will evermore be Jesus Christ. Same God, we love Him.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**14** The Pharisees read the same Bible that the apostles read, but they didn't have faith to put into practice what they read. Every denomination today, reads the same Bible. But what I want to see: Somebody's got faith enough, that'll step out and take the word of it. Amen! That's what we need: Somebody to practice what they believe. Faith without works is dead. Doesn't do you any good to have faith. You say, "I believe that's the Bible." Well, if it is the Bible, it's got promises. And if you believe that's true, well, the only thing you have to do is to let your faith loose with it. Practice what you believe. Every bit's a seed. I was walking through your city today. I see you've got many fruit trees; that's very nice. Look at that fruit tree just a moment. That little fruit tree, when it was just a little bitty thing, no bigger than that, every apple that was ever on the tree, and ever would be on the tree, was on it when it was that big. If it wasn't, where did it come from? Where did the apples come from? You plant it, and it has to drink. And it drinks water. It drinks more and more. And more it drinks, it pushes out leaves, pushes out branches, pushes out blossoms, pushes out apples.

**15** And that's the way a Christian is. When you're planted in Christ, the only thing you have to do is go to drinking. It gets its vitamin out of water. And the Christian gets his vitamin from the Word. Then, you drink, drink more, and spread out, push out. Push out salvation. Push out through the Holy Spirit. Push out, till that crippled arm comes straight. Just keep drinking. Drink! Planted by the inexhaustible fountain of life. Jesus Christ is the inexhaustible fountain of life. Drink till you can't drink no more. Drink until you become drunken; that you forget all your theology, and believe God. And drink till you're well. And then just keep on drinking. Amen! God lives!

**16** Jesus, walking that road, yonder is Calvary before Him, in a few days. He set His face towards Calvary. That blind man's faith stopped Him. He looked way back, said, "Thy faith has saved thee." The crowd goes on down the road. The blind man stood there, saying, "How did that happen? Why," he said, "I can see." He kept looking. After awhile he could see his hand. When he began to see his hand, he started screaming. Down the road he went, "Dear Jesus." Screaming, giving God praise. What a wonderful testimony. I was reading a little story on him, here sometime ago. A little book said he had been blind for years. He was a married man. He had a ... he had a little girl. And so, one night, he would... He used to go up to the gates of the city, and he had... He was a beggar. And they said he had two little turtledoves. And they would do tumbles over each other, to entertain the passers by. And doing these little things would cause him to get a coin, where otherwise he wouldn't.

```
Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

```
**17** So one night, they said his little girl got sick, and he went out and prayed. And he said, "God, if you will let my little girl live, tomorrow I'll offer you my doves." So, his little girl got better. He offered his doves. Then he had nothing to attract the attention. Not long after that, his wife got sick. And in these days, a blind man is lead by a dog. You know what I mean: how the dog leads the blind. In them days, a lamb led the blind. And blind Bartimaeus was led by a lamb. And he said, "Lord, if You'll let my wife get well, I'll give You my lamb. That's all I have." So, the next day, why, his wife got well. He started up to the temple, to offer up his lamb. Caiaphas, the High Priest, and he walked out and he seen blind Bartimaeus. He said, "Oh, blind Bartimaeus, where goest thou?" He said, "I am going, O high priest, to offer my lamb that I promised God, for healing my wife."

**18** And so he said, "Blind Bartimaeus, you cannot offer that lamb." He said, "Here, I'll give you some money, and you go buy a lamb to offer." He said, "No, I promised God this lamb." Oh, if we'd only do that: keep our promise to God. When we tell Him we believe Him, let's mean it, for soul and body. And blind Bartimaeus ... I mean, Caiaphas, the high priest, he said, "Blind Bartimaeus, you cannot offer that lamb. That lamb is your eyes." He said, "O high priest, God will provide a lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes." Not long after that, one cold day, he heard a voice, said, "Thy faith has saved thee." God had provided a lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes. And, friends, God's provided the same Lamb for your eyes, your stomach, for all your sickness, and all your sin. Do you believe this? Shall we pray?

**19** Heavenly Father, I pray that your mercies be here tonight with us. Oh, [Gap in the audio] ... is worthy. There is none, not one. But, Lord, by Thy grace, that we look to tonight, You washed these sinner's souls and made us white. And we can stand in Your presence and ask what we will, and are promised that we shall receive. Will You send Your Holy Spirit now, and let it be upon thy servant? Do the same work tonight that You would do if You were here in a body of flesh, that the people may know that You have risen from the dead, and You're here. And may they all believe. And may there not be a feeble person left in the meeting when the service is closed. For we ask it in Jesus' name, Amen.

**20** I'm sorry to be late. Usually after the first night of those anointing, it catches me. And I ... it's kind of hard to talk. While I've been talking, it's been moving all through the building. I don't know whether the brother has that picture of it in here or not. I don't think so. No, it isn't. I don't think it's in there---the picture of the Angel of the Lord. It's a... The next time, when I come to Germany, I'll bring the picture of it. This is just a little stay this time. Just advertised along [unclear word] . I hope to have a meeting someday in Germany, sweep the whole nation, thousands be born again. May God grant it.

**21** What cards was give out? [Gap in the audio] ... here for your first time? Many. We are thankful for you to be here. While they're making the prayer line ready, I would like to ask the newcomers something: Jesus of Nazareth, when He was here on earth, did He claim to be a healer? No, He said, "It's not Me; it's My Father, that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the work." That is right. And He said that He could do nothing until the Father showed Him by a vision. In Saint John 5:19, Jesus said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." How many read that? Raise your hands, up in the back. Good. Then, it's the Bible. Jesus didn't do nothing, until He seen the Father do it. Now watch what He did. He could stand up on the platform, or wherever He was, and He would go to talking to people. He would know what their trouble was. Is that right? Say, "Amen."

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**22** He talked to a woman, at the well. He didn't know what was wrong with her. He started talking to her, and He carried a conversation. And when He found where her trouble was, He told her what her trouble was. And she said, "I perceive you're a prophet." She said, "I know when Messiah cometh, He'll do this, but who are You?" Jesus said, "I am He." Look. That was the sign of the Messiah. Is that right? That's what she said ... the Messiah, you see. When Philip went and found Nathanael, under a tree. And when he come up, why, He said, "There's an Israelite in whom is no guile." He said, "How did you know me, Rabbi? You don't know me. How did you know me?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw thee." Miles away. What did he say? He said, "Thou art the Christ, The Son of God." That is right, isn't it? All that believes that's truth, say, "Amen." Then, the Bible said, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Is that true? Jesus said, before He went away, "A little while and the world will see me no more (that's the unbelievers), Yet ye shall see Me (the believers), for I will be with you, I will be in you, to the end of the world." Is that the Scripture? Amen.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**23** And if He's raised from the dead, He isn't a historical God; He's a God present today, to do the same today that He did then. If He will do that tonight, will you accept Him and believe Him? God bless you. Shall we pray. Lord, have mercy, and help now, I pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, they bring the patients. Now, just a word with my interpreter. [Gap in the audio.] ... speaking to the interpreter, to give him instruction to catch my voice, because I don't know what I say. Everybody be real reverent now. And just be as quiet as you can. Keep close to your loved ones. Don't let your children get around. There's epilepsy here tonight, and that's what causes so much trouble. So, it's pulling hard against me. [Gap in the audio.] ... why I pray that you'll be quiet.

**24** Now, I turn to this woman, and it is another case tonight, like it was in the days of the Lord Jesus. Now, I am wanting to speak to you, lady, because that I am a stranger to you. Jesus Christ, He talked to the woman just long enough to find out what was wrong with her. And then when God told Him what was wrong, the woman recognized Him to be the Lord Jesus. It's very hard for me. I can't talk to you, only through the interpreter. So, it's hard for me to catch your spirit, but you must believe. If God will reveal to me what you've come to me for, will you accept Christ as your provider? If you will, raise your hand. Thank you. Will the audience, who is perfect strangers, if God will reveal to me what this woman's here for...? She is a perfect stranger, many years older. We've never met before in life. She's here for some purpose. I don't know. God knows that. But if God will reveal it to me, what she wants, well, will (You'll know it'll come supernatural.) will you believe it is the Son of God in the resurrection? If you will, say, "Amen."

**25** Now, while I look at the woman... Now, I wish you just to be... Don't think about what's wrong with you. Just think of Jesus. I just want to talk to you. But as I look at the woman... Now, interpreter, this is a vision coming. I see a hospital. The woman is fixing to go to a hospital. She's supposed to go right away, tomorrow. And she is... It's about her eye. That is right. Do you now believe? Do you believe? It's the same Lord Jesus, not me, that knowed what was wrong with the woman at the well. He's just saying this to you, so that everybody will have faith. Will you have faith now? Can I pray a blessing on our sister? Dear Heavenly Father, bless this woman who I bless in Thy name. And in the name of Jesus Christ, may my lovely sister be made well. Amen. God bless you, sister.

**26** Are we strangers to each other? We do not know each other, but God knows both of us. Audience, do you believe? Now you... It's something has happened, because the Lord Jesus' presence is here now. I wish you could all feel the way I feel. He's here. And someday, at the day of judgment, you'll find out that the Angel who has been talking, isn't standing two feet from where I am now, right here now. That is true. Just only believe now. What a difference you look now. Everything seems different. I am not a fanatic. I believe Jesus Christ and the Bible. What a lovely feeling!

**27** Here's a lady; I never seen her. We're strangers to each other. God knows her; He's fed her all of her life. And all she is, God gave her. Do you believe that Jesus Christ be the Son of God, lady? Do you believe that if God will let me know what you're here for, will you believe Him to be the Son of God, and I be His servant? If you will, raise up your hand. You have a heart trouble. That is right. And it's caused from a nervous condition. I see you coming from a hospital, where you was in a place for your nerves. That is true. Amen. Do you believe now? More I would talk to you, more I would look to you, more He would tell me. There's many others to be prayed for.

**28** But I see something coming before me now. You were very sick one time. You were paralyzed at one time, and now you can walk. That's right. You believe that you are healed now? You are. Your faith has saved you, standing right here. You're well now. God bless you. Praise be to the Lord Jesus! He is the same yesterday, today, forever. Be real reverent. Don't move. Don't move. Visions are coming over the audience. Oh, my lovely Lord, He is so good. I wish you all love Him. He's so good! Such a feeling of peace! I wish I could explain. But looks like all in the building, to me, real beautiful light.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**29** Bring the patient. Good evening, sir. God knows both of us. You're a stranger to me, but God knows you, and God knows me. And if God will let me know what you're here for, will you accept Christ as your provider for what you're asking? If you will, raise your hand. (Everyone, reverent.) The man seems to be moving from me. You are suffering with a headache, and you got a trouble in your heart, and your stomach. You eat and it doesn't do good. It hurts and swells up and causes gas to come up. That's coming from... That's caused from a nervous condition, for something that happened back in your life, something that you had done, long ago. That is true. You are a married man, and you have a wife. She lives today, but she isn't here. She is in another city. It's some kind of a place, like called Ham... Hamburg, or something like that. And she is older than you are, and she has got eye trouble. Those things are true. You believe Jesus will provide? May I have your hand? Oh, Jesus, Son of God! Be merciful, Father, and grant unto our brother every desire of his heart. May this be the day of his ... end of his trouble. In Jesus' name I pray. Amen.

**30** You believe? Every man should believe of what Jesus... You should believe Him with all your heart. He is so real, so good. Oh, how lovely! Lady, you look on me very earnestly. You're suffering with a nervous condition, sitting there in that row right there, the first row. Aren't you? Looking right here at me. The lady next to you has something wrong with her back. You believe with all your heart? You believe Jesus heals you? Then you can have your healing. You don't need a prayer card, you see; you'll get well, anyhow. Amen. God bless you. Have faith in God.

**31** Right over the lady, there is a lady ... there's someone has blood disease. You want to be healed? Will the lady there, that with her hand up. I want to ask you something. When I spoke to this lady, why, you said in your heart, "Oh, God, let him call me next." If that's true, wave your hand. I don't read your mind. God told me what you were praying about. Now, receive your healing. The blood has stopped. God bless you. Let us say, "Praise be to God." The great resurrected Lord Jesus, so wonderful! How good He is! The lady sitting on the end, right there, suffering with nervous trouble. Right back over behind ... the next lady, there's a light beside her. You believe Jesus make you well? Right back behind the lady on the end, there's a light standing by the lady, which is the Angel of the Lord. If you can believe, you can receive.

**32** Bring the patient. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe with all your heart. Don't move. I will speak tomorrow night... Evil spirits are moving through the building; you'll get them. Sit still. We're not playing church. The Holy Spirit is here. And stop thinking that, over there, "It's reading mind." I know that is wrong. God will hold you responsible. Remember, you're in His presence. Oh, praise be to God! You've come from somewhere else. You've come from the... You've been overseas or something, running water. You're from America, on the east coast of America. I see you in New York City, near where the great building is standing, lots of automobiles around the bottom. You are a minister. You speak English. And you are a ... you are a preacher of the Gospel. And you had a church called The Church of God. And you are a missionary; it's over here. Our first time of meeting. This is your boy. When I see him by... You have a wife. And you are suffering with something in your back. It's back here; it's kidney trouble. You got a kidney stone in the kidney. And your wife is sick, and she has something in her leg. It's varicose veins, and they're causing trouble with her heart. Those things are true. If they are, raise hand. Go now, believe. Jesus Christ makes you well... Amen.

**33** Do you believe? Have faith, don't doubt. Just believe with all your heart, and you shall receive what you've asked for. The lady sitting right there, second one from the end, from the row that's going this way: nose trouble, throat trouble, eye trouble. That's right. Go home, believe the Lord, and get well. Hallelujah! Do you have faith? That's all you need. Sitting right on the end of the row back here, this row that runs this way. The lady back there's got TB. Do you believe? If you can believe with all your heart, you can be well. Accept it, and be well. Amen. Only believe. Just have faith, and God will make all things right. This lady... Is this the patient? Is this the patient? Oh, here? Come. We're strange to each other; we do not know... The little lady sitting right back here, about in the middle of the rows, suffering with that rupture, praying for God to heal you. Stand up on your feet, and believe. You were praying, and asking God, "God, let him call me." That's right. Believe now. Your faith touches Him. Amen.

**34** I challenge, in the name of the Lord Jesus, for anybody to look and believe that I'm telling you the Bible truth, see what your faith will do in the sight of God. Hallelujah! He's the same Jesus, that the woman touched His garment, and He felt the virtue go out. He lives today. His promise is true. "The same things that I do, shall you do, to the end of the world." Amen! This lady, stranger. God knows you. I do not know you. I could talk to you; longer I would talk, more He would say. But if God will let me know what you're here for, will you believe? Amen. Now it's coming from all over the audience. Your faith is rising. Wonderful! This should convince you that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and always. Keep that up, there won't be any sickness left.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**35** If God will let me know---this strange woman---what's wrong with her... It might be financial trouble, domestic trouble. It might be sickness. It may be immorality. I don't know. God does know. But if Jesus of Nazareth will come here and do just the same as He did when He was here on earth, you ought to believe. Look, if He was standing here, wearing this same suit that He gave me, and what if the woman was sick, and He would say to her, "Woman, do you believe?" She'd say, "Yes." And she'd be sick. Could He heal her? No, He's already. He'd say, "Don't you believe what I did for you?" No man can forgive men of their sins or heal them of their sickness, for that has already been completed in Calvary's sacrifice. Amen.

**36** The little lady is in a dying condition. She has to find God immediately, or she'll die. A real darkness is over her. She's suffering with a cancer. Believe. Look this way. The cancer is in the female organ, lady's organ. Right. Doctor can do nothing about that now; it's all to God. That's right. He was honest with you; the man done all he knew. You believe me to be God's servant? Now, there's somehow, someway, that I know you. Now, your attitude towards that will determine your healing. I'm talking very long, because you must believe. May I tell you something else that you're not thinking of? You're a married woman. You have a husband. He needs healing, too, on his leg, and on his side. Now, now you believe, don't you? Now, go on your road. Amen. [Gap in the audio.] Believe! You believe that you're in His presence, sister? If I would ask God to heal you, would you believe it? Jesus of Nazareth, I pray that You bless this woman, and make her well, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**37** Don't doubt. Go believing, and you'll be made well. God bless her heart. I look at her, think of my own dear mother, tonight, way across the sea, praying for me. Somebody's mother. Believe. You believe me to be God's servant? Would you like to be healed? If God will let me know what's wrong with you, you believe Him? Your stomach; can't eat. You're a nervous woman; you've had it a long time, ever since you were a middle-aged woman, it come on you. You get real weak in the afternoon. Sometimes you sit down, you can't work no more. That is true. I bless you, my sister, in the name of Him who we're in presence of now, which is Jesus Christ. Oh, God, have mercy and heal this dear, loving woman, in Jesus' name I pray. Amen.

**38** Sister, Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall get well." He said that. You believe I'm a believer? You do? Well, then, there's something here that knows you, knows your life, and knows you since you were born; and speaking through my lips, telling me your life. You believe it's Jesus? Then go, eat your supper, be real happy; the stomach trouble leaves you. God bless you. Let us say, "Praise be to God." Dost thou believe, all your heart? Your trouble is in your back; it's kidneys. Do you believe that Jesus make you well? Oh, God, I pray in Jesus' name, that You heal this, my sister, for your glory. Amen. Go rejoicing. Hallelujah!

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**39** Now, do you believe? Now, look. Give me your attention, so that you won't think that it's mental telepathy or reading mind. I want to ask you something. Jesus perceived their thoughts. Is that right? Raise your hands if that's the Scripture. Jesus of Nazareth, He said... "He, perceiving their thoughts, said, 'Why reason ye among you.'" Is that right? Raise your hand. Amen. Now, look. Here's someone standing by me. I haven't looked at her. I don't know nothing about her. I'm going to ask the lady to lay her hand on mine. I am not looking at her. Now, this'll settle the question for you. I'm speaking now to the lady. If Jesus of Nazareth will let me know, while I look this way, what's wrong with you, will you accept your healing? If you will, raise up your hand.

```
Mark 2:8 And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?

Luke 5:22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?

```
**40** Will the rest of you in the audience, truly see that it's not reading your mind? I don't know ... I haven't looked at her. If God will reveal, and tell what's wrong with the woman, by a vision, looking this way, will it take all the skeptic out of your mind? If it will, say, "Amen." Let the lady be judge. The lady suffers with a lady's trouble, female trouble. If that's right, wave your hand. You believe now? You go home; you're well. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." All right, the next lady may do the same. The lady who stands now, is suffering with a blood disease called diabetes. If that's right, raise your hand. Raise it. You believe? Go believing. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Heart trouble, caused by nervousness. You believe you're going to get well? Amen. I believe it, too. Amen. Go; Jesus makes you whole. Come. Do you believe, my brother? Do you believe that if I would lay my hands on you, that your stomach trouble would go away from you? You do? In Jesus Christ's name, I ask for his healing. Amen. God bless you. Go believing.

**41** Every one of you can be healed. It could just go on for hour. What's the use of sitting there sick, any longer? Jesus is here. You believe it? Why, what more could He do? What else could He do? Now, have I found grace in your sight, through God? If I have say, "Amen." I tell you the truth about Jesus. Jesus comes here and witness it is the truth. Has he done it? Then you do what I tell you to do now. How many of you wants to be healed right now? Then you bow your head, and you say this same prayer that I say to you. Now you repeat it after me. Every head bowed.

**42** O God, I love Thee. I believe that Jesus Christ is Your Son. I accept Him as my Saviour, and as my healer. I now believe that You raised Him up from the dead, and He is here to comfort our hearts and to give us faith. And I now accept my healing. Through His stripes, I am now healed. I believe You, God. I shall testify the same. God be merciful, and let my faith never fail. Through Jesus' name. Amen. Now keep your head bowed. That was your prayer to God. That's your confession. You believe.

**43** Now, I'm going to pray for you. And I'm going to ask God, while I'm so weak I can hardly stand here. Someone is holding me up. My strength is gone. Your faith has drawed it out. Many people here are well right now. You'll know it. Yeah, after even I'm gone, you'll be telling people that your troubles left. Now, there's an evil one, a spirit of unbelief, will hang around; I'm coming to meet you, spirit, you devil. You cause people to disbelieve God's Word. But God has come, and He's broke your spell, and you're rebuked. You can't hold people in unbelief anymore. Jesus Christ has raised from the dead, and He's here now. I rebuke thee, Satan. Come out of here. Let the people go, in the name of Jesus Christ.
