---
Date: 1955-02-20
Title: The Second Coming
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Shriner Temple in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 32 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Second Coming



**1** Good evening, friends. I'm certainly happy to be here this afternoon, to greet you in this lovely big city in the desert, to be back in Phoenix. I've desired to come back here for this time. My boy said it's about five or six times that I've been in Phoenix, in my ministry. And that's more than I've ever been to any city. Any one, maybe, outside of Chicago and Shreveport, and in the whole United States. I've been to Phoenix, Arizona maybe more than I been in my own city where I was born and raised. [Unclear words.] It's my prayer to hopefully come back. [Congregation says, "Amen."] I appreciate that. They had to have the heater on, and, you know, it got a little bit cool, and I was sitting there sweating and had to get outside, and then go inside, and it makes it a little raspy for me, the heat. And I noticed this warm weather in the south, your blood thins up. And up in the north, why, it gets thick. And you just can't stand the heat like people can from the south. And there's only one of me and there was three of them, so it's better to have a little extra heat than make three of them get a cold.

**2** But I'll be all right. The Lord always provides for me. We're happy, very happy to be here today. My associates, Brother Moore and Brother Brown, have visiting clergymen with us, that come from Texas. And he'll perhaps, not already, but will introduce the businessmen and the rest of them to you. We're happy to be here with Brother Fowler and all the staff of fine ministers. And we just have to do it on the spur of the moment, because going to the west coast from here. And then I'm planning on going to Honolulu after that. So we wanted to stop in and say hello to our friends in Phoenix. And I aim to stay, about a ten- or eleven-day stay-over this time. Maybe we can get acquainted in that much time. I hope so. And the Lord will bless, we pray, in the services. And we're trusting that this will be our ... not ours, but the Lord's greatest time as we gather here in Phoenix, because of His presence ever being with us.

**3** I just heard that our beloved Brother Roberts was just passing through this city a few weeks ago, and you had a wonderful meeting. I'm so happy to hear that, that Brother Roberts was here, and the Lord give him a great meeting. He's a wonderful brother, a servant of God. And I believe where people meet together and pray, that God will honor his prayers and help the people. And so I know you've already been blessed by having of Brother Roberts being here, and the Lord being with him. And may we help share some of the blessings together. You're always a blessing to me, and I trust me to you. And now, the greatest thing that we have is this wonderful fellowship around the Word of God with each other, and seeing our Lord save the lost, bring back those who have wandered away from the path, and then ministering in healing of His sick and afflicted children. That's our purpose of being here, is to try to do what little that we have a knowledge to do with. We try to help along this pilgrim mission that we're here in the earth, to make life a little easier to live right and a little harder to do wrong. That's what our purpose is for: to see Jesus Christ receive the glory that's due Him among His people.

**4** Our meeting just doesn't only mean if some evangelist comes to the city, or a group of ministers get together. It means a revival begin in each heart, and a deep desire to go out among the community, and so forth, and have prayer with those who are needy, and bring the lost into the kingdom of God. And in the meeting itself, be inspired enough by the Holy Spirit, to go do such works. And not just one local church, but in every church through the community, just somebody, might be blessed by our being together. I'm sure that would be what our kind heavenly Father would want out of the meeting. And with God's help I'll do the best that I can, and I'm sure that you'll do the best that you can to make this what the Lord Jesus would want it to be. And we believe that He will do it.

**5** And now, this afternoon, it's the first time that I have ever come in like this to speak to people: the afternoon meeting at the beginning. Usually the manager, or some of them, introduces the policies and so forth, of the church in the first afternoon. But today it was my lot to come and do this. And most all of you have been in the meetings before, and you know the policy of the meeting, that we are not here to proselyte from churches. We're here as interdenominationals of brethren to represent the Lord Jesus Christ. And we want to see every church receive benefits from our being here. And everybody, no matter what church, or if you don't have any church at all, you're just as welcome as can be. And we trust that these pastors, that they will be blessed, that ministers will be inspired by the presence of the Lord Jesus in these meetings.

**6** And now, and then finally, we are not here to take up finances. I wish we didn't have to ask for one offering in the meeting. But just as soon as the... I never took an offering in my life; never in my life did I ever take any offering. But in my church, that I was pastor there, as a Baptist minister, for twelve years I never received one penny salary, but I always thought, Lord make me healthy, and I could work. So why not work and pastor. Now, that's not an example for every pastor, because, certainly a minister of the Gospel can't go out and work, and slave, and then come in and do his church justice; he's got to visit among his members, and so forth. And the little tithings and things from members and their offerings would certainly help take care of him. And I think the laborer is worthy of his hire. But in my case, I was working in conservation, and ... cause I like ... out in the woods. And I like to work public works.

**7** And offerings, we just ... we usually make a budget of how much the auditorium will cost us each day, and the expenses and budget and all, and see how much we have to have for each offering. As soon as that's taken up, I asked that the managers, all times, stop taking offerings as soon as the expenses is paid, that that would be enough offering. And then at the end of the offering ... or, at the end of the services, rather, they usually give me a love offering. And I wish I didn't have to have that. But I have a family, and I have to have my expenses, whether I minister or not, runs around a hundred dollars a day, in my office work and so forth. And I pay my help. And at the end of the services, if there isn't enough to take care of the expenses that hasn't been met, without begging and pulling on the people... I just absolutely refuse to do that. I don't believe in that. Someone said, "That's the reason you're poor, as much as you are." Well, I'd rather do that and have favor with God, than to do it the other way, and budget. If it doesn't make it, then I will give my love offering for it. Then, if we don't have it then, we'd have to borrow it, and have the bank ... would let me have as much as five thousand dollars at a time at a low rating. And they love me, so they'd trust me to do it. And I'm thankful for that. And so far, by the grace of God, we have never had to do that. And I believe with all my heart that it suits God to be honest in my heart with God and His children, I'll never have to do it. Let's say God will provide. And we want to keep that spirit always before the people.

**8** And our meetings are not big ... great big where we have to have thousands a night. I don't have any radio broadcasts, television, any of these things, printing papers and so forth, so it don't take very much. And I can minister to the people, as many as I can, in the little meetings. And that's the way I'd just rather keep it like that. And so I can visit the people and do the best that I can to help. Knowing this, that each day I'm getting older. And someday I've got to stand in His presence to give an account for my stewardship here on earth. And with all my heart, the words that I desire to hear Him say that time is, "Well done." And it'll be over then. And I want to meet every one that I've ever ministered to in His name here on earth, plus the millions and millions that others ministered to.

**9** And now, we have been, in the services... We had service in Lubbock, Texas, just a few days ago, where we had a wonderful meeting. The western people is always so nice to us, as well as the eastern. And at Lubbock, we just had an outstanding meeting in the presence of the Lord. And so we... These short meetings... Usually for my ministry is not that I am a divine healer. Anyone knows that. I think people that's really thinking, mentally right, knows that there's no man is a divine healer. That lays in God alone. And I never did receive any power to heal sick people, and if others think they did, well, then I hope and trust that that is the truth. I would like to see our Lord Jesus come down and give people power to heal the sick. But I don't think He ever did do it. And even Himself, He didn't claim to do it, so I doubt if He ever will do it that way. He said Himself that He wasn't a healer. He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father. He's the One that does the works." He said, "I can do nothing in Myself. But what I see the Father doing, that I do also." In other words, He just acted in drama what the Father showed Him to do. And that's the way it is now. I just ... could be.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**10** And, when He shows me anything, I want to be obedient to Him and tell the people just what He told me. So, and ever seen the time... If you ever see it that it isn't with the Word of God, or some error to it, well then, I'm wrong. No matter what it is, it's wrong. It's got to be the Bible. I believe that in the Old Testament, they had the prophets, dreamers, seers, so forth. But they had a way of proving those things of whether they were right or not. If a dreamer dreamed a dream, or a prophet prophesied, and it didn't ... the lights didn't flash on the Urim Thummim, which was on Aaron's breastplate, the supernatural answered back that it was true, no matter how sincere the person seemed to be, it's wrong. And I think after the doing away of the Urim Thummim, as on Aaron's breastplate, I believe this is God's Urim Thummim today, is His Word. If a dreamer dreams a dream, or a prophet prophesies according to the Word, his being in the Word, then I think that would probably be that the person was mixed up. I believe that this is God's foundation plan for salvation. And all the attributes that follows His death, burial, and resurrection is laying in the Word of God. And so far, I've never seen it yet in the meeting, that I know of, anything that was ever said unless it wasn't backed up by the Scriptures.

```
Exodus 28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.

```
**11** Now, it might not fit the theology of different churches, but just look at it, listen a little while, and you'll find out that it may be backed in the Scriptures. And Jesus, when He came on earth, His ministry certainly didn't fit with the theology of that day, so much that they thought He was a mind reader, or because He perceived their thoughts. And He had the supernatural work that... Well, they finally said He was of the devil, a Beelzebub. And it didn't fit with their teaching. But it did fit with God's Word. The Bible said so. They just hadn't read it in that light. And this Scripture, Jesus tells us so often... And every Scripture, perhaps, has a compound meaning to it. I don't know whether my brethren... I guess you have at some time realized that. For instance, in Matthew 3, where it said there that it is written about Him that said that "Out of Egypt I have called My Son,"--Matthew quoting the Scripture that they used in the Old Testament, out of Egypt, God had called His son. You read in the margin reading it actually refers back to calling Isaac ... Israel out of Egypt, but also Israel was His son, and also Jesus was His Son. So the same Scripture was applied twice: "Out of Egypt I have called My son." And many other places in the Bible.

```
Hosea 11:1 When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.

Matthew 2:15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.

Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

```
**12** And we believe that it's the promises, and we have a repeat today... And I go around many Orthodox, Methodists, Catholics, and Pentecostals, and all together, on these things. We've tried to draw a line, because of a man's doctrine of his church. We believe this: that every person that's borned again of the Spirit God, are sons and daughters of God, regardless of what church they go to. And little segregations, and so forth, that they have because of denominational barriers, we try to overlook them, and stand right in the breach. I have since I started. And I left the Baptist church to do that, and come and stood in the breach and said, "We are brethren. Let us come together." We can't agree upon many doctrines and so forth. There's no two women could, perhaps, agree upon the same way to keep a house. So, if they can't agree, brethren, how much more to us, in keeping the house of God. So let's... Anyhow, if they can be neighbors; we can be neighbors too, don't you think? Let's sit across the fence and talk to each other and shake hands, and bring your vegetables out of the garden. I believe we'd get along better. Don't you think so?

**13** So that's what we're here for. The services is supposed to begin each evening at seven-thirty, I suppose. And usually the preliminaries, and then after that... I don't know just yet what the basis of the meeting is for, whether it's to teach the Gospel, and have evangelistic services; or let the other brethren do that, and for me to pray for the sick. That's what we haven't found out yet from Brother Fowler and different workers. The only thing that I'm here for is to follow the instructions of my brothers as long as it doesn't interfere with the plans that God has given, or given me to do. And so we'll get into that later. This afternoon, coming together, I thought it would be nice, this afternoon while we gather, that we would... I would tell you about my trip that you all just helped sponsor to send me to India, if you would like. Would you like hear about the trip to India? Thank you. And we will talk on missions for the next thirty minutes or so forth. And new people are here, I thought... Remember when we was here last year, before going to India, you gave an offering here, a missionary offering for me. And I took it with all good faith; you gave it the same way, that it would go to the glory of God. And I think I owe it to you to tell you how that ... what become of the missionary offering you gave me, and what it went to do.

**14** And before we start on this, the reading of God's Word... It's not God would bless my words, but let God bless His. So my word will fail, because I'm just a man. But His words can't fail, because He's God. And so let's, before we read this, let's ask Him to meet with us now, and bless the building, and the place that we're standing as we gather for His glory. We want to thank the Shriners; isn't it the Shriner Auditorium? The Shriners, they have been nice to me wherever I have went; they've opened up their doors. If I'd be making a tent in bad weather, they'd throw their doors open and say, "Come." Finally, I'm the only one of my family, in my father's, or my mother's people, or also my wife's people, that's tied to either Masons, Shriners, or something in the organizations. And may God bless them, is my prayer, that they will, every one ... every one... Now, we realize if I could say this, that every one of you be Christian... If the church can't produce anyone to be Christian, how much more organizations couldn't. But we pray that the Lord Jesus Christ in His mercy will save every one of them before we leave this earth. God bless you all.

**15** Now, while we bow our heads and talk to this great Prince of peace... Our kind loving Father, we come to Thee today in that all-sufficient name of the Lord Jesus, knowing this, that You have promised that "whatever you will ask in My name, that I will do." And we come presenting Him, not ourselves; for God has never promised to ... that You would answer in our name, but You promised to answer in His name. So we place Him before us, as we go to Thee. Hear us, Lord, as we speak through Jesus. We thank Thee for the opportunity that we have of meeting here in this great city setting here in the desert, by the name of "Phoenix," something that's raised up out of chaos. And we pray, Father, that right in this great city, that You'll raise up out of chaos of this generation, a marvelous church of the living God, filled with the Spirit, anointed. Great men of God may come from this city, proclaiming the message around the world. Bless every church in this city, every pastor. And we pray that You'll bless the officials, and bless the organization here that's opened up their doors for us to have their temple here to worship in.

```
John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

John 14:14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

```
**16** Father, we pray that the Holy Spirit will come into this temple today and anoint this place. Let every angel take his position placed [unclear word] . Let every person that comes to this temple from henceforth, may be so filled with the Holy Spirit, that their lives will be completely dedicated to Thee. We now, in the name of Thy Son, the Lord Jesus, dedicate this place for this revival, that great things may be accomplished, that sinners may come to the altar seeking peace for their weary soul. May those who have weaved their way out of the beaten path, as we would call it, that have gone back, may they come humbly to the cross of Christ again and accept pardon for their backsliding. Lord, Your children suffering in this city and throughout the world. Many of them have, no doubt, come into this building. Father, we pray that they'll be healed every one. May the preaching of the Word bring faith, and working of the Holy Spirit to complete the faith with deliverance for every one. Bless every song. Bless the ushers, the pastors, all, and the minister that shall minister from this platform. Anoint them with the Holy Spirit with Thy message. Very timely for the hour that we're now serving Thee. Grant it, Lord. Forgive us now, of our sins. We place all our thoughts and iniquities before Thee, that Thou would wrought them out by the washing of the Word of the water. Separate us from all uncleanness, evil thoughts, selfish thoughts, all works that's not pertaining to Thee. May we be forgiven for those things. And may we go from here with pure hearts, clean minds to serve Thee. Grant it, Father, for we commit it all to You now in the name of Thy Son, the Lord Jesus. Amen.

**17** Can you hear me well, along the sides? If you can, would you raise your hand to say you can? Over here? All right. In back? Way back in the back, can you hear pretty good back there? That's fine. Between... Now you be in prayer, and the Holy Spirit leads. Now first, we want to read some of His Word. And just for a portion today, I'm talking on visions, I thought it would be nice to read from Saint Mark the 16th chapter, and beginning with the 14th verse. After he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat ... upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen. And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word. This commission that was given by our Lord, was to preach the Gospel to all the world. Now, sometimes we wonder... And in my heart, I do not want to premeditate on what to say until I get to the platform, because I am not a scholar, and my grammar sure is bad. And if I would write down something to talk from, no one else could read it, and I doubt whether even I could read it or not. So it wouldn't do me any good. So I just have to depend on Him to tell me what to say. And I've gotten by for twenty-three years; I'm willing to trust Him on. And so He has brought me safe thus far.

```
Mark 16:14 Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

```
**18** Now, I believe that down in my heart, it's just been there for the last few days, to preach on The Second Coming of the Lord Jesus. Then I tried Chicago, I've tried going through to preach it in New York. Come on down to Lubbock, I was going to do it there on Friday. Thought I would do the other night at Shreveport. I believe I'm going to make it this evening if I can. So, on: The Second Coming... And now, I'm writing a book, not one like my others, because they're ... they are written by other people. And I am not a scholar, so You can probably understand my sassafras talking. So I'm just going to write it my own words, kind of like a commentary on divine healing, and my own personal dealings with the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit being the theme, and on healing, or what it is. And I kind of, like, take out of the book of Genesis, Exodus, Deuteronomy, and so forth, each one, excerpts from each one on divine healing and bring it into the New Testament. And now, I'm putting it on tape recording, so that I can take it off pretty soon, and I'll have it. Now, in the Gospel being preached...

**19** I believe that we're living in one the most marvelous days that we ever lived, and the most greatest a time that any person could ever live on the earth; because... You say, "What about the time when Jesus was here?" Well, they... He was coming for them just to see Him, then if He would forgive. But now He's coming where they'll never weep no more. Now, I think we're living... And that was just in the middle of the earthly pilgrimage here that human beings had. And now, we're becoming this time to end up all life of mortality, going into immortality now. And then the whole human... All the sin of all ages is settling down into the generations of people that we live in now. All weaknesses from our fathers, the inbred traditions, has fell in sicknesses, and diseases, breaking out like has never been told in all the world.

**20** And then another thing, I believe that when Satan, it was prophesied, would go about like a roaring lion in the last days to destroy mortal life, and spiritual life, and everything that he could... I believe then if all the dumpings from all the evil is being dumped out on the human race in this day, I believe that all the blessings will be dumped out, as it was before on our brethren, by our heavenly Father upon the church in this last days. And what a day that we're living in. Oh, I just love it. I hope I can see His coming. I'll be there anyhow. But I just hope I live to see the day when I see them coming from Arizona, across the world, joining hands together for a meeting in the air. What a day that will be. I hope your heart is yearning for that; realizing that atomic bombs, hydrogen bombs, and cobalt bombs, is hanging in the hands of wicked enemies. Some fanatic could destroy this whole world in a few hours, completely; total annihilation. Already got the weapons to do it, into the hands of ungodly, sinful people, who will do it to themselves. Just a-going. That's all. And today, the modern day we're living in, may God get His church ready. Oh, if we could just lay aside our wedge now, and open our eyes and see what God is doing. Now, I know we got pasts and things. I recognize that. Just fanaticisms and such, raising up. But you can see the same thing taking place just before the real Jesus appeared the first time. And we're bound to have it much more, just before He appears the second time. So that'll only give life to the believer to be ready, for that hour is at hand.

**21** Now, today, it is my humble belief that the Scripture that I've just read is one of the greatest and most essential messages that could be preached today. However, I'm not aiming to preach on that; I'm just taking that for a basic Scripture for the talk, a missionary experience. But we're wondering what's left to happen before Jesus comes. I believe it's happening today. Now, Jesus never did tell us to go build churches, although that's good. Jesus never did tell us to have an organization, though that's good. He never did tell us to build hospitals, though that's good. He never did tell us to have seminaries, though that's good. But the thing that He told us to do... We have substituted these things that I've just spoken in place of what He told us to do: "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel," not build churches, not organize people, not educating men, but "preach the Gospel."

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

```
**22** Jesus said there'll be signs. We've got them. But here's the great sign: that He promised to return. He said, when this Gospel has been preached to all the world for a witness, then He would return. And He won't return, He can't return, until that has been done. Jesus is depending on the church to carry out His orders. And we substituted teachers of theology and so forth, and left off the real plain commission that He told us to do: Preach the Gospel. Well then, some of you would say, "Well, Brother Branham, haven't we preached the Gospel all these years?" With reverence I say "no," see. Did you know that two-thirds of the world has never even heard one word about Jesus Christ? Two-thirds of the population of this world has never heard of the Lord Jesus Christ. One-third... And Christianity is about three or four paces behind: first, Mohammedan; Buddhist; and so forth; then Christianity, including all Protestant and Catholic put together. See how far we are behind them?

```
Matthew 24:14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.

```
**23** Then, in all that, then we have our differences between each other, between the Catholics and Protestants. The Protestants, "This is the Full Gospel," and Evangelicals, and so forth. Every one of them differing one from another, and fighting against one another. My, do you see? Let's just stop a few minutes and think about these things. And let's get down to... I love great joy. That's one of the... That's one of the fruits of the Holy Spirit is joy. We need to have this rejoice. But there's got to be time that we got to shuck the corn before we can eat it. So, let's get down to real solid Gospel teachings and thoughts, see where we can get started right, and build up from right there. The Gospel doesn't mean passing tracts. They're fine. God give us more tract societies. It's one way of doing it. And I think that the tract society has done a greater job, in getting their part done, than we Gospel preachers have did, getting our part done. That's right. Because a little competition never raised me up.

**24** The Gospel is not, "Going out and teaching the Bible." That isn't the Gospel. It's written in the Scriptures that the Gospel didn't come to you just in Word only, but through the power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. The Gospel, that is the Word. But the letter killeth; the Spirit giveth life. Now, a seed laying here on the flat pulpit here, is just a seed until it dies and becomes germitized ... germitized and dies, it'll never do anything. So the seed... The Word here has to be made manifest in order for me to die. He said, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Now, to think of what the Word was... Before a word is the expression of thought, it has to be a thought before it can be a word. So God, in the beginning, gave the thought of what would be, spoke the Word for it to be, we receive the Word; and it produces what God's thought was. The Word is the Gospel in seed form.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

2 Corinthians 3:6 Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.

```
**25** If you ask me for... Say, "Brother Branham, in your country you have acorn trees. Would you give me an acorn tree?" And I'll give you an acorn. You have a ... you have an acorn tree potentially. But it's in the seed form. You can't say you have actually you got a tree until the seed has produced a tree. Well, preaching the Word is the acorn, but making it live is the Gospel. That's right. If He promised the Holy Spirit, that's the Word. And receiving the Holy Spirit is making it live, manifesting it. If He promised these blessings by the Word, then accepting the Word and producing what He said, is the Gospel. "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature."

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

```
**26** The very next line is proof that just teaching the Word wouldn't do it. He said, "These signs will follow them that believe. In My name they shall cast out devils (evil spirits), speak with new tongues, take up serpents, or drink deadly things it wouldn't harm them; lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover." Now, that is the Gospel that has reached ... has been. And theology and teaching has substituted that place. Now, I believe that we're living in the day when the Holy Spirit is moving upon the hearts of people. Regardless of how much criticism, how much fanaticism, God's under obligation to take that church out of the Gentiles just as certain as I'm sitting on the platform, and He'll do it. And I believe that it's moving now and coming forth. Therefore, my heart burns. Now, I'll say this, I realize that I'm not talking to all America, but I'm talking to Americans, or such as we call them. (The real American is the Indian. God gave him this land; we took it away from him. But we call ourselves Americans.)

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**27** But I believe that the great calling of the revival in America has been turned down by the American people in whole. They just simply can't conceive ... perceive, rather, the Word. There's been enough Gospel preached in the form of the Word across America [unclear words] country to a second garden of Eden. But they turned it down. And great evangelists, Billy Graham and Jack Schuller, many other great men, Oral Roberts, has crossed the country, preaching the Gospel, God working. Holy Spirit moving among the people and accepting these days ... accepting Christ as their personal Saviour, go back right out into the wallow of the world, just like they was in the first place. There's such a thing as an intellectual faith. Here a few weeks ago in Chicago, I read something that had been on the radio that just thrilled my heart. When it said that... Here, God said, "As a man thinketh in his heart," in the scripture. And out of the heart... The scientist said that God got everything mixed up. There was no mental faculties in the heart to think with; he has to think with his mind. His mind was the only thing they could think of, and not with his heart, with his mind. But God doesn't make mistakes. When He says, "heart." He meant "heart." And a few weeks ago medical science found that through the center of the human heart, is a teeny little place that don't have to have blood cells, or anything around it. And they claim it's the occupation of the soul. Animals doesn't have it. So after all, God was right. Man thinks with his heart.

```
Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

```
**28** Now, you can have an intellectual faith by hearing the Word, and perceiving it in your mind, and accepting it upon those basis, which is intellectual faith. But the faith that Jesus was speaking of in Saint John 5:24, "He that heareth My Word and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life." That doesn't come from intellectual faith; that comes from borned-again experience. As a man thinketh in his heart, he's borned again. And from there comes forth his thoughts--his soul, not from his mind, but from his soul--something him that tells that it's right when his mind says it's wrong. Amen. I hope you get it. You know it anyhow. Not what the mind says, what the doctor says, what the pastor says, you know it anyhow in your soul. When that soul is truly borned again, you have it. Zoe--"God's own..." God hides Himself in a man. That's the Gospel to man.

```
Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**29** In traveling overseas, going into Africa and different places... Seeing, I believe I told you the last time I was here we had locked in the first meeting in Africa, where we had thirty thousand converts in one afternoon service received the Gospel. Then when we started in India, after coming through here and telling you that I was making a trip to India, our first stop was, after we left New York, was in Lisbon, Portuguese. There being a man with us, who knowed all about ... a German man, who knowed all the celebrities, I guess, around the world. I met there with the governors, princes, and so forth. They had a little dinner. And I got a chance to testify of the glorious Gospel, in their presence. Portuguese is almost a hundred percent Catholic. They don't go to church, many of them, but they're... That's just the national church, so they ... they're Catholic by ... 'cause they're Portuguese. And that's the way some people think they're Christians because they're Americans. That don't mean they're Christians. Because father and mother was Christian is no sign you're a Christian. You're a Christian when you're borned again with the Spirit of God in you. Then you're a Christian.

**30** But in there, we found a little Pentecostal church way back along the hillside. Oh, they're just about everywhere. And there we had a meeting for a couple nights, where we went back up on the hill. We wasn't supposed to pray for the sick over there. But Billy and I got rid of everybody that was with us. And we went up and prayed for the sick. And you talk about a meeting, we had one. Oh, my, hungry-hearted, loving the Lord. Immediately afterwards was the altar call; a hundred percent of their Catholic people believed. They accepted the Lord Jesus. Oh, a marvelous meeting...

**31** And from there, we took off to Rome. And as you know, I'm an Irishman; my people before me were all Catholics. And so, I wanted to visit Rome. Well, I have nothing... And if the Catholic people are present today, my Catholic friends, I have no more against you than I do the Protestants. I don't call myself a Catholic or a Protestant, either one. I call myself a believer in the Bible, and a worshiper of the Lord Jesus Christ.

**32** Here's why. The Catholic says, "This Word is inspired, all of it, but the church is over the Word." That's wrong. The Protestant says, "This is inspired, as much I believe in it to be inspired. Mark sixteen is not inspired, divine healing that's not inspired..." You just take it, which part, just what their theology will permit them to say is inspired. To me, it's every word's inspired, and it's the only foundation for the Christian. I believe it--God's Word. I may not be able to make it manifest. My faith may be too weak to do many things in there, but it's true, just as certain as I'm standing here, and more so too. It's God's infallible, eternal, ever-present Word. And frankly, it's God Himself living in Word form. Isn't that wonderful? Think of it: God Himself in Word form. Why, friends, I'd rather take that than all the councils of the Catholics, Protestants throwed together. This is God's Word. That's God to me. He was in the beginning the Word, and He's still the Word.

**33** Now, and then we went in to see the Vatican City. I really wanted to see a few things that I had heard that were old that had been found, and so forth, that was true. On through there, we went through the Vatican City, over in Saint Peter's, and so forth. I kind of got a little discouraged out there when they said Peter was buried there. I don't believe that. So, I... We had a little discussion about that. They didn't agree. So, then I went on down, went down into San Angelo's catacombs. Going there, seeing all the pictures and the workings of the early saints; and down under the ground, it was just a graveyard under ground. The little babies, you could see where they'd filled most corners, piled in the wood. So, well, God might have a few words about that. People wants to believe one thing, and then, I believe it was another. Said, "Here's where Patrick was buried." I said, "That don't look very much like him, the way you got those graves in there." Said, "Oh, well, it was So-and-so."

**34** And we come on out of there, and then we went down to see where Paul had his head chopped off. And I went in there, an old cold dismal cell, a little old table on the side where he wrote his marvelous letters under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Nero chopped his head off, pitched him out the window, so he could wash down the sewer. And I thought, God, my Bible, it means so much to me. I believe it's inspired, the writings of these epistles. Then next they wanted to show me a big church where this great mass was going on all the time. And I went down there, and they was having a high mass, or some sort of a mass. And there was a lady taking me in, and I went down beneath the place, where they got the graveyard. And they buried all the monks, until their flesh is gone from their bones, then they take the bones and make a building out of it. All the light fixtures from little finger bones and things, make the light fixtures, and so forth that hung down, out of human bones. And some more of the infant graves. And then they pick up their bones, and just, makes just like a graveyard underneath the church. And now, standing there, something struck me. I thought on those corners where the skulls of those monks was.

**35** The travelers from the different parts of the world, going in, had rubbed those skulls till they almost rubbed holes in them. They were white, but the rest of them was corroded, black-colored, dark brown, black. They was rubbing that to get a blessing off the skulls of dead men. I thought, How superstitious people can be! They was wanting miracle-like power. There was a little sign hanging in the back, said, "Remember traveler, we once was as you are now, and you someday will be as we are." That gives you something to think about. The next day, after our [unclear word] , had a ... I was to be interviewed by the pope. So the brethren had made arrangements for me to meet the pope of Rome, which he said he would do it for me. I asked Baron Von Blumburg what I was to do. I know there were things you have to do in order to meet him, and so forth. I would have to dress just right to meet the pope. And they told me that I'd have to kiss this ring on his finger, and call him "father."

**36** I'll give any man due credit--doctor, or whatever he may be--but to worship the man, that's different. I draw the line. I said, "I won't see him." I don't want to do any kind of a worship to a man. Worship goes to God, and Him alone. Now, that's their way of doing it, that's the Catholic way of doing it. That's their faith; that's all... That's up to them. But for me, that's a little different. The Bible said, "Don't you call no man father." So I couldn't do it. My conscience wouldn't let me do it. The Holy Spirit's forbid me do it. So I found a little Pentecostal mission way back in the corner, right under the shadows of the Vatican city. We went down there and had a great heal campaign, about three nights. And God blessed, the Holy Ghost fell. They sounded like the Salvation Army right in Vatican City down there. The people run up and down the streets at nighttime screaming, and shouting, and praising God--so I had to leave there.

```
Matthew 23:9 And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.

```
**37** We journeyed on towards, almost into Cairo up into ... then on into Arabia, and from Arabia on into Bombay. Seeing that there with the ministers, and so forth, great delegations. They had to represent each church. Wreaths to go around their necks. And they had a great big [unclear words] the way they got all throwed away. Each one had to wear it, and push it off, I guess. Garlands, I think they called them. And so then they... We went to the Taj Mahal Hotel, and we paid for a room and rent for a meeting. And there had been some lady that had went in there ahead of me, and had ... about six or eight months, or maybe a little longer, and had had a healing campaign. And it caused a little trouble. And the brethren told us something about taking up offerings, or she was trying to take offerings. They said, "You can't do that in public." They said there'd been a riot where two men got killed, so they wouldn't let me have the meetings in the outdoors there. And there I...

**38** From there the mayor of the city come, and I had an interview with Mr. Nehru, and the president, we got together. The President of India over four hundred and seventy million people. And I got down there, the mayor the city. I can't called his name. I've got his ticket here in my pocket, his card. And in India, just depraved, will believe anything. They'll believe anything that's told to them. I never seen such confusion in my life. So they told me I'd have to not get out in the open, but would have to stay in, because of the sister that caused this trouble. And if we had a church, perhaps could be held at a church, for they couldn't get protection out there, but they could if it would be a church and manage it. And the mayor himself told me that there was five hundred thousand people in the city, had come there for the healing services, for the meetings. And could you imagine what that would be in the streets of Bombay? And they had a great big church, some kind of a Episcopal church, where it would be about two times the size of this auditorium. A great big star out in front of it that covered about a half acre. And then at each microphone... And the people were for block after block, that they had patrol cars out there, with walkie-talkies trying to make room for me to come in a automobile, to get to the place we were going to pray for the sick. You never seen such in your life. People stacked like cord wood, one on top of another.

**39** I've often thought, people, that America had poor people, but there's not one poor man in America after I seen India. If you go down the street this afternoon, and you see a man eating his dinner out of a garbage can, he's not poor, that's either a mental condition or a preference. We've got charity here. We got our organizations with charity that would help him. We got old men's homes, old people's homes. We got everything here to help him. There isn't anything hardly, but what would help the man. He's either mentally upset, or he prefers to do it. That's his preference. Now, but when you see a man in India, he hasn't got nothing to help. And I'm not here to say one word to send relief, and so forth like that. I believe it could be sent in a lot better ways then where we send it. I just said that I could say a whole lot, but I won't.

**40** But anyhow, I had my ideas and my thoughts in my heart. But in there is one of the most pathetic sights that human beings ever seen. I saw in South Africa with the Colored people there, living in a little thatched-roof hut. Them poor little fellows who never had a bath in their life, and didn't know right and left hand. I thought that was something sad. But I forgot about that when I seen India, to see them in the streets, lepers, with little stubs of hands, little children with toes, maybe that big around standing in line; little mothers on the street with their poor little babies, the little child shrunken, and the little hands not over that size reaching out, screaming, crying, and dying for food, and we rake it all in the garbage can. Listen. Oh, I tell you something. This is just on the side. You know the Bible said, in the last days the heathens would wake up. They're doing it, too. When I seen Americans get off the ship there, the way they acted before those poor people, it made me ashamed.

**41** A little old boy with a big foot like that, dragging along like that, trying help a couple of self-starched Americans to walk up. They put their hands like this, and walk away from that poor little fellow. God have mercy! Pharisees! And we call ourselves Christians because we're Americans. Listen. Let me tell you. There sits that man out there, got a little piece on, with rags or something around his face, the old fellow sitting there... Never seen a pair of shoes while I was in India, never a seen a person with clothes on, nothing but a loin cloth. Their little legs ... arms only that big on any of those men, just about like that, little bitty legs, no shoes on, coming down the street. Course, they were in there, everywhere. I don't get that. Walking the streets like that, a little old scarf-hankie hanging behind him, walking along. He'll walk right up and just fall on the street and lay there; that's all the home he's got. He don't own nothing. He ain't got nobody to feed him. If he's able to get up, he'll get up. If he don't, he'll die there. They'll come along and pick him up just like that, put him up on a thing like that, and take him over to a big chute, a big cylinder, and throw him in there, and just cremate him. Little old boy, pitiful, they feed him about that much food, every two or three days, no matter if it's rotten or out of a broken up hull, or whatever it is, he could live. And I can't imagine how he did it. They got natural resources; but not the mentality to develop what they got.

**42** An old man sitting there in this little place where there's a mud puddle there. He wife washes in the mud puddle. And if he wants something for water to drink, he drinks out of the mud puddle. If he wants to cook, he takes the same water where his wife washed, and take up there to cook with it, because he's got nothing else. He... His great-grandfather sat in poverty and ignorance. Starved to death. His grandfather did the same thing; his father did the same thing. Here he's doing the same thing, and there comes his children doing the same thing. And many a great people of this world pass by, pink, blue-shaded Cadillacs, fine clothes, and rich, and yet they tell us he's... They tell him that we're all come from one man. We're all equal. What's happened? What's happened there is all over the rest of the world: Communism's taken over, and we're the cause of it. Right. Communism comes in with a false economy, and promised him something falsely. Oh, sure that's wrong. Look at what the ... what these fellows have done, and so forth, like the Catholics, and so forth. They got all money into it. And the poor fellow has a soul, but he's following the cunnings of the devil. But he's promised him something. You know why? It's because we, with all of our money from whiskey tax, beer tax, and things like that. And the church hasn't any heart just to send missionaries over there. We going to pay for it! Wake up. I'd better stop on that. That's right, my friends. We're going to wake up too late. So poor, there you are, the picture. Billy and I thought we'd slip out the back way. When I look out there and seen them poor little things, I told the American people, what money I had left, after missionary offerings, after the ticket bought, that I'd feed those people. And I went over there, and I didn't have but very little. When I looked out there and seen that, my heart failed, I just couldn't stand it.

**43** Then I waked by the window there, after we got up to the hotel; I looked out, and I seen the people begging. These people going by the road, feeling nothing. I went downstairs, got out on the street. Got me a bunch of those little old rupees, and I started to give them away, then they had to take me away, 'cause it was too packed breathe--so many of the people. Then Billy and I come out the back way, dressed a little different went the other way, and come around. There's just a line down the street. Went down and there was a big mud puddle like out in the middle of the street. Old ox in the street. And you had to hold your nose in order to go through it. And there, laying there with their hands with sticks, picking up mortar, what they call mortar, big stones like that. And poor little women with little starving babies, sitting against the side of the walls out there, couldn't sit up, some of them, so weak; the little women with straw baskets on their heads ... run down like that, where they was building an old building. Pour it down, they'd fill that thing about seventy-five pounds. Poor women didn't weigh much more. Put it on their head like that, and run up about three or four flights of steps, and dump it in and come back down. And do that from before daylight, till nine, ten o'clock at night, for twelve cents. Them little [unclear word] sheared off, no clothes on, just a little loin cloth like that on. Poor little mothers, doing it to keep... And they wouldn't do anything, they wouldn't stop to speak, they have to just stand like that, afraid they'd lose their job. Take that rupee and buy a little grain rice, and curry, at a place you couldn't hardly hold your nose. Listen. Them's human beings.

**44** They're made of the same material we are. They're not just sawdust. They're not puppets. They're God's children. They have just as much right to sit down and eat fried chicken as you have a right. But we as a nation have failed. As the Christian church, we failed. That's exactly right. It's rests on them. Now notice. In there, when we got done that night, I told Billy, "How can we do it?" He said, "Dad, I don't know." We went and got some more rupees. I went to the window over there, looked out, and it was all lined up with people, all up and down the streets and things, everybody was begging, and so forth. And I... First, they brought me my dinner; I couldn't eat it, thinking of them poor people outside. I just couldn't do it. So I had a orange and a few little crackers, and I went out there. And there was a lady going down with her little baby crying like that, and I pitched ... hollered to her and pitched the orange. My goodness, peeling and all, just as hard they could go for that baby. That poor little mother sitting there, looked up, the tears running out of her eyes as she rocked the baby. The children, little bitty hands out like that. I couldn't stand it.

**45** I looked at it, I said "Oh, Billy." And he said, "Daddy, I can't look at that." I said, "Neither can I." I said, "Let's pitch the cookie out there, too." Went back there, I said, "Go back and get me some rupees again." So I went down there, I got down there, and begin to throw them out the window. Brothers, it was the most pathetic sight you ever seen, to see lepers with no hands hardly, and no feet hardly, just pegs poking around. And couldn't pick the rupee up. Know what they do? Hold a dirty sheet and lick it ... crawl along on the ground, and pick it up off the streets with their tongue, and take it the market, and go get something to eat with it--with the little rupee. Do you think we're doing right as a nation? Shouldn't we Christian people be helping something like that, instead of burning up all the wheat and stuff out on the prairies, and dumping out all the wheat and stuff out on the ocean? It's so unreasonable. It's true. I know it hurts. Remember, I was born here. This is my home. Greatest nation in the world. But, brother, under the banner of Christianity, we are failures because we have let go the way we have. And then we go over there, I said...

**46** That night when we went out to the meeting, they'd get in there, it was almost impossible. The next day, I was entertained by seventeen different religions of India. Think of it: seventeen different religions, each one of them non-Christianity. They taken me to the temple of the Jains. Now, they have the Mohammedans, the Hindus, the Sikhs, the Jains, the Buddhas. Oh, my. Some of them sun worshippers, and some worship cows. The Jains... Now, I'll explain that, cause we was in their monastery. They can't cut their hair; they just pull it out with their fingers. They can't cut their beard, so they pull it with their fingers. And they had to have a paper thing that goes over their mouth and hooks around their ear, 'cause they're afraid that they'd breathe a gnat in that it might be their dead mother or father, probably got another life--reincarnation. They had a little thing that, they swept floor as they went, 'cause they might step on their uncle or aunt, or someone or another, that died and come back in the form of a flea or something. Isn't that horrible? Those people naturally, as men and women, are our brothers and sisters. If you were dying they could give you a blood transfusion to save your life. If you were a Chinese, a Colored man, or whoever it is, has God made of one blood all men? But, you know, they put a speck of animal blood in you would kill you? And no animal could transfuse one another's blood from one species to another. See how God did it? We never come from animals; we come from God. God made man in His own image.

```
Genesis 1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.

Acts 17:26 And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;

```
**47** Now, I looked over and seen them there in that condition (I'll have to hurry), and noticed, when we got into the ... went to the services. That night, I was to the Jains services. They'd taken me in; you had take your shoes off. Walked in there with a great big pillow, sat down to the high priest, the head them of all, set before me. The same [unclear words] . And there's seventeen different religions represented there. So, each one of them looking right towards me. Me sitting right there in the circle like this, looking at them. And so, they took and had an interpreter. And one of them said, "You call ... you in America call yourselves Christians, call yourself religious." And said, "You pumped every scientific research that you can on finding some kind of a bomb, or something another that'll kill your fellow man." [Gap in the audio] . Said, "You want to kill everybody in the world with some kind of atomic bomb, and then say you're religious because your God is full of mercy." Think of what he said.

**48** Now, listen. Another one got up, said he was Mohammedan. He said, "You are a Christian?" He said, "You say your book is called the Bible." Said, "We have men over here, historians and everything." Said, "We ask them some questions in the Bible." Said, "For instance, your Mark16." And mentioned other places. And then we asked them, "If we could see this Jesus that you talked about," said, "raised from the dead. If we could see you teachers produce what He said you would do, we'll believed He raised from the dead." But said, "You all say that that part's not inspired." He said, "I want you to know one thing: All the Koran here is inspired." There you are. I just sat and listened to him; never said a thing. Then I went to leave, I said, "Would you gentlemen attend my meeting? If we could have the police and so forth, to get you into a place?" They promised they would.

**49** The following night, which was my second night ... there'd been one meeting the night before. This little deaf and dumb boy was healed. I couldn't get no more through, 'cause it was just ... that settled it, about every person just went frantic. And the next night, when Billy and I went down to the meeting, we was for at least a hour and forty-five minutes, trying to get in. They had lines of people that were held up there for four or five abreast of police and militia. They couldn't stop them. And so, we tried to go in this way, and back this way, and scattered until we got up there. And when we got to the meeting that night, they had all these fellows sitting around. The Holy Spirit came. Oh, my. After awhile... They couldn't give out prayer cards, so they said they were going to go down and select one at a time to bring them. Couldn't line them up, because, they just ... there's no way of doing it. So they'd go down and pick up one, Billy and a couple of the brothers went down and pick up one, and bring it up. And you couldn't hear yourself think, because just at least two miles in anyways, was just a roar of the people. So then, they sent up ... two or three come through, and He showed me what the trouble was, but it wouldn't say they were healed. Now, I can say, of course, it was the devil.

**50** And here come a little child through; I thought, Surely, this will be the time. The little child had a crippled arm. Told him who he was, where he was from, what he had done, all about him, but there was no assurance of his healing. So, I let him pass on. Then here come a man that was blind. They were Sikhs. And when he come, stood up there, the interpreter was speaking to him. I couldn't speak their language, of course. And the first thing He did was tell him who he was. Then it told him he was a married man; he had two children, and told him he was a worshipper of the sun. (Now, what they do, they sit and watch the sun. And as the sun comes up, they face right at it, until it goes plumb over and sets in the west.) He had been totally blind for twenty years, from sun worship. I watched him to see what the vision said. But then as soon as the vision faded out, I started to turn to the audience, just have prayer for the man and pass him on. Here, a vision stood out here in front of me again. And there he was with his sight. I thought, Here it is.

**51** Now, oh, my. You could... Oh, what a feeling! I thought every devil of torment could come next to put a stop to it. Got them upset by what was being done. I thought, Here's the time now. So I turned to the people out there; I said, "You said that if you would ever see Jesus Christ reproduce His life in His church, that you would receive Him." I said, "What about it then? That's the very thing that He did. He never claimed to be a healer." He said, "I only do what the Father tells Me to do, what He shows Me." Saint John 5:19, Jesus said, when He went through that pool where all the crippled people, didn't heal any of the others. Went over to a man laying on a pallet, made him well, and went on. And when He way questioned, He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing; that doeth the Son likewise." I said, "'Course, I could heal no one, but if God will tell me to say that a certain person's healed, I'd do that." Watch the man laying on a pallet; Jesus knew he was there. God told Him about it, where the man was. Probably thousands died, but His ministry is going on. He could only raise three from the dead, and that's what the Father told Him to do. Do you follow me?

```
John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**52** Now, I said, "I want to ask you something. (I'm going to hurry now to close.) I said, "I want to ask you something." I said, "Gentlemen of the religions of India (not brethren, because they wasn't)," I said, "here's a man that the Holy Spirit has called his name and told him who he was, exactly what our Lord Jesus did. Here's a man that I can't even speak his language. He's older than I am. We was born twelve thousand miles apart or farther," and I said, "in different nations, different nationalities, different language, I never seen him in my life, but Holy Spirit has told me who he is, where he come from, and what he done." I said, "That's more than enough to convince you." I said, "Now, he's blind." I said, "Now, gentlemen of the religions of the world, can your religion do anything for this man?" I said, "No more than what does change his way of thinking. You say, 'Well, he's a sun worshipper; he went blind, sincere in heart, believes he's worshipping god.'" I said, "Now, he worshipped the creature instead of the Creator ... the creation, rather, instead of the creation ... the Creator." I said, "But he's here." I said, "Now, what if you wanted to make a Jain out of him? You'd tell him to put on a mask, and to worship the insect. What if you wanted to make him a cow worshipper, you'd tell him he's wrong and worship the cow, the Mohammedan the same way, a Buddha the same way. You'd only change his way thinking, which is psychology." I said, "We have the same thing in America, only we don't have different gods. But a man wants to make a Methodist out of a Baptist; or a Baptist wants to make a Presbyterian out of a Lutheran; a Pentecostal wants to make an Assembly out of a Oneness; and a Oneness wants to make a something of something else." What is it? Psychology! That's right. Nonsense! There's one true Living God! God calls a man to worship.

```
Romans 1:25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.

```
**53** I said, "We got that in America, only another form. We only have the one God, but we have a lot of these different organizations that tries to make people think it's the Methodist way to think; it's the Pentecostal way to think; it's the Church of God way to think it. This way, or that way." I said, "It's just psychology. If a man's born again, he's born again, that's all. No matter what church he belongs to, if he isn't born again, he's lost--he isn't God's son." Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, he can't even see the kingdom." Now, I said, "That's it. We have the same thing in America, just in another form. The same devil is doing it; it just under another form." But I said, "The thing of it is, if each one of you people say that your god is immortal, at the beginning..." Why, some of them went back before Adam was even here. They were reading the stars and etcetera. So then, oh my, they were far beyond the Hebrew religion. They didn't know anything about their stars. And I said, "Now, if it is the beginning, and all creation come from your god; this is a creature of God, surely you can do something about it." Oh, brother, you all know what I mean. Listen. You think I'd challenge this bunch like that there? Not unless God would say so. But when God says so, that settles it. You've been in the meetings before. You've seen it. I said, "Now, if I'm telling the truth that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, God raised Him up on the third day as a witness, He ascended on high, and said, 'The things that I do, shall you do also. Go into all the world, preach the Gospel. Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world. A little while, the world seeth Me no more; yet ye shall see Me, for I (personal pronoun) will be with you, even in you to the end of the world.'" That's right. I said, "If He's raised from the dead, He's absolutely vindicated exactly the same things He promised to do in the Bible." I said, "Come forward now. Is there a doctor here, or anyone who wants to examine the man first?"

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**54** I said, "If Jesus Christ is raised from the dead, and I'm here as a witness that I've see the vision of the man standing here, that he's going to receive his sight." I said, "Now, if there's a doctor or anyone here..." Think of five hundred thousand people. I said, "If any of you gentlemen out there of the religions of India, if your god is a powerful and almighty god, come forth and produce something here for this man." Everybody kept silent. That's right. 'Cause they didn't believe in visions. They didn't believe in the supernatural. They had nothing to believe with. So they brought the man over. I said, "If Jesus Christ will give him his sight standing here this afternoon, and I'll tell you now..." And I said, "If they'd bring somebody else that was blind, I wouldn't know what to do. But Christ has said that this man, standing here, is going to receive his sight as soon as I say the words He told me to say." There stood hundreds and hundreds of missionaries, standing watching. I said, "Now, them men could put their hands upon the people's hands, same way."

**55** See, we serve the same God that's been in the beginning, the Creator. And He proves it. Amen. Then they brought the man forward. I put my hand upon him just they it was in the vision. I said, "Dear Heavenly Father, for the sake of Your Word, standing here before seventeen known different religions that are opposed to You. And these poor people are led blind, let it be known today that You're still the Lord Jesus, raised from the dead. And let them know that we've told the truth, that He is the Son of God, and is raised from the dead, and witnessed today, doing the same things that He did. And Lord, You promised it in Your Bible. I ask You grant it now." And when I took my hands off his eyes, he let out a scream that... You didn't need a microphone for him. He begin to grab everybody, even the mayor of city, and hug him and kiss him. He could see as good as any man could see in this building today. And that man testified before the president of India. All become quiet just for a minute. Militia running around. Why, they'd just run over you.

**56** And I took a hold like that; I said, "Now..." Before I had the prayer for the man, I said, "If Jesus Christ will restore the sight to that man according to this vision, as I said it, how many of you here will renounce all other religions, and will accept the living God that proves Himself to be here? How many in here...?" And all their hands went up everywhere. And when I said that, I said, "Now, how many accepts Jesus Christ as personal Saviour?" It was just like a black mass from everywhere, people screaming, raising their hands to the Living God. I couldn't tell you, no one else could to you, how many thousands accepted the Lord Jesus as their personal Saviour. In glory you will see where your money went. You was the ones that did it! You got a part in it. That's right. Getting out of there that night, they tore my shoes from my feet, ripped off my clothes; my pockets was tore off, my... The militia couldn't hold them when we got to the car. There was so many people piled on top of the car, could've mashed the car top. Mashed the hood in on the car. They couldn't even move them. And people was beating masses back.

**57** Oh my, look on the street, the poor old women, babies, laying there, dying and everything else, a man couldn't even get through it. The next day when we started leaving, there no way of ever ducking, no way around it. They said, "Reverend Branham, the best thing you could do is leave at present time, and we'll straighten up. And New Delhi is where we'll have an amphitheater up there that holds a million people." I'm going back, God willing. Thousands coming to the Lord Jesus. What is it? You could... As good as it is, you could pass them a million tracts. They could read them. That's good. You could've preached them the Gospel out of here, the Word only, as good as it is; it's all right. It's perfect. But, yet, you're not done. The Gospel is demonstrating, or making a manifestation of the written Word. It's manifesting what the Bible said, and what the tract has said. Making known to the people of preaching the Gospel to every nation and every people, then Jesus will come. I believe He's calling a people out these last days. I believe it's the greatest sweeping the world has ever known is sweeping right now. I love Him. I believe Him with all my heart. Do you the same

**58** from the depths of your heart? Something down here has happened. Not because you've read and believed it. That's good. That's the first thing; that's faith. But by faith you've purchased this what happens down here. By faith you believe it intellectually. But really, has it happened down here, friend? Is something in there that's touching Jesus, God of all men? No matter what you done; it's not a shouting, it's not a running, it's not "I've spoke with tongues." You might've done all these things, but that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about having peace that we have in here, that puts you at peace with God and with everybody; peace that passes all understanding. Paul said, "Though I have power, faith to move mountains, and so forth, and have not love, charity, it profiteth nothing. Though I have power, or feed the poor, and all anointed, and speak with tongues like men and angels, and all these other things, I am nothing." Peace in the heart, the Gospel. Not the hearing of the Word up here, but the receiving of the power down here in your heart. I hope you have received it, while we bow our heads just a moment for a word of prayer.

```
1 Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.

1 Corinthians 13:2 And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.

1 Corinthians 13:3 And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.

```
**59** Loving Father, we come to Thee at the end of this hour of talking of the Gospel. Thou, O Lord, knows all things, knows the heart of man. And You see here these days that we're now living, how the world is changing. How that men are "heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure, more than lovers of God, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are doing right. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." Seeing the age come where cults and fanatics rise up impersonating. But knowing that Thou hast promised, and is fulfilling, in this last days that You'll send witnesses. And we're here. In this day, to see You do what You said You would do, realizing at any time that this world could be completely annihilated with a hydrogen bomb. Powers of great cobalt bombs to take the lives every insect, everything there is on face of the earth, in just a few hours. What would people do today, if bombers invade the earth? This Phoenix radio will be screaming, and everywhere else. Atomics has gotten loose and there's nothing can stop it. What a screaming there would be into the streets. No wonder James said, "Go ye rich men ... would throw their money into the streets, weep and howl," and so forth. But man turned down the invitation of the Lord Jesus, just as He offered it to them. God be merciful. Help me, God. I don't know how many more days I got to stay here in this world. But, help me to be true. Help every man and woman in here today to find their position, either in or out of Christ. And may they, if they're not in Christ today, come in where God has bought them with a great price, and has redeemed them. May they accept it this afternoon, as be saved.

```
Ezekiel 7:19 They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity.

James 5:1 Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.

```
**60** While we have our heads bowed, I wonder in the audience, if the pianist will give us some music, please. If there be any person here on the lower floor that's not a Christian, would say, "Brother Branham, I really found something down in my heart. I want God to see my hand. I want to accepted Him now, for a borned-again experience. I've never been a Christian. I really want to be a Christian. And by raising my hand, not to you, Brother Branham, but to God, I want to accept Him just now, 'fore I come." Would you raise your hand, anywhere on the bottom floor? God bless you. Someone else? Raise your hand up now and accept the Lord Jesus. God bless you. Someone else? God bless you. Someone else on the bottom floor? Think of it, friends. Before this sun sets this afternoon, I don't say when, but it might be over. If He's calling the last one take heed, or you'll die. Will you now, while you're in your right mind, just slip up your hand and say Lord, "I now believe [unclear words] ." God bless you. God bless you. God bless you, I see your hand. That's fine. Up to the balcony to the left, would you, someone up there, raise your hand? God bless you, young fellow. God bless you, my little brother. God bless you. Someone else along the line there, raise up your hand, not to me, but to God, say, "Lord, by this, I want You to remember me when I'm dying. I want you to remember what I did today in this Shrine Auditorium. I raised my hand to accept Jesus Christ as my Saviour in my heart to lead me and guide me."

```
2 Timothy 3:2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,

2 Timothy 3:3 Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,

2 Timothy 3:4 Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**61** To the balcony, over on the right, somebody raise up their hand, say, "Lord, this is my hand. Here I am. Purge me, Lord. Take all the sin and iniquity out my heart." Someone anywhere that's been a backslider would raise your hand and say, "Oh, I've just tried so hard. I'd come a while and go awhile, and I just can't seem to get established." Friend, you never believed in your heart. Jesus said, "He that heareth My Word and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life, and shall never come into condemnation; but has already passed from death unto life." Because he has believed from his heart, the Son of God, not just from his mind; from his heart something happened then. It's your heart believes, I don't care what your mind says--your heart believes. Now, if anyone here today has lived a halfway backslidden life, and you want to come to be a Christian, just raise your hand, anywhere on the balcony floor, backslider, want to renew with God. Up in the balcony on the right or left. Backslider, would you dare to face Christ? God bless you. Someone else, raise your hand, say, "I ready to fill my position now in Christ. I'm coming back now with a full assurance in my heart that God placed me in just now."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**62** Is there someone here without ... born again, without the Holy Spirit, say, "God, I now want to receive the Holy Ghost. I have believed. But I have not yet received the Holy Spirit, not yet been borned of the Spirit in my heart. Cause I know, in my mind, I believe every word the Bible says. I believe the churches; I believe the pastors; I believe all. But yet, I haven't experienced that in my heart, that peace (oh, my) like a river. Makes me love God with an unfailing, dying love. Makes me love everybody, no matter what they do against me, I love them. I can't help it. I want that experience." That's when you're borned again. If you haven't had that experience, yet you're a Christian believer, but just have not accepted that, or have experienced that, would you raise your hand, and say, "Brother, by faith, I raise my hand to God."? God bless you, brother. Someone else? God bless you, sister. God bless you, you. That's right, brother. God bless you, you. Up in the balcony, someone, you never received the Holy Spirit? God bless you, sir. God bless you. God bless you. Up in the balcony to the right? God bless you. All right. God bless you, you, you. That's wonderful. Someone else, raise your hand? God bless you, sister. God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. That's fine. "I'm now raising my hand, asking God, as I see the day approaching ... the world's ending." Did you hear Sunday, a week ago, what science said on the radio? Listen close, now, and pray in silent prayer. Science says ... scientific research says that the end of the world's in sight. It's here, friends. Where are you? Are you in Christ today? "God, come into me now, while we pray." "How will I do it, Brother Branham?" Believe. "What, with my mind?" With your heart. Ask God now to fill you with His goodness, while we bow our heads.

**63** Kind Father, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life, today, right today, in the Shrine Auditorium in Phoenix, grant that every sinner that's raised their hand will be saved. We know they will. For Thou has said, "He that comes to Me, I will in no wise cast out." And You also said, Lord Jesus, "No man can come to Me, except My Father draws him first." Then great Holy Spirit, You're here in this building speaking to men, women, boys, and girls, drawing them, drawing them. With their nature, they couldn't ask. You touched them first. Man don't seek You, You seek man. Jesus said that You had to seek first. You called; they now come to accept the Lord Jesus as Saviour. Grant it, Lord, just now. May a peace anchor down in their souls, like the rivers that flow so freely. May the joy of being free from sin; sweep over their being just now. Look at them, Lord. You said, "Though your sins be as scarlet, they'd be white as snow. I pray, God, that every backslider You'll take back into the fold, and those who want to be born again. Grant it, Lord, that the great Holy Spirit moving in a mystical form, coming down in this building just now, and make His way into every heart. Take up the occupation place in the soul. Grant it, Lord. May this be the beginning of the world's greatest, most crucial revivals that this city's ever had. May it break out in every church great joy throughout the city. May You heal the sick and the afflicted, and give great joy. May there be a revival here just like when Philip went down into Samaria. Bless now, for we ask it in His name. Amen.

```
Isaiah 1:18 Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**64** How many feel in your heart, right now, that if Jesus would come, you'd go with Him? Let's see you hand, whoever you are. God bless you. Oh, isn't that wonderful? All right, give us a little chord for "Power, Power, Wonder Working Power." Let's sing now, everyone remain seated just a minute. There is power, power, wonder-working power In the blood of the Lamb, There is power, power, wonder-working power, In the precious blood of the Lamb. Oh, would you be free.........
