---
Date: 1955-06-04
Title: Jairus, the secret believer
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Porter Stadium in Macon, Georgia, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 38 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Jairus, the secret believer



**1** I'm sorry to be late, but I was blocked out, and I couldn't get in. This is one time I couldn't get to service. Oh, someone just pulled in and blocked the gate, and we couldn't get out till they ... someone to move it. We're thankful to be here tonight to be in the service of the Lord, to see all you fine people out here; and trust that this will be a great night for His kingdom's sake, that many of His sick children may be healed tonight, many unbelievers will become believers, accepting the Lord Jesus Christ and the pardoning of their sins. Now, before we go farther, shall we bow our heads just a moment in a word of prayer as we speak to the King. Our heavenly Father, we're grateful to Thee tonight for this privilege that we have of gathering together another day this side of the coming of the Lord, realizing that we don't know just when He will appear in glory, but knowing: that after this mortal life has ceased, we have the blessed promise that beyond this veil there awaits for us a tabernacle not made with hands. God has provided for us a better tabernacle, wherein there will never be a prayer for the sick. There'll never be a prayer for the sinner. All these mortal things and earthly things is passed away then. In our being now we groan in the Spirit for deliverance while we're here, Father, as pilgrims and strangers, professing that we're not of this world, that Christ has called us out, called us to ... chosen, elected for His sake; and we're thankful for the opportunity to bear His message. Come to us tonight, Lord Jesus, quickly. Take the service into Thy own beloved hands and minister to each one of us as we have needs. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**2** Now, this evening as we speak about the Lord Jesus... Last evening we had a most marvelous time. Seldom you find great faith like that at the beginning of the service, but it seemingly that this was just a little different. We had a great beginning, and we're happy for it. Such faith would continue, it's just hard to tell what our Lord would do in the coming days. I think tomorrow afternoon they're to have the services in an auditorium here in the city. Perhaps it's already been announced by the brethren who know where it is. And bring out the unsaved tomorrow. Now, every church, the time... We don't have it on the Sunday night or on Sunday morning, because it would interfere with other services of the city; and we do not want to interfere with any religious service. Anyone that's serving God, we believe that on Sunday mornings and Sunday nights, their post of duty's at their own church. To you visitors that are here, visit some of these churches tomorrow yourself. Make yourself known to the people. Get acquainted with the saints of God around this community, and come to the service tomorrow afternoon. And then tomorrow night back to your regular post of duty. Now, tonight for time, the first few nights when we have a long service like this of ten nights... Seldom our services run over three nights; three to five nights is just about the limit. But in this case we had this great arena here, and we realize the metropolitan center of the city here isn't too great. It's about (I guess) seventy-five thousand, I think someone told me. So we have plenty of room.

**3** I always keep my meetings rather small, because that I don't have to beg for offerings to pay off the expenses. If one thing that I think that I glory in the Lord Jesus for helping me in that manner. I don't have nothing that I have to support, like a radio program, or television program, or anything. I just come and visit you; and the little expenses that we have, we take it up right away. And I never will permit people to beg for money; regardless of how far we go in debt, they can't do it. The manager's ever found begging, that's the last time he's a manager, 'cause we are not to take people's money. We're here to help you, to bring something to you, and you're a blessing to us. And we do not come for your money, and we try to keep that clean and clear worldwide. Now, we close the service, the Lord willing, Sunday a week. And then Thursday, I go to Switzerland, and then from Switzerland perhaps to Frankfurt, Germany, and then up into Sweden, the Lord willing, and back to the States again to continue the services up through Canada.

**4** Now, we appreciate your prayers. Prayer changes things. There's only one thing that can change the mind of God, and that's prayer. But God can say anything, and prayer can change it. That was a pretty good bite, wasn't it? But it's the truth. It was in the Scripture that He did. Could you imagine the prophet Isaiah, going up and told Hezekiah, "Thus saith the Lord" (a real prophet) said, "Go up and tell Hezekiah he's not coming off that bed; he's going to die right there." So Hezekiah went up and said, "Thus saith the Lord, that you're going to die right there where you are. You're not coming off the bed." And when the prophet left ... I can imagine going out to the celebrities standing outside the gate saying, they say, "Oh, prophet of God, what about our beloved king?" "Thus saith the Lord: he's not coming off the bed." Goes on out to the soldiers in the outer courts. "Oh prophet of God, what about our king?" "Thus saith the Lord: He's not coming off of the bed." To the poor people outside the gates: "Oh, prophet of God, we believe that you come from God. What about our king? What's going to be the end of him?" "Thus saith the Lord: He's not coming off the bed. He's going to die right on his bed. Thus saith the Lord."

```
2 Kings 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

Isaiah 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

```
**5** Got on out to his little hut. Old Hezekiah turned over, began to talk to the Lord and said, "Lord, I beseech Thee to consider me. For I've walked before You with a perfect heart." That's a great big word, isn't it? Testimony like that. "I have walked with a perfect heart." And he needed fifteen years more. Now, the king was the highest figure, earthly speaking or politically speaking, in the whole nation of Israel; and the greatest man, politically speaking, was talking to the King of kings. Now, it looks like if the King of kings would've had anything to say back to the king, He would've spoke to him, but it sure proves that He was talking to him. But God has ways and means of doing things His own way. And instead of that he goes back out to the prophet. And He says to the prophet, "Now, you go tell him that I heard his prayer, and I'm going to spare him fifteen years."

```
2 Kings 20:3 I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

Isaiah 38:3 And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

```
**6** Could you imagine the position that put Isaiah in? Here he comes right back through the gate again: "Thus saith the Lord: He's going to live." Right up to the soldiers, "Thus saith the Lord: He's going to live." Right into the celebrities, "Thus saith the Lord: He's going to live." Well, I'd imagine they'd say, "What kind of a prophet is that?" What was the big difference? Prayer: changed from death to life. It'll do it for every sinner here tonight: from death to life. It'll do it for every sick person tonight: from sickness to health. Prayer changes things. So always bear that in mind. Pray without ceasing. If you want to be an impediment to the meeting, just don't pray. If you want to be the greatest help this meeting can have... It's not financially. Here's the greatest help you can be to this meeting: set aside an hour or two every day that you pray for the meeting. Go out and visit someone if the Lord puts on your heart and bring them into the meeting. Then pray that God will save them when they're in there if they're not saved, heal them if they're not ... if they're sick and in need of healing. That's the greatest contribution that you can give to any meeting, is to pray and seek God to help in this time of trouble.

**7** Now, just turning into His Word... My word's very feeble, as we know, being a man's word; but His Word being God's eternal Word, then it cannot fail. My words are just as apt to fail as (I'm just a man.) ... like your word, but God's words will not fail. It's written in the Book. Now, in the book of Saint Mark and the 5th chapter and beginning with the 35th verse we shall read a portion of Scripture just before we speak a little bit on the Word, for "faith cometh by hearing, hearing the Word of God." And then we'll read His Word. Where if my words does fail, the meeting will not be a failure, because it'll fall back to His Word; and His Word will bring forth what it was purposed for ... intended. Jesus speaking now: While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further? As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he said unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe. Now, may the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word.

```
Mark 5:35 While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further?

Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**8** Being that this is more or less a faith message, a faith message of divine healing, secondarily. Our first motive of these meetings is to save lost souls. A body, no matter how bad they're bedridden, how sick they are, someday they've got to die if they're made perfectly whole tonight. But that soul which is immortal when it's healed will live forever. Divine healing... Many times it's been said that healing services are just all the stress put on physical healing. If you'll notice, about eighty percent of Jesus' ministry was divine healing. But divine healing is like the bait that's on the hook. You don't show the fish the hook; you show him the bait, so he gets the bait and the hook too. So, that's what we think about divine healing. God sets in the church great signs and wonders to get sinners conscious of His presence. Like the gift of speaking in tongues: It's not for him that believeth, but him that believeth not, see. It's signs to the unbelievers, and today we have plenty unbelievers.

```
1 Corinthians 14:22 Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.

```
**9** I have taught much to heathens in Africa, India, and many different parts of the world, but the worst unbelievers to deal with is not that man who has never heard; it's the man who's self centered in his own way and won't heed to God. That's the worst kind to deal with, for they seem to be just so centered that nothing can move them. Say, "Don't talk to me. I don't believe it." Recently a man said to me, said, "Brother Branham, I do not believe in divine healing." I said, "Well, it wasn't for you. It was for believers. 'Him that believeth' that's who it's for. It wasn't for unbelievers in the beginning." I said, "So you'll never draw any dividends off of it. Just don't worry about that." He said, "I believe that sickness is a glory to God." I said, "Well, it's strange you had your wife operated on for appendicitis: must've cut the glory out." So, people that talk like that, there's something wrong. God don't get glory out of people being sick. He wants you to be well. Our blessed Bible said, "Above all things, I would that you'd prosper in health." That's the Scripture. So, we can't deny that.

```
1 Corinthians 14:22 Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.

3 John 1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

```
**10** Now, in order to have faith, faith has to have a basis. You just can't let faith be loose and wild. Faith has to rest itself, not upon the shifting sands of man's reasoning. Faith is based on the solid Rock of God's Word. Faith rests right on God's Word. If the Lord has said so, then that settles it. It doesn't shift about. Men, how sometimes they can explain anything so real and paint the picture so real, but yet faith will never look at that if God's Word is contrary to it. It looks straight to God's Word. And when He said, "I'm the Lord that healeth thee," you believe that, for God said so. And we believe it because God said so.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

```
**11** Now, in the days of Moses, when God sent Moses down to deliver the children of Israel, before He could deliver the children of Israel... First Pharaoh... There arose up a pharaoh who did not know Joseph, and he was a smart pharaoh, perhaps trained in all the theology of Egypt: smart, shrewd. But he didn't have... He had a good reasoning, but he didn't have the Word of God. Now, he reasoned it out scientifically and said, "Looky here. They're all multiplying. They're more of a thrifty people than we are; they can live on a smaller income, and they're gathering and multiplying. So, the thing we must do is stop this right away, kill all the infant babies, males, so that there'll be no more... They won't grow so fast. If Pharaoh... He said, "There might come a war and if a war would fall out," he said, "then they might join themselves with our enemies and fight against us. They'd be greater than we are and powerfuler than we are."

```
Exodus 1:9 And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:

Exodus 1:10 Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.

```
**12** Now, his reasonings was correct, scientifically correct, but where Pharaoh made his mistake was not looking into the Word of God that knowed that great promise that God was going to bless them and bring them out anyhow. No matter what science says, what reasoning says, if it's not based on the Word of God, I'm sure sorry for the person that listens to it. So therefore, faith can't rest on reasoning. It rests on God's Word, what the Lord has said.

**13** Now, when Moses went forth to deliver the children of Israel... Moses was a different person from Pharaoh. Pharaoh looked at it scientifically, which was all right; but if scientific is all right, then if it's contrary to God's Word, don't believe it. If it's with God's Word, thank God for it. Just like, for instance, doctors, hospitals. Some people says we shouldn't have doctors. We shouldn't have hospitals, and perform operations. I disagree with that. I'm very thankful for hospitals and doctors and operations. I'm thankful for these electric lights tonight. I'm thankful for the automobile that brought me up here; but if any time they work contrary to God, I won't fool with it. That's all. But when it's working with God, they are natural blessings that God has given us. The clothing that we wear, the better shoes than sandals were, and it's better than going barefooted. The hats that we wear and so forth. It's better than what we did have before the tree of knowledge produced this; and we're thankful for it. And every discovery along medical science and so forth that can help anybody, we are thankful for it.

**14** Because, remember this, my dear friend: There's no medicine, or no doctor, or no hospital that ever has or ever will heal anybody. There's no drug in the world that can heal you. Ask the doctor. They don't claim to be. I've been interviewed by Mayo Brothers twice. They say, "We do not claim to be healers. We only claim to assist nature. There's one healer; that's God." Look how simple it is. If I cut my hand tonight, here on the platform, they haven't got a medicine in the world can heal that knife cut. We haven't got a medicine in the world that they can guarantee to heal a bad cold. Thousands die every year, doctors and all, with bad colds, see. Penicillin and sulfa drugs isn't healers. It just assists nature while God heals. Say for instance a knife cut my hand, what if I would cut my hand with a knife tonight, and all the doctors in the world could do nothing for it, to healing it. Now, they can keep it clean with tincture Merthiolate, and give me penicillin, and so forth, but they can't heal it because there's no medicine that'll build tissue. God is the only Creator there is.

**15** Now, if they had ... if they had a medicine that would heal a knife cut in my hand, it would heal a knife cut in my coat; it'd heal a knife cut on this desk here. If it'd heal a knife cut, it would heal a knife cut regardless of where it was ... if a medicine healed a knife cut. Now, you say, "Brother Branham, you're getting off of the beaten path." All right. You say, "Medicine is made to heal human bodies, not your coat and the desk." All right. Then I cut my hand with a knife, and I fall dead here on the platform. You might take me down to the morgue and embalm my body with a fluid that would make me look natural fifty years from now, and let the best doctors there is in the world come and sew that place up, give me a penicillin shot five times a day, put all the tincture Merthiolate, salve and cures there is on that. In fifty years from the day, that cut will be just exactly the way it was when it was cut.

**16** Then, if medicine heals the human body, why don't it heal it? See, it wasn't... Now, here's what it is. You say, "Oh, why, Brother Branham, the life is gone out. That's why." Well, that's different. You tell me what life is; I'll tell you who God is. That's right. So, it isn't medicine that heals; it's life that heals. Medicine doesn't build tissue. God builds tissue. God made your first cell. God made every cell that you've got. And now, in the afternoon instruction services you'll hear later on (if the manager doesn't come, well, some of us will get it), where you'll find out how healing takes place, what a cancer is, where it come from. It's a different order. It's a different life. It's a different ... it's a growth inside of you. It don't belong there. The devil put it there. It's a devil. It's exactly what it is.

**17** Here's a natural body that looks just as natural. It's been that way for years. After awhile there may be a cancer on there. It's a body. It's a multiplication of tissues, cells. How did it come there? A few years ago every one of you was just one little germ in the father. Through the holy wedlock and pollen, that little germ into the mother ... the little egg and the little germ went together. The blood cell is from the male sex. The blood has ... mother has nothing to do with the blood of the child. It comes from the father. How God foresaw that many years ago, how that the... You people here, many of you are farmers perhaps. You can take a hen and let her lay ever so many eggs; if she hasn't been with the male bird, they'll never hatch. They're not fertile. The blood comes from the male.

**18** Take an old female bird. She can lay a nest-full of eggs, get up on her and hover those eggs, and set on that nest so loyal and faithful, until she'll get so poor she can't fly off the nest; and unless she's been with the male bird, they'll lay right in that nest and rot. They will not hatch. It just reminds me of some old, cold, formal churches. You can hover them, and beat them around, and call them this, and baby them around and give them PhD's, and everything you ain't got nothing but a nest-full of rotten eggs anyhow. You might as well dump the thing out and get with Christ Jesus, get some faith in the church where it's right. Get with Christ, the Mate. You say, "I don't believe in divine healing. I don't believe in the Holy Spirit." Because you've never come in contact with it. That's it. You get right with God one time, and you'll believe every bit of the Word of God. Every bit of it will be real to you.

**19** That germ comes from the male, and God performs that. He did it years ago. That one little germ begins to grow. It develops into a human body. Now, it grows up to where it is now. Perhaps a cancer comes in there. That's another multiplication of cells. Where did it come from? The first thing it usually... A cancer, being that we're talking on that, is one of the great killers. It can be with any disease, any affliction. It comes from a bruise, usually on the woman's breast. It causes a rose cancer, and it's just like pancakes and there's so forth piled up on one another; and it can be successfully operated if caught in time. There's a red cancer, which is like streaks that goes through; and different kinds: the sarcomas cancer, and other different types of cancer. Being that we're talking of cancer, well then, you can see what I mean. If the doctor can find it in time and cut it out, it's a success. If he cannot, it gets a hold, the patient dies. It just keeps growing; it's sucking the blood. It's a demon. What happens? A cell...

**20** Everything that Satan's got, everything that Satan ever did, he made it off of something God created. Satan's not a creator, but he perverted what God made. That's how he perverted good into wrong. That's how he perverted that cell. In other words, the cell backslides. That's a big word for a Baptist to say, isn't it? But anyhow, the cell backslid, and that's what causes the trouble. And then it begins to develop cell on top of cell. A demon power comes into that cell. You know where you come from. You come from God, but where did this thing come from, called cancer? It come from the devil. There's only two resources that life can come from, either from God or from the devil. And that just keeps growing a great growth. Now, that's what we deal with here on the platform: not the growth itself but the life in the growth. That's what we're dealing with: the life in it. If you was a cancer on earth, the way to get rid of you in the way of divine healing is call your life out of you. You'd fall down on the ground. You're still here on earth, but then for a few days you'll perhaps shrink.

**21** When a human body dies... An undertaker here would know that. Well then, a hunter knows. You shoot a deer tonight and throw it on the scales and tell the boys how much it weighs. In the morning throw it back on the scales, and see how much it went off through the night. Let it lay there a few days, and then throw it on the scale, and look how much more it weighed than it did in the first place. That's how I tell the patients: watch about seventy-two hours; corruption sets in. And that body begins to swell like a little dog laying on the street. He begins to swell after he lays there so long. The patient then that the evil has gone out of the patient, the cancer is dead. For a few days they feel fine. Like the cataract, tumor, or whatever it may be, they feel fine for a few days, and then the first thing you know it begins to swell, swell. And then if the patient isn't truly instructed in the Word of God, they'll lose their healing as sure as anything, because they get sick and get twice as bad as they ever was. And that's the best sign you ever had that you're healed, certainly: it's swelling. It's gone away.

**22** Then if you really... If your faith has been built upon somebody, some divine healer, or somebody professing that's got something when they haven't, then you're gone. But if your faith is built on the Word of God, all devils out of hell wouldn't ever make you deny it, for it's settled down in here. It's not up here in mental theology. It's down here in your heart. It isn't an intellectual faith. It's a faith that's sunk in your heart by Almighty God. No matter how dark the road looks, you still shout the praises of God, 'cause you know God's revealed it to you and that settles it. That's why people sometimes needs to have the instructions. Knowing where your faith lays, not upon man, not upon somebody's ritual, or some curious feelings or something another like that. Your faith is built on the Word of God. There's where faith takes its resting place.

**23** Moses, no matter how great the army was, how Pharaoh's army looked: Didn't mean nothing to Moses. When he met God up there, he knowed God's Word. He was instructed in the Word of God. And when he... God met him with that Angel up there in the burning bush. Could you imagine an old man out there on the side of a hillside on a burning bush, burning, and he stepped aside to see it... What if he'd have went over, just for curiosity, like some people comes to meetings just for curiosity, say, "I'm going to pull some of the leaves off and take it down to the laboratory to have it tested, and see why these leaves don't burn. The fire's all over them, and when the fire goes off, I'll see what chemical was in them." You'll never get anything... There's only one way you'll ever know anything about God; that's by faith you receive it. You believe it because God said so. And what eyes explain, makes nothing about it. You believe it.

**24** And Moses, after seeing that Angel, seeing God's glory... Did you notice Moses wanted to see God's glory before he went? And God showed him His glory. What was it? Divine healing: put his hand in his bosom turned to leprosy and taken it out; put his hand back and healed it again. So, divine healing is God's glory. So, Moses, when he seen that and knowed the Angel, the pillar of fire, was with him, I tell you, he went home and got Zipporah, his wife, and set his two children and her on a mule, and here he went to Egypt.

```
Exodus 4:20 And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

```
**25** Now, you talk about a ridiculous sight. Look at this, some of you Georgia people. There was Pharaoh's army. The opposition of Russia today would be nothing to compare with the world power it had then: Pharaoh's army, the mechanized units, the thousands of chariots, the spearmen, the horsemen. They had all the world beat to defeat. And here goes an old man, eighty years old, whiskers hanging down to his waistline, with a crooked stick in his hand (it dry as a bone), with his wife sitting straddle of a mule, with a child on each hip, glorifying God. Some of them say, "Moses, where you going?" "Going down to Egypt to take over." Could you imagine that? Look what science would say about that. But the good part about it: he did it (Amen.), because God had promised it. And God's Word will never fail. He went down and took over. Opposition means nothing when God has spoken. No matter how bad you're sick, how bad you're crippled, opposition is nothing; but when God speaks, His Word's eternal and forever true. He did it. It was a ridiculous looking sight, but he went down and done it, because he had faith. God had promised it, and he knowed it laid in the realms of God, and he went and done it because God was with him. Certainly.

**26** Now, in the same time when the sons of men had got back in trouble again, God sent His promise again: His Son, the Lord Jesus. When He came, misunderstood... All the teachers of that day had it all just so fixed out, that they knowed what the Messiah was going to be. When He come, they had it just fixed the way it had to be. And you know what? When Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea, the priests was in arguing what kind of buttons they ought to wear on their clothes. That's right, and He was born out there on the hillside, and He never visited one of them. The angels of God came and sang to shepherds. That's right. It's the magis, stargazers over in the east, come following a mysterious star ... or, a light that led them to the Christ.

**27** When He was here on earth, the devils knowed more about Him than the preachers. That's right. The devils... The preachers said, "This man's Beelzebub. He reads minds. He's the wickedest of all the fortunetellers. He's a smart fellow. I tell you. He's a mind reader. He's Beelzebub, the chief of all the fortunetellers." That spirit never did die. Notice. But the devil said, "I know who You are. You're the Son of God, the holy One of God." The devil was right.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 1:24 Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 4:34 Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

```
**28** Paul and Silas was up there having a great revival, and the preachers said, "These guys..." The teachers of that day, not all of them, but the teachers of that day and the great high churches said, "These men turned the world upside down. They're impostors." A little, old fortuneteller sat down on the street, said, "These men are servants of God, that tell us the way of life." You know, you can get so ritualistic till even demon-possessed people who have the conception of spirit know more about things than people that's so ritualistic and formal. That's a great big word. It cuts, but it'll do you good. Amen.

```
Acts 16:17 The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation.

Acts 17:6 And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;

```
**29** Sometimes we have to get real sick, you know, before we need medicine. Mama used to tell us when we'd take castor oil... We're raised in a little old country on pone corn bread and black-eyed peas... And every Saturday night we'd all take a bath in an old cedar tub; pour the water in out of a big old teakettle, and all take a bath, the little old boys, ten of us. And I remember every one had to take a dose of castor oil. I can't stand the stuff yet today. When I'd start to... Mama would tell me... I'd hold my nose; I'd say, "Mama, it makes me so sick. I can't even look at it." She said, "If it don't make you right good and sick, it don't do you no good." So, that's the way the Gospel is sometimes. It don't get you right good and sick, it don't do you much good.

**30** So, Jesus poured the Gospel out from His heart, for He was God's chosen vessel of the hour. Though the people wanted to say Caiaphas was, though they wanted to say that their church had all the light, no need of anybody else saying anything... But Jesus come strictly... Now listen: Christ came on the Word. But it was just a little different than what they was used to hearing. Because that it didn't dovetail in with their mental conception of the Word, then they refused to hear Him. But God was with Him. God performed miracles and worked wonders. He said, "If you can't believe Me, believe the works that I do; for they testify the Father has sent Me." The sons of men: way off, no faith, built upon their churches and things, and no faith left in the Word, only the way they believed it.

```
John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

```
**31** So, we find Christ going about healing the sick, speaking to the people, telling them their different ailments, or whatever was wrong, and they said "That's Beelzebub. You see, He's a fortuneteller. We know He comes from the devil," and so forth. But it didn't hinder Christ a bit. He knew He was sent for a divine purpose, and He was determined to fulfill it, for He knew what the Lord had said. He went about at the task. Every true servant of God will do the same. If it's no more than a little dishwasher in the kitchen by a housewife (Amen.), she'll stand true when she really sees the revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ. No matter what the neighbors say about her 'cause she lets her hair grow out and wears her clothes decent. The neighbors will say she's gone old-fashioned. And I'd rather be silly to the world, than be the devil's fool anytime. I sure had. I think that what... If a person ever has a revelation of God move into their heart, it changes the whole motives, their life, their appetites; and everything they once was has been changed.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

```
**32** Jesus in during a time of His ministry, many of those Pharisees and Sadducees, they believed on Him, but they couldn't openly confess it, because if they did, the alliance told them that they was going to put them out of the synagogues. They was going to be excommunicated if they went down to His meetings. So, that didn't bother Him. He just went ahead preaching anyhow. Now, our story comes tonight for the next few minutes upon one of those type of fellows, by the name of Jairus, who was a ruler of the synagogue. I've always thought that Jairus was a secret believer. He believed in his heart, kind of a borderline believer. He believed in his heart that that truly was a man of God. He believed that that was God's eternal Son, His Prophet, Priest and King, but he was afraid to make mention of it, because he would be thrown out of the synagogue. And that still exists. So then, we find out, if a man's really sincere in his heart, God will work something around so that he'll have to make his colors shine. God usually does that at times.

**33** So, we see Jesus about His tasks, going about. One night He'd crossed the ocean. Storms come up, and He'd went all the way from one country over to another to Gadara, and there He found a maniac. The maniac run out. Of course, the reason He went over there, the Father as we took last night... Jesus said, "I do nothing except the Father shows Me first. First, I see a vision on what to do, then I go do it." Saint John 5:19: Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise.

```
Mark 5:1 And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.

Mark 5:2 And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,

Luke 8:26 And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.

Luke 8:27 And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**34** Then He went to Gadara, and there a maniac met Him and called for mercy. Jesus spoke to the evil spirits, called them out, and they were all... Evil spirit when it's not inhabited in a human body is powerless, seemingly. So it goes over and gets into the hogs, and then they come out and told Him they didn't want Him over there, to leave the country. It would cost them too much to have a revival. But we find out that this maniac went back and testified and gave glory to God. When I get over into Glory Land, I want to meet this maniac that was a maniac, and find out how much pressure his testimony had against hog raising in Gadara after his healing. He really must've stirred the country, but they didn't want the lovely Jesus. They were better satisfied with the hogs and devils than they was with Jesus. That same thing exists today. That's right. Alright, if you don't want Him, He'll never push Himself on you. You have to want Him. You have to have a need.

```
Mark 5:1 And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.

Mark 5:2 And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,

Mark 5:8 For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.

Luke 8:26 And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.

Luke 8:27 And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.

Luke 8:29 (For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)

```
**35** One night the disciples was waiting on Him down by the seashore, and they took off ahead. They thought, Oh well, we can make it anyhow. We will go on out into the sea. And so they rowed on out, went off without Jesus. That's what's the matter with a lot of families around here and everywhere else. You think you can row across the sea of life without Jesus, but you'll find out there'll be trouble in the little bark before you get too far. You can't stem the tides of life without Christ. There they was out... But I love this. (Oh, my, when I think of it.) Now, He knew they went off without Him, but, you notice, He climbed upon the hill, and He watched them out in the sea. And He seen the devil catch them out there in that little whirlwind and begin to dash the boat up and down, but His eye was on them. He was watching for them.

**36** Maybe the devil has caught you out somewhere, and give you a disease or some sickness, or you're backslid, or something like that, but remember He climbed the ramparts of glory and is sitting on high. His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me. He's from everlasting to everlasting God; He steps up and He watches you. He sees where you're at. He knows we're having this meeting tonight. He knows how concerned each one of us are about it. He knows your interest in Him. He knows your interest in the kingdom. He knows where your heart is. So, He watches over His Word. And then, we notice when the little ship was just about ready to sink as she rode up and down in those tides... The mast pole had dropped; the sails were gone; the oars were broken. And there they was, the little ship waterlogged and floating around out there in the sea. The devil said, "I'll have them pretty soon." But all of a sudden they looked, and here He come walking on the waters. Just in the darkest of time, then Jesus comes along.

**37** This may be your darkest hour, sitting here tonight. The doctor might've give you up with a cancer, tuberculosis, heart trouble, but it's right at that darkest of hour when Jesus comes walking by, sometimes unrecognized. They seen Him and noticed the disaster of it all. When they looked and seen Him, they was afraid of Him, because they thought He was a Spirit. Many people tonight who are afraid to attend the meeting, for they said, "I believe this or that." Or they're spiritualists, or they're fortunetellers, or they're demon-possessed or something." And notice in that case there the only thing that could help them, they were afraid of it. And many people tonight are on hospital beds and afflictions, and the only thing that can help them is the lovely Lord Jesus; and they're afraid to give Him a test, to try Him. Amen. That's right.

**38** And as the waters pushed on, after awhile Jesus spoke and said, "Be not afraid. It is I." Peter said, "If it's You, Lord, give me just a little test." Ask and you shall receive. So, He gave him the test, and when he tried to do it in himself, he failed; and every other man will fail. He got his eyes off of Jesus and begin to look how big the waves was. When he seen the waves were contrary, he begin to sink. And every man that will look at his affliction after being prayed for is sure to sink. You don't look at your affliction. You keep your eyes on the promise giver, the Lord Jesus Christ. Keep your eyes on His Word. He's the One who promised. He watches over it to perform it. He keeps it in the hollow of His hand; and in the depths of His heart, it's bedded. His words has to be true. Get your mind off of your sickness, off of your troubles. Keep your eyes on Jesus.

```
Matthew 14:27 But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid.

Matthew 14:28 And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.

Matthew 14:29 And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.

Matthew 14:30 But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.

Mark 6:50 For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid.

John 6:20 But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid.

John 16:24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.

```
**39** Then notice, over on the other side of the shore... As soon as they'd got over there, a little woman was up on the hill up there. Perhaps had spent all of her money on doctors, and none of them could do her any good. Perhaps mortgaged the farm, sold the teams, everything that they had. And none of them could do her any good, but she constantly grew worse and worse. What a time! The doctors probably with all the sincerity had tried to stop that blood issue, but they couldn't do it. But I can imagine her saying, "If I could only be over in the other land where that Prophet is, if I could only get close enough to touch His garments... I believe every word He says comes from the Word of God. If I could only touch His garment, I'd be made whole. For I've heard many things of Him." And that night when Jesus toiling all night and the disciples across the storm-blowing sea, the devil trying to hinder the meeting just as hard as he could... He'll do that to every God-sent meeting. You have it in your Methodist church, your Baptist church, your churches wherever they may be, the devil will work everything he can to keep it from coming. Go on anyhow. God said so. Stand toe to toe with Him and say "Thus saith the Lord: Resist the devil and he will flee from you."

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

```
**40** So they moved right on in. I can see that tired bunch of disciples, weary and worn from pulling through the night, Jesus nodding in the back of the ship. When the little, old boat pushed into the willows, I can hear the crowds begin to say, "Here comes that divine healer. Well, let's look and see what He's got to say. I'd like to hear Him speak a few words. Maybe He'll perform a miracle or two that we can see. I know He says He don't do nothing but what the Father shows Him; but, ah, we'll just bring some people down and see what He can do." Jesus ignored them, walked right on. He wasn't fussing with them. He had the Father's will to do. That little woman, she pressed right on through every one of them unbelievers, probably crawling between the crowds and beneath the people, till she touched His garment, moved back out with a perfect satisfaction that her faith had made a contact; rested. And when she did that, Jesus turned and said, "Who touched Me?" Looked all around over the audience, and everybody denied it was them. Directly He looked down upon that little woman, said, "Thy faith has made thee whole, daughter."

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**41** All right. About that time there was a little man back over on the other side of the hill a few miles away. He belonged to the fine denomination of the Pharisees---wonderful church, had a lot of social prestige. Perhaps Jairus stood good in his city as a great teacher of theology. He may had his BA. He may had his LD, whatever it was. He was all dressed up as a professor. Down in beneath all those priestly robes, he truly believed that that was the Son of God. So, God give him an opportunity to profess his faith and to put it to work.

**42** Alright. We find out, when Jesus got onto the shore... The day before that the doctor probably come, as a Christian usually does, or believer, or whatever it is. When someone gets sick, they do what they can for them. Jairus had one little girl about twelve years old. She took sick. God knew what He was going to do. That's the reason Jesus come over there. So, Jairus' little girl took sick at about twelve years old. The doctor perhaps came, and checked her over, and said, "Well, we'll give her a few of these remedies; these boiled leaves and barks and so forth. She'll probably pull out of it. She's got a little fever or so forth." Days past, respiration begin to fall. All of these remedies---the poor man doing everything that he knew in that day to do. He done all he could, probably an immediate friend to the family. He used all of his drugs and everything he could, and the girl grew worse and worse. Finally he come in, and taken her pulse perhaps, and said, "Well, come out here, Jairus, you and your wife, I want to speak to you. I got something sad I have to say to you. I hate to do it, as your doctor, but in all my scientific knowledge that I have---your child's a dying. I'm watching her heartbeat. It's slowing up every minute. I've give her everything that I know how to give, and still she goes worse and worse. The respiration's about gone. Your child can't live but a little while longer, so you get ready for the shock."

**43** Little Jairus---and the doctor doing everything he could do---I imagine he paid the doctor, thanked him for all of his service, and went away. Poor little fellow, Mrs. Jairus, she was crying---probably Jairus, himself. Then way back down in the gable end of his soul, there was a little spark that he'd heard Jesus of Nazareth was the Son of God, and the promise that God would send Him in that day and would do these things, 'cause Isaiah said, "The lame shall leap like a hart," and so forth would take place. And if that Man was a fulfilling of that promise, then He had the glory of God with Him. So, he said... I can see him go in and get his hat. And all the people, the members of the synagogue, around to watch the child die. And I can hear them say, "Jairus, where goest thou?" Well, Jairus said, "I'm going to take a little visit." Somebody must've told him that Jesus was coming. That's a good message to preach even today: "Jesus is coming."

```
Isaiah 35:6 Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert.

```
**44** Well, they heard He was going to be down there ... was down there, rather, at the willows, at the river-bank, and they heard that He was coming. So, "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word of God." So, Jairus gets his little hat on, his little priest hat, and here he goes. I can hear his church members say, "Jairus, where're you going?" His wife said, "Honey, where're you going?" "I'm making my way to see Jesus," he said. That's a good thing to do. In the hour of distress, make your way to Him, for He's a very present help in the time of trouble. I can hear his associates and all the deacon board say to him, "Boy, you'll be excommunicated. Remember that. Just wait till the next general meeting, and we'll sure have you throwed out. You know what the high priest said, 'Anybody would fool around such a fellow as that, we don't have nothing to do with that.'"

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**45** But listen, the time had come, the crucial moment, that he had a need. That's what we need today. When the time comes for a need, when death's knocking on your door, if you've never tasted of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and know the power of God to be born again... You might laugh at it now, but when the need comes, you don't care who's standing around, whether you're excommunicated or not, you'll find your way to Christ, as certain as anything. Your church creeds won't have nothing to do at that day. No matter how loyal a member of the church you've been, Jesus said, "Except a man be born again..." That little spark that makes you believe that, listen to it tonight; water it with faith. God will grow it into a tree of salvation to you.

```
John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

```
**46** Now, as we see this little fellow making his way down, and all the people criticizing him... But remember, he couldn't say now, "Oh, I'll wait till a more convenient time." It was then. Action had to take place. He had to get to Jesus, or his child would die. And brethren, tonight, if we don't get people to Christ, they'll die. The hour is here. People says, "I'll believe in divine healing in the millennium." Well, what do you need with divine healing when you're immortal? Today is the day, no more chance. This is the day of salvation. Let's get people to Christ.

**47** Then I can see Jairus as he moves on. After awhile he comes in contact with this lovely little fellow coming, weary-eyed, drooped-down, looked to be fifty when He was only thirty, probably graying a whole lot, the strain of the work. They told Him, He looked like He was fifty. Said, "You're not a man yet no more than fifty, and You say you have seen Abraham." He said, "Well, before Abraham was, I AM." There He was, but He looked fifty when He was thirty, probably stooped over a little as He walking about. When Jairus seen Him, there stood all the priests around mocking Him, making fun of Him and everything. Some of them glorifying God for healing the woman. The priest said, "It's nothing but mental telepathy. There's nothing to it." "He didn't know that woman. How did He know she had a blood issue?" "I don't believe that. That's of the devil. He's Beelzebub." Making fun of Him and everything. But some of them was hollering, "Hosanna to God in the highest." They were rejoicing.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 21:9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 11:10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 8:57 Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?

John 8:58 Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.

```
**48** Then I can see the priest say, "You see who's doing that? The trash, the lowbrows." Oh, my, if it takes that to believe God, I'm a lowbrow then. That's right. The common people heard Him gladly. Then Jairus walked up and become one of those lowbrows, as the street expression is. He run up, and fell down at His feet, and he said, "Lord, I've got a little girl laying over there, just at the point of death." I can imagine him saying this, "I heard of You. Always down in my heart, I believed that You was. I know I've been taught not to believe it and everything, but Lord, down in my heart You know my heart, if You knowed that woman's blood issue; and You knew all these other things that You know. And God has told You. No doubt but what You know my heart. So, I come. Come, lay Your hands upon her, and she'll live." There you are, just where your faith lies.

```
Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

```
**49** Now, to Jairus was, "Lay Your hands on her." That was the Jewish way. The Jews laid on hands. But the centurion, not so. He said, "I'm not even worthy for You to come under my roof. Just speak the word, and my servant will live." Look at that authority. He said, "I'm a man under authority. I say to this man, 'Go, do this.' and he doeth it. I say to this one, 'Come' and he cometh." For he knew that this was a centurion over a hundred men, and them hundred men had to do just exactly what he commanded. And he knowed that Jesus Christ had all sickness and demons under His hands. "Just speak the word." Hallelujah! I know you're going to call me holy roller, so you might as well get the rest of you start right now. That's right. It's enough to make one out of you. Oh, "Speak the word." That's all you need. "Just say the word, and my servant will live." Amen.

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

```
**50** Jairus said, "I've been taught laying on of hands, so come lay Your hands on my girl." Jesus knew He was going anyhow. Said, "Here we go." And away they went; little Jairus kind of looking around the crowd, and my, he kind of felt better after he heard Jesus say, "I will go." If you can get an audition with Jesus in a few minutes, all ... everything clears up. You don't care what they say about you from then on, as long as you can get Jesus to talk to you a little. Here he goes down the road. His little head throwed back, smiling, you know, looking around at everybody. He didn't care how much they laughed at him. He was walking with Jesus. Anybody ever walks with Him don't care what the critics says. You ever walk with Him... Here he is walking along the road. "This guy is a seer. This is the fellow. This is the Man. I know He done it in other places, and He's already give me the assurance. Here I go." Walking right along.

```
Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

```
**51** Watch the devil now. He said, "I'll bring the props out from under him. I'll fix him up." About time they got a few hours down the road, here come a man running, saying, "Don't trouble the Master any further. Your little girl is already dead. We done laid her out. She's dead. Don't trouble the Master any farther." When Jairus heard that, I can see his little heart skip a beat. He grabbed his heart. He looked over toward Jesus. Jesus with that clear cut... One... Oh, my, I can't even find a word to say: that "know so, never in trouble." No matter how troubled it was around Him, He was always at peace. I can see those sacred eyes move over to see the reaction of Jairus. Said, "Fear not. Only believe. You'll see the glory of God." He knowed where He was going. He knowed what would take place. He knowed what the vision had spoke. He knowed God was faithful to the Word.

```
Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

```
**52** When He gets up around the place there, all of them was screaming and crying. I can hear the Pharisees from Jairus' church, saying, "There you are. There you are. Fool around one of them divine healers. The doctor told you your child was going to die. So, now you see you've brought disgrace. Now what are you going to do?" Little Jairus with his head up walked right on in. The people out there going on and making a big to-do. Jesus said, "Give place." In other words, "Keep quiet." He said, "The girl's not dead. She's asleep." Now, what do you think they said, those people who didn't know God? They knowed Him by the way of the church, but I know the way of salvation. They said, "Now we know He's completely crazy, saying that she's not dead. And we got her laying out in there. The doctor says she's dead; the undertaker probably says she's dead. There she is cold and laying out on the couch. Why, she's dead, and here this fanatic says she's not dead; she's asleep. Away with such a fellow."

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Mark 5:39 And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

```
**53** You know what Jesus did? They laughed at Him. You know what He did? He put them out. That's right. So, don't laugh at Him; you might get put out. He put them out. Put all of them out, on the outside. How could He do anything around a bunch of unbelievers like that? What believers need to do is congregate themselves together and pray till Christ comes into their midst. Then signs and wonders will take place. There He was; He put them all out. There He was all enclosed about with all this unbelief. He stood there with the father and the mother of the child. They believed. Peter, James, and John was the only one could go with Him: faith, hope and charity. Walked them into the room, closed the doors behind Him. On the outside there was a wall of unbelief, but Jesus was possessed with a power, that after earthly things had failed He could speak with another language. And He spoke out into the world yonder where the child's soul was, and a girl that was laying stiff and dead, rose again to her feet in a bloom of life. Called her to her life as He spoke out, "Tabitha," and He called her back, "Daughter, arise." And He picked her up by the hand and said, "Give her some food." They'd probably embalmed her, and the blood was gone. So, they said, "Give her some food till she gets strengthened."

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Matthew 9:25 But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Mark 5:41 And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

Mark 5:43 And he charged them straitly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Luke 8:55 And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

```
**54** Oh, I'm so glad tonight to know that that Jesus Christ still lives and reigns and still is the same God tonight that He was in that day. He's forever alive. Have faith in God. I am so glad corruption knew its Master. The spirit knew its Creator, and nothing else could do; but it had to return as soon as that Son of God called her. I'm glad tonight that, if He should call, our names are on His book. Aren't you? My sinner friend, I trust tonight by God's grace, that your name will be placed upon His book also, that you may know Him in the pardoning of sin, that you may know Him as your Saviour, while we pray if you will. The pianist ... or, organist, rather, will come if she will, and play softly "Abide With Me," if you will, sister. While the audience keeps their head bowed for a moment. Every one in prayer now, believing with all your heart. Jesus, the Son of God, knows all things, can do all things. He loves everyone.

**55** Now, if you're not a Christian, if you're not a believer, I trust that just now God would speak to your heart and say, "This is the hour to believe." Our heavenly Father, as we're waiting now. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word." I pray Thee, Father, to be merciful to us all. Pardon us of all of our sins and trespasses. Forgive us. And it is written in Thy holy Word, "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life; and shall not come into judgment, but's passed from death to life." Father, may many be brought to a believing and saving knowledge of Thee this night. For we ask it in Christ's name. And with our heads bowed, praying.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**56** Is there anyone in Divine Presence anywhere would say by an uplifted hand, "Pray for me, Brother Branham. I am a sinner." God bless you, son. God bless you, sir. God bless you, and God bless you and you. All up in the balconies. Oh, my. As I go out this way to look again. You can just see them from everywhere. God be merciful. Oh, my. Way up here to my left as I go over here, take a look... Up in there, would you raise your hands?

**57** [Gap in the audio] Daniel saw one vision and was troubled at his head for many days. Is that right? True. You say, "Well, Brother Branham, I don't know about that." Most all [unclear words] prophets and so forth are considered neurotics. Look at William Cowper. He wrote "There Is A Fountain Filled With Blood Drawn From Emmanuel's Veins." After writing that song, tried to find a river to commit suicide. Look at Stephen Foster. Your southern people, how you love him for old folk songs. He wrote some of the greatest heart-felt folk songs in the world, and look at him. Every time he ... every time... He was considered a neurotic. Every time he'd write a song, then go out and get on a drunk, and finally called a servant and took a razor and committed suicide. He would go up in inspiration. Look at the prophet Jonah. After being in a ride in the belly of a whale for three days and nights, he come out and preached with such force in the city... That city was the size of St. Louis over here. Said people repented so that they put sackcloth on their animals. Then went up and set down under a little old tree up there ... a vine, and prayed God would take his life.

```
Daniel 7:15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.

Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

Jonah 3:5 So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.

Jonah 4:3 Therefore now, O LORD, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is better for me to die than to live.

```
**58** Look at the prophet Elijah. After he stepped on Mount Carmel, and called fire out of heaven, and water out of heaven on the same day, and the great signs he done, and then run out into the wilderness after the vision left him, and was wandering in that wilderness for forty days and nights; and God found him pulled back into a cave, see. Little different maybe than what you read, but see if that isn't true, see. It's the truth, see. It does something to you. No use trying to explain it. You just believe it. That's all. Now, let's... I believe last night we was calling the prayer cards. The boy give out a hundred last night. We called a few of the first ones. Let's go over in kind of the middle of them and start calling tonight somewhere. Let's call from... So we just get a few up here---that's all it takes---just a few to get the Spirit of God moving, and then He just starts moving all over the place. You see? That's all it takes. You don't have to be up here. Don't have nothing to do with it up here.

```
1 Kings 19:9 And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, Elijah?

```
**59** I want to just get feel the first night, the people. Every one of you is a human being. Every one of you has a soul, a spirit, and all those spirits are moving; and you touch it, and you feel it. That's the reason Jesus took the man by the hand and led him out of the crowd. That's the reason I said tonight, He put everybody out of the house to just go... See, you've got to get them out to yourself until the people really steps in that faith, and then it moves everywhere. Let's begin somewhere. Let's see. Let's begin about 51. Who has prayer card, say, 51? Do you have...? Is that in the audience? Prayer card 51? Look at your card. Do you have your prayer card 51? All right. Who has 52? We will start right along like that. Would you come here, sir? 52? Does anybody got prayer card 52? Lady? 53, would you raise up if you have 53? Lady? 54, would you raise up? All right. 55? 56? 56, the lady here? 57? 58? 59? 60? Now, while I'm... Everyone, now just be real reverent and just be seated right where you are now. Just keep praying. Now, up in the audience, everwhere you are. I don't care if you're back [unclear words] over the [unclear words] . That don't have anything to do with it. Look this way and believe and see what happens. Listen for your name, see.

**60** Listen. How many back up in there is sick tonight? Don't have a prayer card anywhere in the audience anywhere, don't have a prayer card and are sick and want Jesus to heal you? Raise your hand. Just look. My, I just believe it's going to be so... Now, what you do is do this: Just set around and pray. Be real reverent, just reverent. Don't move around. Just set there and pray, say, "Lord Jesus, I..." Don't strain yourself. Don't get nervous. Just relax. Say, "Oh, Father, I'm so thankful to be in Your presence out here under the [unclear words] sky. I want You to be merciful to me tonight. I need. Have the preacher just to turn around and speak to me to encourage my faith, or something. Let him call me individually. Then just give me the encouragement of that, Lord, and I will be so thankful." You do that, and approach Him thankfully, reverently, and you'll find out that God will do it for you if you'll do that.

**61** How many have you out there? Oh, let's just call few more. What's the last number that was out there? What's your number, sister? 60? Let's call about five more. 61, -2, -3, -4, -5, and that'll make a right nice little line of people. I don't... It doesn't make a difference how many stands up. It's just the idea you don't want too many here now at one time, you see. 'Cause you have to stand so long, and sometimes I don't get out. The Spirit goes into the audience, and I've got to follow the Spirit. That's all I can do. Now, let's bow our heads just a moment. Every head bowed; and be reverent, just as reverent as you can be. Be faithful, be praying, having faith in God. Oh, have mercy, Lord. I pray Thee to breathe upon this audience tonight, of Thy divine presence. Make all things possible, Lord. May Thou Holy Spirit move in great, tremendous ways and bless this audience, as we wait reverently in Jesus' name. Amen.

**62** Now, let's everyone be reverent; and if you're... Now, wait just a moment. I want to look through this audience of people. Do you out there that's in the prayer line, would you look this way just a minute, each one of you? Are you all strangers to me, everyone? If you are, raise up your hands, if you all are strangers. All right. Now, the only ones that I know in the meeting are my associate here, Brother Wood, standing over here. Of course, I know him. He's with us. He's the book salesman. Here sets Leo Mercier and Gene Goad down here, friends of mine with the my recorders. I... They bring ... they have the tapes and so forth. And Brother Beeler here; I know him; he follows the meeting also. And Brother Toms from South Africa. As far as I know, that's the only people here that I know, outside of my boy standing out there with the sick people. That's the only ones on the grounds that I know of. I met a couple of fine ministers the other day here, brothers of this committee in here, but I wouldn't know them now, I guess, if I'd see them out there. I don't see them, and I just barely remember their face that's [unclear words] .

**63** I want to tell everybody just to be real quiet now and keep your children near you, especially epilepsy. Epilepsy is one thing that gets away from me. Do you realize you're dealing with demon spirits? How many realize that? Let's see. Put your hands up anywhere. In the Bible, don't you remember when the man had epilepsy; and somebody went over, and didn't have the authority, and said, "I adjure you by Jesus who Paul preaches, come out." And that spirit come out and got on the man. Here not long ago there was a certain minister came to a meeting. He had about twenty-eight of his congregation. A little baby was on the platform, and the little baby had epilepsy, had a rag wrapped around a stick in its mouth ... or, a clothespin, it was. And they had a... The baby was having fits. I couldn't get them to stop. And this minister setting out there, kind of smiling unto himself, and I looked around. I told them all, put their heads down. They wouldn't do it. This fellow just set there. So, an usher went back to him. He said, "Listen, this is a public place, and you... I will do as I please." I said, "All right. It's up to you." I said, "Father, don't let this poor innocent child have to suffer the sins of that man. Now, Satan, you leave him, but you're at liberty to do what you want to." And thousands of people sitting there. There was a whole twenty-eight took epilepsy, and fell on the floor frothing, and everything, and still got epilepsy too. And that's just one of the thousands of cases. So, you be reverent. We're not playing church. You're in the presence of God, see. So, be reverent. Be seated. And just whatever's said, you do just exactly what the Spirit of the Lord says do.

```
Acts 19:13 Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.

```
**64** Now, shall we just all sing together slowly, if you will, "Only Believe." Just all together now, together. All right. Only believe Now just sing and believe with all your heart now. That's right. There's something that's bothering you [unclear words] . ...things are possible, only believe (Each one confessing his faith.) Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only... I wonder how many will do this with me? Put up your hand and sing it like this: Now, I believe. Now, I believe, now, I believe, All things are possible, now I believe; Now, I............... Heavenly Father, come upon the service at this time, [unclear words] I pray Thee. Help us tonight, Lord, as You minister; may the Angel of [unclear words] presence of Thee in Jesus' name. Now, I believe. [Gap in the audio]

**65** Now [unclear words] you will. Now just look this a way. Believe with all your heart. Be expecting. Be expecting God to touch your body. He will do it. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit under my control for the glory of God. Mind the Holy Spirit. Here, bring this man here. Now, be reverent as you just walk up this way a little closer, sir. That's all right. Now, to the people in the audience, wherever you are, be reverent. Listen for your ... for you, 'cause when it goes... Did they show the picture of it here tonight? Did you see it, the Angel of the Lord on the picture? They'll probably get to it sometime. It's here. They taken it and got it in Washington, DC, and it's the only supernatural Being that's ever scientifically proven to be true. The copyright's right with it; the Douglas Studios at Houston, Texas.

**66** And now, when it leaves, and I see it move over the audience, I have to watch where it's at. And when I speak, you listen for your na... listen for to who it is. Be reverent wherever it is. And when you're standing here, you in the prayer line, just listen to what He tells you; then do just exactly. And you'll notice now when I come from... If He anoints me, when I come from it, if it's me speaking, it would be me, but if it's the Holy Spirit and something's to happen, it will say, "Thus saith the Lord." Now, watch that, and you audience, and when it does, mark it down on a little piece of paper or something and watch it. If that don't come to pass, just that way, you send it to me. The recorders here pick up everything. That's what the boys are here for, is to pick up those recordings, you see. We have every word; and not one time since I was a little tiny baby has it ever failed. It can't. It's God, see. If it would be mine, it would fail every time; but it's God, and He can't fail.

**67** Now, a man standing here before me, probably a man my age, maybe a little older. As far as I know, he and I are strangers to each other; are we, sir? We do not know each other, but God knows us both. As soon as you walk up here, I perceive that you are a believer, 'cause your spirit feels welcome; and that's the way I know that. When Nathanael came up to the Lord Jesus, He said, "Behold an Israelite," see. He knew that he was welcome, you see. And just as soon as I turned to you, if you'd been a critic or something, it would have been a dark shadow moving in there; and I knowed there'd been something wrong. But you are a believer, and between you and I now is something, that perhaps maybe me going under this influence of the divine presence of God... I don't know what it... But you're aware that something's taking place. Now, as an honest man, if you're... Would you raise your hand to the people that they might know that you can tell that you're in the presence of something besides man that's supernatural?

**68** Now, to anyone who stands this close, between me and the man, is that pillar of fire like. It's just a circling between me and he. He knows... Now, It'll drop to either he or I in a few moments. He knows he's in the presence, in divine presence. I do not know the man. I have never seen him; but now if the Holy Spirit should anoint, why, He'll tell you something that will encourage you or discourage you, one. That I do not know. It'll have to take Him to do it. But if He does, you will admit it then; if it's truth, you'll admit it? And you'll be willing to do anything that He tells you to do? And if it's the truth what He tells you, then you know that His divine presence is here telling me what to say to you. Isn't that right? Well, may He grant it, is my sincere prayer, brother. You're the first patient here tonight. People with lots of faith in the audience, and they're moving from everywhere. Powers of sickness is moving in, and it's people's faith doing it, see. It isn't me. It's their own faith pulls that. It wasn't Jesus healed the woman. He said, "Thy faith has saved thee," see. If wasn't ... it wasn't Him. Her faith did it, and that's the same thing in here. Faith pulling from everywhere around now.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**69** But I see that between you and I there seems to be something like dripping. I see it moving between you and I, like drops of something a falling. It's a ... it's a blood condition. It's something in the blood. It's acids in your blood, I believe the doctor says. It's a... I see that kind of thin fellow says, "It's a acid in your blood, and it's caused by a case of diabetes." It has been diabetes that's caused the acid to come into your blood. Is that right? [Man says, "That's right. That's the truth. That is the truth."] Now, you believe? Now, see, more you talk to the man... See, now that you might know... Now, I could just pray for you. I don't know, but I turn around now while the anointing is speaking and talk to the man, He might... Just longer you talk... But usually I don't say much to a person, 'cause there's others, and it just weakens so. But that you might know now. Now, we'll just talk to the brother just a little bit longer, see if the Holy Spirit would say anything.

**70** Would you desire to see that if it be God's will? Pray that it'll be God's will. That we might know just to talk to you now. Now, what it said was the truth. We'll see just what He would say again, and if He should say anything, 'course it would be Him. It couldn't be me. You know that. You realize that, but ever what it was, 'course it seems a dream now. It's another world. I see it moving between us again. No, it's a ... it's another man, and the man's got something that's in his eyes, about a... Oh, it's a ... it's a son. You got a boy or something, or a son, haven't you? It's got something wrong with his eyes. [I have.] And then I see a little girl. That's his daughter, which is your granddaughter. She's got something wrong with her eyes. [That's the truth, folks. That's the truth.] You believe? [I believe. I do believe.] Now, as you have believed, go, and find it just the way you believe it. In the name of the Lord Jesus, I bless my brother for the glory of God. May the Lord bless you, my dear brother.

**71** Just have faith. Believe God with all your heart. You can have what you want, if you'll just have faith to believe it. [Gap in the audio] . All right. Now, as far as that is concerned, the whole audience ought to have faith now to be healed. Isn't that right? Every one should have faith. Every one should believe. I see the Angel of the Lord hanging over a little lady, looking right at me, praying. Got trouble with your hip, haven't you, sister? You was praying then. You said, "Lord, let him turn to me." You also have a hernia, don't you? That's right, and you got a tumor, haven't you? If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, you can stand up on your feet. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, heals you, and you're well; your faith has made you whole. Just have faith. Keep praying; keep believing. Don't doubt. Believe all things are possible. Oh, how marvelous, how wonderful our Lord Jesus is.

**72** Now, is this the lady? Is this the lady that they brought? I see you have a sign, "Personal Worker." Are you working in this meeting, are you, lady? All right. We're strangers to each other, I suppose. This is our first time ever meeting in life, but the Lord Jesus Christ knows both of us, doesn't He? He knows me; He knows you. He knows everything that I ever did do, all you ever did do. He knows what I will do. He knows what you will do. So, our destination lays within His grips, in His hands. And only He alone is able to do this. Are you aware of that, sister? Well, us being strange to each other and only God alone can do these things, then if I talk to you like our Lord and Master, which is present now, talked to the woman at the well... He said, "Bring Me a drink." And He begin to carry a conversation with her, till He found out just exactly where her trouble was. He found one trouble with her; that was: she was living in adultery. He said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "You got five." She said, "I perceive that You're a Prophet." Said, "I know that when Messiah cometh, He will tell us these things."

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

```
**73** That was the very sign of the Messiah. Was that right? That's the sign of the Messiah today. Is that right? For the Messiah is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the same in principle, same in power, same in works. And the Messiah, Himself, said, "I do nothing except the Father shows Me first what to do." But I'm talking to you just like He did to her, catching your human spirit, and us being strangers. Now, the first thing, I see the woman (if the audience, if my voice is loud enough now, as I hope it is) I see the woman moving away from me. There's something wrong with her spine. She's got a spinal trouble, and her spine is bad. That is true. Isn't it, lady? If that's right, raise up your hand. See how infallible our Holy Spirit of God is? There's your trouble. Just exactly. Now, whether God can heal or not, that depends on her faith, see. These things are not to heal people. It's to bring you conscious of God being here, see.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**74** Now, you can say, that man's a ... anything you want to call it. Whatever you call it, it'll determine your destination. I say that, see. Whatever... The man that smote Jesus in the face didn't feel any virtue. Certainly not. But the woman who touched His garment felt virtue. You touch Him tonight, not me. Oh, my, don't think that: not me; Him, see. I'm just as you are. Worse than you are, lower, 'cause you people's been in this way a long time. I'm just a baby in it (see), and you just call me your brother, and I come to you. But some of you old saints of God here's been in these old churches around here, carrying their cross for years and years. I feel honored to stand before you, so I'm sure, without a shadow of doubt, I'm presenting the Lord Jesus Christ to you. That's right. Now, if you believe it... I hope you do.

**75** Now, the lady. Let's see, what...? What did...? Oh, it's spinal trouble, I believe it was. All right. Now, that's what is wrong. Now, if I'd talk to the lady a little longer, it would keep telling her more things, or whatever. It might. I don't know. We'll just talk to her a minute and see what the Holy Spirit would say. So that you can see, that it's just not something you're guessing. It's a reality. Now, it just... He's such a marvelous Lord Jesus, so wonderful. Now, it left me just then. It moved out from me. I felt it go. It went to someone. Now, just as sure as anything. It left, went to someone. The anointing left me; Life went out. Look at the perspiration breaking on top of my hand, see, see. It went from me. Somebody in the audience... Let's see.

**76** Now, here... Now, if you that feel that you're in the Spirit... Now, look standing right here. Do you see that Light? It's hanging right over a little lady sitting here, looking at me. She's been suffering. I see her going about something, holding her head. She's having headaches. Been having headaches. She's sitting right in here. Do you believe that the Lord Jesus heals you? Will make you well? You accept it and you believe it? If you do, you may have it. The Lord Jesus bless you, see. You don't need prayer cards, see. You need faith. Faith does the work. See, how faith makes you whole.

**77** Now, this is the patient, I believe. So we'll... Oh, He just spoke to you, didn't He, telling you something was wrong with you. Now, do you believe Him with all your heart that He'll heal you? With all your heart, you believe you'll get... [With all my heart.] I see you ... you've been... I see some building, a kind of a building you've been into or something. You was... It's a ... it's a ... it's a hospital. You've just come from a hospital, and it was a... You've got a blood pressure. I see them taking your pressure like this, and it's dangerously high, ready for a stroke. That is right, and there's a little girl with you, and that little girl has something wrong with her foot. It's crippled in its foot, left foot I believe it is. I see it as it throws its left foot, and that little girl is the daughter of your niece. [Yes.] That's right, and that lady, the mother of the child, works in a hospital. That's the truth. Now, go lay your hand on the child, and may the Lord grant unto you the desire of your heart.

**78** Let us say, "Praise be to God." God is a worship ... an object of worship. "They that worship Him, worship in Spirit and in truth." Do you believe with all your heart? If you believe, you can receive whatever it is. Just have faith in God. God will grant to you the blessings if you'll believe it. Oh, my. This lady sitting right here having ... looking around this way, do you believe with all your heart that God will heal you of that hay fever? Do you believe that God will make you well? Kind of shocked you a little, didn't it? You believe that He will make you well? If you do, you can have what you ask for. Amen. High blood pressure? You believe that God will heal you of that high blood pressure? If you believe it, you can have what you ask for. That's right. God bless you. Amen.

```
John 4:23 But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.

```
**79** How do you do, lady? We're strangers to each other, aren't we? Now, we being strangers to one another, but yet, you know that you're in the presence of something besides your brother, don't you? See, it's His presence, you see. Isn't that a wonderful feeling? See, it just settling now, coming between me and the woman. She moves way back. A dark streak follows her. I see her many years ago. She's much younger than she is. You were stricken with something or other that looks like that they couldn't... You was asleep ... or, a sleeping disease. That's what you had, and it's come back on you again, and you're getting to a place where you're all excited. I see you wondering about whether you should drive a car and things like that. You're being worried about those things. Isn't that the truth? You believe that God's going to make you whole this minute? Come here. And heavenly Father, as Your Spirit here that knows all things, I pray God that You'll bless this woman, who I bless in Thy name; and may she go and be whole in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. May His mercies rest with you and be upon you.

**80** How do you do, lady? We are strange to each other too, I suppose? And we do not know each other, but God knows us both. Isn't that right? If He knows us both, He knows all things. He can do all things. He's omnipotent, omnipresent. So, He's all present, omnipotent. He can do all things. I see you not ... some time ago. You was going ... you went for an examination and was examined for cancer, and you're going back again. Have to go back soon to get a examination to test again to see if it's cancer. That's right. That you might know that I am your brother and telling you the truth, you got someone you're interested in. It's a blind person. That's your daughter, and she's a blind person. The handkerchief that you have in your hand, lay it on her, then bring us word what your doctor tells you about the cancer. You'll find that it's all right. God bless you, my sister. May His mercies rest upon you. Praise be to God who gives all things freely. Whosoever will may come and drink from the waters, the fountains of life freely. Praise God. Every spirit's subject. See, you couldn't hide yourself now. He's here. If you'd look this way I'd pass... I couldn't heal you, but you couldn't hide your life. That's right.

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**81** Here lays an elderly lady looking at me. I know what's wrong with her. She has palsy. Her husband sitting by her is hard of hearing. Here's a lady sitting here with a gall bladder trouble, just come from a hospital. The little girl there in the wheelchair's got polio: stricken. Have faith. Believe. That's what it takes. I can't heal. God never give me something to heal somebody. He give me a gift to stimulate your faith in Him, to know He's present. What do you think in there, lady, sitting there on the end of the seat, sitting there with that liver trouble? Do you believe that Jesus Christ heals you then? You felt something went over you, wasn't it? That's it. You were healed. Amen. That lady that laid her hand over on her, she got a blessing too at that time, because she had a bladder trouble; and she was healed then. Amen. That's right. That's exactly right.

**82** The lady sitting next to her, hugging up against her shoulders, you got a rupture, haven't you, lady? That's right. Amen. See, you can't hide His presence. He's here. Amen. Hallelujah to the Lamb of the living God. Omnipresent. Wherever two or more are gathered in My name, I will be in their midst. Whatsoever thing you shall ask in prayer that will I do." Listen. I am not a fanatic. God knows that. Our heavenly Father, who looks down in heaven... I'm looking at that audience back in front of me there; and the God of heaven who will judge me at this day of the judgment when He comes, constantly the lights of God is flashing from that audience back in there. It's dimming out. I'm getting so weak I can hardly stand here, but many people back in there are getting healed.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

Matthew 21:22 And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.

```
**83** They're too far back for me to just see exactly who you are, but God in heaven knows that. Many times has it flashed over the people there, and I know It's God's sign to me that them people are being healed right along through there, and God knows that's the truth, as I stand by His sacred Word. Amen. Watch. Long time after I'm gone, you'll find out that that's the truth. Amen. It's your faith a doing that. Praise be to God. I love Him. How wonderful He is. We just thank Him with all our hearts for His goodness, don't we? I'm just waiting a moment, friends. Just... You don't realize what it is. You get into a... Oh, He is so wonderful. You just feel like you're going to take a rapture, just... My, how great it is to know that the anointing of the Holy Spirit that will take the church in the rapture someday is present. Now, the people that's called the people that believe in God, fanatics and holy-rollers, you ought to be ashamed of yourself, for God is with them, vindicating He's here. Look at when Israel come up out of Egypt. The sign was before them, that proved that God was with them. Amen. How we love Him. How we praise Him for His goodness. He's from everlasting to everlasting. He's God.

**84** This man standing here, is this the patient? Excuse me, sir. We're strangers to each other, I suppose. I do not know you. But just watching... I didn't mean to make you wait, sir, but just... I can't explain it, see. You're here. I don't know why. He knows why you're here, and He's the only One that can heal you, if you're sick. If it's financial troubles, He's the only One can support it. If it's domestic troubles, He's the only One who can clear it up. The only thing I can do, is just by a divine gift. If He will say the same thing like He did to the woman at the well... He knew where her troubles laid. Now, I want to ask the audience. The man standing here: total stranger. Something happened in the audience just then. It went out to the audience. If the Holy Spirit, this strange man to me, will reveal what he come here for, will every one of you accept it now that you... Will you believe that I have told you the truth about the Lord Jesus? Will you?

**85** Is it true, sir, we are strangers to each other? We never met before in life. This is just our first meeting time. I know nothing about you. Then if anything ... if there's something wrong with you, and God would let me know about it, then it'd have to come from the hand of God, wouldn't it? And now... See, audience, this now... I want you to keep the Word. You on these cots here that's sick, wherever you are, if I could only do something for you to heal you, how I would love to come down there and do it, but I can't. I can't do it. No other man can do it. It's your faith in God. Every sinner here, how I'd like to come out and save you, but I can't. It's your own faith in God. Your salvation was paid for at Calvary. You've been... Ever since Jesus died, you've been saved, but it'll never do you any good till you accept it. Your healing was paid for at Calvary. Can't you accept it now? See, a man can come through here saying anything. That don't make it so, but when God says it's so, then it's so. What that was, I could feel it. My brethren here; it's time to leave this stadium about, and that's the reason I'm trying to get the crowd into a position where I can feel that the anointing is correctly over ever person. I'm interested in you, friend. I want you to be well. You're just ... you're somebody's mother; I got a dear old mother praying tonight. You're somebody's wife; I got a wife praying tonight. Somebody's father; my father's gone on tonight. Somebody's brother and sister... Oh, may God help you, friend. Now, through preaching the Word, through seeing God moving, won't you believe? I persuade you to have faith in God. Now while I try... As the crowd is getting dim... I can't explain it, or can't even know whether my voice is coming to you correctly or not, but I trust that it is.

**86** Now, to the man, if he will just step this way just a little closer, sir. There's somebody behind you pulling the same way. So, we being strangers to each other, as I have said, God knowing both of us, knowing all about us... Do you notice just how many in the audience gets healed to one at the platform? is because of their faith, you see. Their faith does that. Now, you're not from this city. You've come here from another city, and your trouble lays in your back; and he told you that it was a ruptured disk in your back. That is right. Do you believe the Lord Jesus can make you well? I hear somebody call you by name out ... Hugh, and your other name is Martin. That's right, isn't it? All right, go ahead. It's over now. God bless you.

**87** Let us say, "Praise be to God." Do you believe Him with all your heart? Now, let's us just where you're standing... I want you to do something for me. Will you, everybody sick, just put your hands over on each other just a minute, will you? Everywhere, all the way around. That's right. Now, I know God... Glory. All these things... God just healed a man setting there. Your hands... "They shall lay hands on each other." Our heavenly Father, we rebuke all the powers of darkness. Satan, you are defeated. We come against thee tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the authority of the Holy Ghost, and the power of the resurrected Lord Jesus. This group of believers comes into the presence of the Almighty. Come out, Satan, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus, leave every person in divine presence. You're defeated. Leave them in Jesus' name. Amen. Stand up now on your feet and give God praise for His great glorious power.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
```
