---
Date: 1955-06-11
Title: What is that in thine hand?
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Porter Stadium in Macon, Georgia, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 37 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# What is that in thine hand?



**1** (Thank you very kindly, brother.) Good evening, friends. Happy to be here tonight and so glad that we're all able to be out; thanking the good Lord for His marvelous services last night; to hear the first time that I've had the opportunity to get among the people to preach to them like that for a long time and to minister to them. And last evening, when going out, the boys said to me, said they don't like for me to have that type of meeting to go down, lay hands on the people; they just think maybe... They said when it's being called from the platform, it's always a hundred percent. And said, "You're just taking the people's word at it at, then." But I said, "Well, they got faith; they believe."

**2** And when I was walking down among the wheelchairs, I thought it was Billy walking in front of me. And I happened to turn sideways to look; it wasn't Billy; it was Him. And then when I got back up, then the Lord begin to prophesy, and said there'd be some in the wheelchairs that'll walk through the audience and some go out. The boys said, "Will that take place?" I said you just watch and see. And there last night... That's right. That's five paralyzed people from the wheelchairs this week. That's marvelous what our Lord is doing. I believe He will go more than that tonight, don't you think so? We believe that He will.

**3** Now, tomorrow night, being the closing of this service... You've been so good to us, and come out and sat in the weather when it was cool and rainy and... You've been very, very nice, and we'll always remember you. And I've had kind of a little struggle if you... A good thing you was nice, because it's not customary that I speak to the people like this ... or, preach, and then make the altar calls and so forth. Brother Moore for some reason didn't show up, and Brother Arganbright didn't show up, but Brother Toms from South Africa, bless his heart, he was somewhere here; I heard him say "Amen" a while ago. Here he comes back. And that was... That wouldn't happened to be the little boy that was named Will... Branham. Well, my. First time I've seen you, sonny. You're a fine boy. I'm expecting to see you over my house pretty soon now, see. Well, that's mighty fine. I know you all enjoy Brother Toms speaking. He'll probably be at some church here tomorrow.

**4** Brother Beeler's sitting here. He'll probably be somewhere in the morning too. The other boys here, I guess they're lined out for some churches. Now, you that's here and in this service, visitors with us, why, you get some good church and go to church in the morning. All these ministers here, they represent these full Gospel churches around in Atla... Macon here. And they'd be happy to have you in their church. And I haven't even got to meet any of the brothers, but little Brother Palmer here. I might've shook a couple of the hands of the brethren. But if they're all like Brother Palmer, they're fine people. I tell you that. They're really fine, just fine brethren.

**5** And now, we hope that tomorrow there's good services all through ... throughout the country. Stand at your post duty tomorrow, now; tomorrow morning go to Sunday school. And let's see... I guess tomorrow afternoon the services are here. Is that right? Tomorrow afternoon? [Someone says, "Tomorrow night."] Tomorrow night? Oh, they changed it till... Then the service you've done announced it, I guess? Oh. The services are here tomorrow night. All right. Now, the Lord be blessed is our sincere prayer. Now, for a subject just to meditate a little while... And we want to say again: We thank the dear Lord so greatly for all that He has did. Now, I believe that just in any American meeting for this many days, by being five paralyzed people made whole in one single meeting, I believe that's just about as great as the Lord has done for us this entire year. Now, in Africa, or some of the other countries in India, or something on that order it's different. But here in America, because there's many services goes through... And one thing, we never stay ten nights. We're just usually there anywhere from three to five nights, and then go. So, I'm just saying that so that you might see and know that I believe you have great faith, and I'm so happy.

**6** Many of the people, they said, have been testifying. Brother Wood and them was telling me today of people testifying, with all kinds of diseases and everything that's been healed. And several on cots... I don't believe we have but one cot here tonight. God just cleared out the cot cases and everything. Isn't that wonderful? Say, and by the way, last evening, while coming on the platform, about one of the first come up was a pitiful case. I've noticed for the last few nights the lady sitting with a little water-headed baby, and nothing can be done for that in the way of medical research ... for scientific research to help the little fellows. They're just totally helpless. And the poor little mother so interested, packing the little fellow night after night, and it crying. I kept looking over the little thing, and I could see what the trouble was. And many times visions speak; I don't even say nothing about it.

**7** Fellow just called me on the phone just a few moments ago, and I met him in a restaurant the other night, and there the Lord told me what was wrong with him. He called me up; he said, "You know since you've... I've seen you, said I've just got a whole lot better." I already told him what was wrong with him; he like to've fainted. You know... And so he... That's it. You just have to watch; you see it's going to happen anyhow. So, it isn't so much whether they know anything about it, just as long as you know that God has said it's going to be all right. So, that settles it, you see. It isn't the idea that we want the people to know. Just as long God says it, well, amen, just let it go; and if you think encouragement would help them, then you usually say something.

**8** But this little baby come across the platform, great big water-head, leaning over a poor, little, tired mother. And as I laid hands on that child, I seen that light whirl right around the child's head, and I knew something was going to happen. So, I asked the mother if she would take the baby home; and knew that something happened to it then, if I'd have had something to proved it to the mother. But I told her, I said, "You take the baby home..." And she lived out of town, I believe it told her, somewhere, about a hundred miles. She travels about two hundred miles a night to bring the baby, and when she got home, I said, "Put a little string right around it's head and measure the string, and then cut that string off; and then put the string right around again the next night, tomorrow night, and bring me the piece of string to how much that baby's head shrunk." And it'd be about eighteen hours or twenty. And here's the string about a inch and a half of string, the baby's head shrunk within about eighteen hours. I wonder if the mother's here anywhere with the baby tonight... Oh she's already... Here's the mother's here. That's right. All right. God bless you, sister.

**9** Now, the reason I did that, sister, was this: that you might be encouraged. I've prayed for many things that I didn't get, but I don't believe, as before our Maker tonight, ever sincerely, I asked God for anything sincerely like that, unless He give it to me or told me why He couldn't, see. Now, that inch and a half of that little ... that baby's head is shrunk within about eighteen or twenty hours. That's to encourage you, see. Now, just keep on believing, see. Now, it'll do that way for about seventy-two hours. Then you'll notice... You keep cutting your string off. It'll stop. It may get worse for a little while. No matter what happens, you just keep on believing, you see. And as long as you'll keep your faith... Now remember, when the unclean spirit is gone out of a person, it walks in dry places and returns back again with seven other spirits worse than it was; and if it can, it'll enter in and take over, and the condition will be much worse. But if the good man of the house isn't there, which is your faith to keep it away... Just don't fight at it. It'll fight you back. Just refuse; just ignore it. That's all. Just go on. Just say it's over; that settles it for good. And your baby will get all right. Now, the Lord bless you.

**10** Now, tonight... I just love the Word. Don't you love the Word? Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing of the Word. I just want to read just a little text here tonight, for a little context, and we want to read it out of Exodus the 4th chapter, if the Lord willing, and beginning with the 2nd verse. We'll read perhaps the 2nd verse and maybe part of the 3rd. And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod. And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it. And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it by the tail, and it was a rod in his hand:

```
Exodus 4:2 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

Exodus 4:3 And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.

Exodus 4:4 And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:

```
**11** Now, shall we bow our heads just a moment for a word of prayer, while we talk to the Author of this, and then pray for these handkerchiefs here. Our kind heavenly Father, we're so thankful to be gathered here again tonight under the canopies of this sky, to look up to the heavens from whence cometh our help. Our help cometh from the Lord. We're so glad to know that He lives and reigns today and has not left His church without a witness of His resurrection. And we're so thankful tonight that we as the children of Israel, we're going to speak of, if it be Thy will in a few moments, how they passed by under their burdens, and looked into the casket of Joseph, and saw those bones laying there, knowing that God had promised through the prophet that someday they were going out. And tonight, as the antetype of Joseph, the Prince of prosperity, the Lord Jesus rose from the dead and is alive tonight here among us as a divine evidence that someday we're going out, out of this world of trouble and sin, where Satan and all of His powers is at; and we'll be free from Him forever.

**12** Now, Lord, as we meditate on these words, may the Holy Spirit come, get into the Word, and may it divide it to every heart, just as we have need tonight. And may we say like those who came from Emmaus, when He broke the bread and done something a little different than what the ordinary minister did in that day... He did it in a way that He alone could do it. And, Father, we pray tonight that He will do something out of the ordinary, that we don't see everyday in every religious service---just that people might know that that same Lord Jesus is alive from the dead tonight, walking in and around among people, doing the same things He did then. Grant it, Father. These handkerchiefs that lays here, they're representing poor, little, sick children, fathers, mothers, many people laying out suffering because of diseases and oppression of the devil. And, Father, with hands laid upon them with prayer, all my heart, I pray that You'll hear me, Lord, and know the integrity of my heart, as we rebuke every unclean spirit, every demon power that binds the people that these handkerchiefs would be laid upon. And when these handkerchiefs are placed upon them, may they be liberated, Lord, and go on their way rejoicing, and Satan be bound and cast into outer darkness. Grant it, Father. Help us know in the further part of this service, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**13** Now, as we meditate just a few moments here on the Word of the Lord, I trust that everybody will just... I'll try to hurry, so I know the wind blowing a little cool and on sick people, and I'll try to hurry. And maybe tomorrow night it'll be a little warmer, and we'll stay just a little longer. The other day going out looking up, Mr. Wood and I were riding down the road and I seen those poor farmers and their corn just rolled up. I used to farm a little too. And the watermelons and everything, the cotton drying up. I went home, and I said, "Dear God, I know we've got an open-air service but please sent those people some rain, 'cause they're really needing rain." And I just thought of the sovereignty of the Lord Jesus, how He let it rain up to the service, stop while we had the service, and then give them a good drenching last night, cleared it up for tonight. Oh, my. How marvelous He is. He knows just how to do it, doesn't He? And we just love Him so much for that. He's just worthy of all praise.

**14** Now, tonight, I want to speak just for a few moments on the subject of "What Is That In Thy Hand?" Now, our context tonight deals with Moses, a man that was used of God, back to deliver the children of Israel out from under the Egyptian bondage. And many people tonight of God is under bondage. I look, sitting here, a mother with a little boy, looks like maybe his little legs might be deformed or something. He's laying close to his mother. A little fellow sitting here in a wheelchair, a little child, perhaps has had polio or something. It's little leg is all bandaged up with braces. I noticed a young girl sitting here a beautiful little lady, just look like in her teen-age yet, and a poor old dad twisted up in a wheelchair, just like that. That's bondage. Satan's done that. Here's a colored brother sitting here. Someone sitting near him, holding him and ... or, near him. And just look at the bondage that Satan has put the people in.

**15** And God is just as ... loves you just as the same as He loved those Hebrews. And when... God sent Moses down there because He had promised that He would come and liberate them out of that bondage. And God has promised in this last day that He'd send Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, in our midst and would liberate all the sick and afflicted. For it is written---the last words that He said before leaving this earth---He said, "Go ye into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature." How far? The apostles' age? To all the world. The Gospel has never reached all the world yet. "Go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe: In My name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up serpents, or drink deadly things it wouldn't harm them. If they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover. That's what the Bible said. Jesus was received up into heaven; the last commission He ever give the church was: heal the sick. The first commission He ever give the church was: heal the sick. He chose His seventy and His twelve, and sent them out, and give them power against unclean spirits, to cast out devils, and to heal the sick---the first commission. The last commission was go into all the world and heal the sick.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**16** On that Scripture, I know that many theologians has discussed it and said among them, that that Mark 16 where I was quoting from, from the 9th verse on, was not inspired. Reminds me, I don't believe the pulpit is any place to joke. I don't believe in jokes. Keep the pulpit clean. Jokes are out there. But this is just a little quotation which was true, and it sounds like it might be a joke, but it wasn't. There was a little fellow in our part of the country, that had a calling to the ministry. His mother was a very fine old lady, and she sent him away to a seminary to become a minister. And while he was away, to the college and seminary, learning how to preach and so forth, well, his mother taken sick, very sick; she had pneumonia. And they called the doctor, and he gave her, of course, all that he could give her. And she couldn't take penicillin; she was allergic to it. So, he was giving her sulfa drug and some more things; and it just wouldn't take a hold. The woman, her lungs were becoming completely congested, and she was in very bad shape. So, they telegrammed her son and told him to stand by, for they thought his mother would die right away, and they had to ... wanted him to come home. He was many miles away.

**17** But all at once, why, there was a little lady lived down the corner, belonged to a Full Gospel mission that lived around the corner, that believed in divine healing. So, she went up to see the old lady, and she said, "Sister," she said, "our pastor believes, and we down at our church, that Jesus died to heal the sick people. And if you wouldn't mind, why don't you let our pastor come up and pray for you? Maybe God would answer his prayer and heal you." She said, "That would be very nice. Send him up." So, the woman ... the man came up and prayed for her, and she got well. About a year later, her son came home, and they were discussing things, after meeting. And he said, "Mother, by the way," he said, "I never did hear just what the doctor gave you after you that got well so quick, when you had the pneumonia, when I was standing by to come." She said, "Oh, son." She said, "I forgot to tell you." She said, "You know where that little mission is down on the corner down there?" And said, "Yes." Said, "Do you know, that lady come up here and told me to have her pastor come up and pray for me." And said, "You know, he come up and read a piece out of the Bible in Mark the 16th chapter," and said, "'They lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.' You know the Lord healed me right away?" Why, she said...

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**18** The boy said, "Now, listen, mother." Said, "Now those people are illiterate." Said, "See, they don't understand." Said, "We..." Said, "There's no such a thing as divine healing." Said, "There's nothing like that in the Bible. That was in the days gone by." Said, "Now, in the seminary, why, we learned that Mark sixteen from the 9th verse on is not inspired." The little mother said, "Well, hallelujah." And he said, "Mother." Why, he said, "You act like those people." And she said, "Well, glory to God." He said, "Well, mother, what's the matter with you?" Said, "I was just a thinking: If the Lord could heal me with uninspired Word, what could He really do if that was really inspired? [Unclear words] inspired?" So that's right. I believe it's all inspired, every bit of it. And it's all for us, every bit is for us.

**19** We have no need or lack of anything. God has provided everything that we have need of in this journey. It's provided for us right here. Although whenever a man's born again of the Spirit of God, the Lord gives him a checkbook enough to do him through his journey; and every bottom of the check, for any redemptive blessing, is signed Jesus' name. Just fill it out and send it in. See if He won't honor it. That's right. Just send it there; it's a deposit. It's already in there. It was deposited at Calvary: "For He was wounded for our transgression, bruised for our iniquity; the chastisement of our peace upon Him, and with His stripes we were healed." All signed in His blood; it's all over. Whosoever will, let him come. And it's been proven. It's proven here, that He's risen from the dead and He's alive among us tonight. He is the liberator of we who are in bondage. Any person that's in bondage, Jesus Christ is here to liberate them this night if you'll believe it. Now, I'm not here to liberate you, 'cause I couldn't do it. I wasn't sent to do it. I was sent to preach the Gospel. That's all. Christ come to liberate.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**20** Now, Moses, when he was just a born baby, just... It was a great threat in Egypt; they was killing all the male children. And right in that time Moses was born, and the mother seeing him to be a fair child, wasn't afraid of Pharaoh's threats or what he was doing with all the children. Now, if you'll see, friends, to begin with... I want you to get this real close. To begin with, the gifts and callings are without repentance. That's what causes the trouble, see. Don't try to impersonate anything; just be what you are in the kingdom of God. If you're a finger, be a finger. If you're a nose, be a nose; eye, be an eye. I hope my finger never decides not to be a finger, because it's not an eye. It'll certainly put me out of operation for a while. So, that's the way we must all get our positions and move on. But the whole group together is the body of the Lord Jesus Christ, no matter what it is.

**21** Now, show that gifts and callings are without repentance: Look at Jesus: He was the woman's seed from the Garden of Eden. He was born the Son of God. Moses: he was a fair child when he was born, and born to be a deliverer. He couldn't help being a prophet. God made him that at his birth. Look at John the Baptist, seven hundred and twelve years before he was born: He was the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Look at Jeremiah, Jeremiah 1:4, I believe. God told Jeremiah, said, "I knew you, and sanctified you, and ordained you a prophet to the nations, before you was even conceived in your mother's womb." Now, you have to believe in predestination and foreordination. You just... It's there. Gifts and callings are without repentance. That's what God has set in the church. I different little bit with my latter rain brethren there, on that of laying hands, administering spiritual gifts. I believe you got that wrong, see. But it's all right; we don't fall out over it, but I believe you're wrong on there, see.

```
Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**22** Paul and Timothy, they recognized that to be ... Timothy, to be a minister and a gifted man. We do the same thing in the Baptist church and all the rest of them, when we see a man like that to lay hands on him. But not to give him a spiritual gift, but to give him the right hand of fellowship and blessing to minister with the gift that God has give him. That's just the difference, you see. And so, if you try and give him a gift, that's what man does (see), and it'll never work. It sure hasn't been successful, and I don't think it ever will. Now... But when God has did anything, it's different. Moses realized that he was Moses. God, how He preserved him and taken care of him. And then when he become aged, he thought the people would surely understand, be spiritual minded to understand. Now, there's a part that I wish we had time, if it wasn't so chilly, to dwell on just for a few moments. The people failed to understand, very much. And when he slew the Egyptian, thinking that people would understand---his own people---that he was sent to liberate them, but they did not understand.

**23** Now, we find out then, that he fled into the land of Midian. And there he married a Ethiopian girl by the name of Zipporah. Moses in the beginning had a real high temper. We know that. God had to take it out of him. So, then he married this girl, and he become a servant to his father-in-law, herding the sheep back out the back side of the desert. One day, I can just imagine, seeing this old man now of eighty years old. He had two children born to him up there and... Here he comes down now, herding the sheep, just a sheepherder, a man got out of the will of God, and murdered a man, and back over there now as a sheepherder. But if God has foreordained anything, it's just as sure to come to pass as God is in heaven. So, it's going to be anyhow. There's nothing in the world can stop Jesus Christ from coming the second time. God has ordained it to be so. There's not a way in the world that you'd ever stop the message of divine healing. You could fight it as much as you want to, but God's ordained that it should go forth, and it's going forth. That's right. No matter, somebody... God's able of these stones to rise children unto Abraham. So, the best thing to do is join up with God's program and march on with the church, is the best thing I know to do.

```
Exodus 2:15 Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.

Exodus 3:1 Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.

Matthew 3:9 And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

Luke 3:8 Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

```
**24** Here some time ago, I was up in the Statue of Liberty and went out that arm. And looking out there over that window, seeing a bunch of little sparrows that was dead, laying all around, all over the outside there. And I said to the guide, I said, "Say, what's the matter? Those little sparrows are dead." He said, "Sir, there was a storm last night, and those little fellows circling around and got into the light of this Statue of Liberty here. And instead of following the light to safety, they come and beat their little brains out, trying to beat the light out." The only thing that could help them, they was trying to beat it out and kill themselves in effort. I said, "Praise God. There may be infidels raised in common whatever more, skeptics, and unbelievers, but more you beat the light out ... trying to beat the light of God, you'll just beat yourself to death and fall down in disgrace, and the light of God will shine on through the ages." That's right. God will move on in spite of anything anybody can do. The best thing to do is join right up with Him and move right on with the flow of the Holy Spirit.

**25** And Moses when he was back out there on the back side of the desert, one day, I imagine kind of discouraged, walking along, thinking about what had taken place down in Egypt, and all of his friends. And here he was married into another race of people, and herding his father-in-law's sheep. He happened to look over there, and he saw a bush on fire. And he thought it was funny that the bush never burned, so God was trying to attract Moses' attention. And how do I know, what do you know, but what this meeting out here has been to ... God has set it out here to attract the attention of some of you people that's living in these churches around here, without knowing that God raised from the dead, and Jesus is alive here tonight healing the sick and the afflicted. Maybe He brought you out here to see these lame, and crippled, and twisted people rise up out of their wheelchairs and walk away; to see His Spirit move through the audience and correct people, and rebuke sinners here at the platform, saintly, godly-looking people; come and tell them where they're sinning and the things are. And every word of it's infallibly the truth. How do you know that God hasn't attracted your attention to come and look at something like that, so that you would turn aside also? Not turn from your church, but turn from your way of living and serve the living God in the new birth, and be borned again. Maybe God's doing that.

```
Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

```
**26** Moses turned aside, and as he looked at that burning bush, he started, said, "Well, I'll go up and see what this sight is." Usually God reveals Himself in fire. So he turned aside to see it, and God spoke to him out of the bush and said, "Moses, take off your shoes, for the ground that you're standing on is holy ground." Now, what if Moses would've said, "Now, Lord I'm just going to be reverent to You; I'm going to take off my hat. That'll be just as well." God never said, "your hat"; He said, "your shoes." Now, if I will say, "Well, I joined church; ain't I just as good as the next fellow?" God never said, "If a man don't join the church..." He said, "A man must be born again." If he doesn't... Say, "Well, I will go to a good church." That's all right, but that ain't the requirement. "Except a man be borned of water and spirit, he will in nowise enter into the kingdom." God's got one solid program, no matter how good anything else looks. You got to line up with God's Gospel. The Bible says it, and that's the thing we've got to do.

```
Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

John 3:5 Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

John 3:7 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.

```
**27** And Moses had to line up with God's program, not what Moses thought was reverent, but what God called reverent. And he sits down, took off his shoes, and walked up. He said, "I have heard the cries of My people, and I've come down, and I am going to send you down to deliver them." You know, Moses complained. He said, "Now, look, I'm a man of slow speech. I can't talk very good, and I'm not eloquent," and so forth. He begin to complain, and God told him He'd send Aaron. And then he wanted to know... He said, if he could see His glory, what would he tell them He'd done? And God said to Moses, "What is that in your hand?"

```
Exodus 3:7 And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;

Exodus 3:8 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.

Exodus 3:10 Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.

Exodus 4:2 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

Exodus 4:10 And Moses said unto the LORD, O my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

Exodus 4:14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.

```
**28** Now, whatever was laying close... God could've used anything. God could've used the bush. But Moses had something in his hand. He said, "It's a stick." He said, "Throw it on the ground." And he threw it down, and when he did, it turned to a serpent. He picked it up by the tail; it turned back to a rod again. And God showed Moses by that what He could do, that He was still the living God. He could take the natural and change it into supernatural. He could do whatever He wanted to, because He was God. Moses picked up that stick in his hand, run over and got Zipporah, his wife, and set her on a mule, and put a kid on each hip. And got an old donkey by the bridle and a stick in his hand, and here he went down to Egypt to liberate two million people.

```
Exodus 4:2 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

Exodus 4:3 And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.

Exodus 4:4 And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:

Exodus 4:20 And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

```
**29** Could you imagine it? What a critical looking sight that would be! This old man eighty years old, with white beard and hair blowing like that, just a happy and shouting, hollering, "Glory to God," his wife sitting straddle a mule, with a kid on each hip, going down to take over. Could you imagine that? What do you think the great armies and soldiers would have said that day? "Well, that poor old fellow is went off at the head." The world always thinks that, but he had the Word of the Lord, and it had to come to pass. He had God's promise. And he had that old stick in his hand, waving it. Now, a dry stick going against the great army of Egypt, which had conquered the world in its day... Thousands times thousands of chariots, horsemen, spearmen, the greatest mechanized units... Just like one single man would try to go against Russia today, or something like that. Maybe a greater odds would be then.

**30** And Moses, eighty years old, I imagine baldheaded on top, and the whiskers hanging down, and the hair around his neck, and there he was leading this mule, going down to take over. And the beauty part about it: He did it. That's right. Because that God had made the promise. When God promises anything, God's under obligation to take care of His promise. God always will back it up. I don't care what anybody says about it. When God says it's so, it's so. Rest your soul, body, and strength on it, because God's obligated to His Word. Amen. I'm so thankful for that little song we sing. Every promise in the Book is mine, Every chapter, every verse, every line. I'm trusting in His love divine, Every promise in the Book is mine. It's to whosoever will may come and drink from the fountain of the water of the Lord, freely, without money, without price; it's done already paid for. Anybody can come and drink.

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**31** Moses going down to take over: What a sight that was! And when he got down there, he took this old stick, the only thing he had in his hand, and overcome Egypt, and led the children of Israel, and fed them by the same stick till they went to the promised land. Amen. An old dry stick. You might not have very much in your hand. You might not even be able to whistle. But whatever you got in your hand, let God have a hold of it and He'll bless it. Amen. You can't do no more and testify to your neighbor, if you can't do no more than raise up your hand, say, "God, I accept every word of it," take what's in your hand and do what you can for the glory of God.

**32** There was a little boy one time, went to see Jesus, and he had four or five little biscuits and some fish in there. Now, in the little boy's hand it wasn't very much, but once in the hands of the Lord Jesus Christ, He blessed it and fed five thousand. The little thing that you got, may be a little spark of faith laying down there, that you believe that He raised from the dead. It isn't very much to you. But turn it loose one time in a testimony; it might be the cause a hundreds of people coming to the Lord Jesus Christ. You who are sitting there sick or crippled, and you got a little speck of faith, turn it loose tonight and say, "Lord Jesus, this is all I got to trust Your Word, and here I come. It's up to You to take care of the rest of it." God will take the rest of it too. You just turn it loose and let Him have it. What kind of an atom did Jesus turn loose then? He taken fish; not only did He feed them with raw fish or living fish; He fed them with cooked fish and cooked bread. Amen. Where He got it, I don't know. Anyhow, He fed them and they eat it.

```
Matthew 15:36 And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

Mark 6:41 And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.

Luke 9:16 Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.

```
**33** Like a fellow said not long ago, said, "You believe that story about Elijah sitting up there and the crows..." I said, "Yes, sir. I believe every word of it." That's right. They thought Elijah was crazy, setting up on the mountain there, and he was getting a drink of water whenever he wanted it, and them society and high class down there was starving to death, and then they called him crazy. And he was better off than a lot a people. He had some colored servants to carry him food every time he got hungry. That's better off than a lot of the people sitting here tonight. That's right. Every time he got hungry, here come a crow with a sandwich and give it to him, flew away. Knelt right down and got him a drink a water when he wanted. He was in the will of God. He took God at His Word. Amen. That's all you have to do, is take His Word.

**34** Someone said, "Now, Brother Branham, do you really mean that crow brought him a sandwich?" I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "Well, where did the crow get it?" I said, "I don't know." The crow got it and brought it to Elijah, and he eat it." I said, "That's the way with the Holy Ghost." He was making fun of me shouting. I said, "I can't tell you where it comes from; the Holy Ghost brings it. I just eat it. And I love it and I live by it. I don't know where it comes from; but I get it; that's the only thing I know. As long as He brings it, I'm willing to take it." Amen. Say, "How's that fellow going to walk when he ain't going to the doctor?" I can't help that; when God says so, He'll do it anyhow. You just watch. It's God's business to take care of His Word. He watches over it to perform it, and He's obligated to it; and He will do it in every case (Amen.) to any man or woman that'll dare to take Him at His Word. Oh, my. That's the truth. Yes, sir. Moses went down there, and he did just exactly what the Lord told Him to do. If you just take what you got in your hand and let God have it...

**35** Now, there was a little fellow one time, a little later on from there, by the name of David, a little old shepherd boy that lived out on the hillside, feeding his father's sheep. But he knowed the blessing of the Lord was upon him. So, he knowed that God was with him. And one day when the armies of Israel had gathered out to fight against the Philistines, why, his father Jesse said, "Now, I'm going to send you over to your brothers; take them some raisins and so forth, and go over and see how your brothers are getting along." Two of the oldest boys was in the war. So, David went out. And you know, when he got over there, he saw a sight. The Philistines was gathered on one side and Israel on the other one. Saul sitting over there, seven foot four inches tall or something, great big princely looking fellow; but across over on the other side of the hollow, over there, was the Philistine army, and they had a big challenger, a big champion by the name of Goliath. My, he was about nine foot four inches tall, and what a fellow he was. And when the devil knows he's got the edge on you, then he'll sure poke it in you if he possibly can.

```
1 Samuel 17:4 And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span.

1 Samuel 17:17 And Jesse said unto David his son, Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp to thy brethren;

```
**36** So, he got out on the hillside there and he said, "I'll make you a proposition, all you fellows. Let's not cause any bloodshed." See, he's big, and he had the edge on all of them. So, he said, "You send ... pick you out a man over there in the armies of Israel, and let him come over here and fight against me. And if I kill him, then you all serve us. If he kills me, then we'll serve you." Sure. That's the way the devil will do it. Now, you take for instance this guy here. "If I could only see this, or that, or that," see. Whenever they can get that kind of an idea... But one day he made his brag in the wrong man's ears. There was a little old, scrawny-looking fellow, probably weighed about a hundred and ten pounds, with the shoulders kindly stooped over and a little shepherd's coat wrapped around him. And that morning when the armies walking back and forth, and screaming at one another, and trying to get into the battle, why, this big challenger come out said, "Now, I defy the armies of Israel." But it fell on the ears of the wrong man for him then. Yes, sir.

```
1 Samuel 17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

1 Samuel 17:9 If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.

1 Samuel 17:10 And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.

```
**37** There was a little old boy there knowed what he talking about. He said, "What's this? You mean to tell me that you'll stand and let that uncircumcised Philistine defy the armies of the living God?" Amen. He knowed what he was talking about. Oh, my. Goliath, you made your wrong boast then. And when it fell on David's ears, then his brother said, "Now, looky here; I know the naughtiness of your heart. Now, you just quit saying such things as that." Some of them said, "Why, he can marry the king's daughter, and he will give him riches. And his father's house will be free in Israel," and so forth. He said, "What's this you all talking about now?" My, this little bitty old fellow, that's just the way he...

```
1 Samuel 17:26 And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?

1 Samuel 17:28 And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.

```
**38** You can't go by looks. That's right. You don't go by looks. You go by what's in the heart. That's right. If you go by looks, why, Israel would've had an awful time when they thought they could get water out of a rock. That was the driest place there was in the nation. But God said, "Speak to the rock. That's the thing that's got the water." Then they say today, if there is such a thing as divine healing, it would be in some of those great big classical churches. That's just what you think about it, see. That's right. Maybe it's the driest place you ever seen, but there's water there if you'll just speak to it. Amen.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**39** Now, I want you to notice. Then when David ... I can just see him walk up there; they brought him up before the king. Said, "Now, wait a minute here." Said, "Bring that lad up here." And he walked up to him. Saul called him a stripling. He must've been a little bitty old skinny looking fellow (You know.), little shoulders set in, kind of walking along, little old starry eyes looking out to him. He said, "Why, listen, you can't fight that." He said, "Let no man's heart faint within him because of this giant." Said, "Your servant will go over and fight him." Oh, my. I like that courage. Don't you? Why? We'll see in a minute why he had that courage, what made that different. Yes, sir. He said, "I'll go over and fight that giant." And there Saul, the great big baby sitting up there, pretty near as big a giant, and supposed to be a king in Israel and all this, and then sit there afraid to go fight him.

```
1 Samuel 17:32 And David said to Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:33 And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.

1 Samuel 17:56 And the king said, Inquire thou whose son the stripling is.

```
**40** Puts me in the mind of a lot of these people today, that don't believe in divine healing. They claim to believe the Bible, and then they'll just let the devil walk over them anything. I believe in an old-fashioned, Holy Ghost experience, borned again, rooted down, twice dead... I believe in something that makes a man alive. It puts courage and fire in him. That's right. It'll make him stand toe-to-toe with the devil on any divine promise of God and call it the truth, no matter what it looks like. Little old David... Why, he said, "You can't do it." He said, "You let me go." He said, "Now, how do you know that you can do it?"

```
1 Samuel 17:33 And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.

```
**41** He said, "Looky here. I'm going to tell you something. I've had some experience." That's what it takes today, is somebody who's had an experience. David said, "I've had an experience. When I was keeping my father's sheep out there, and a lion come in, and a bear come in, and grabbed a kid, or little lamb, and ran out with it," and said, "I ran after him and knocked him in the head with this slingshot, and then when I started to take the lamb out of his mouth, he rose up, and I slew him." He said, "The God that delivered the lion into my hands, and the bear into my hands," he said, "how much more will He deliver that uncircumcised Philistine." That's right.

```
1 Samuel 17:34 And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:

1 Samuel 17:35 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.

1 Samuel 17:36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.

1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

```
**42** So Saul said, "Come over here and I'll make a real ecclesiastical preacher out of you then." So, he gets him over there, and he puts on a big armor and his helmet and everything. He pulled down over his little ears, and imagine peeping out the side, and a great big armor on, and he couldn't move. He just couldn't go forward. That's what's the matter with people today: When a man gets a little call in his heart to go preach the Gospel, you have to take him over to one of these big seminaries, or something there, and beat all the preacher out of him, and get some of this worldly theology in him, like that, and take all the preacher there is out of him, then tell him to go. No wonder he can't believe. My goodness, all harnessed up with the world. Hallelujah! We need to come out and shake some old-fashioned Holy Spirit down and get these old morgues melted down, is what we need around here. Amen. Yes, sir.

```
1 Samuel 17:38 And Saul armed David with his armour, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.

1 Samuel 17:39 And David girded his sword upon his armour, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.

```
**43** Old David there, he put on his... He had his BA degree, you know, and his LL and double LD and DD, you know, all on. He said, "I don't know nothing about this stuff. I never proved anything. I don't know what that is." Said, "I can't do that." And Saul found out pretty soon, that his ecclesiastical vest didn't fit a man of God. Amen. That's what's the matter with the people today. If you just get them old ecclesiastical vests off and get down... I'd rather have an old experience... I rather my boy would get with a man that didn't know his ABC's, and take here out him on a hillside by an old stump somewhere, and pray him through to an old-fashioned Holy Ghost experience, than to send him to all the schools there is in the country, that would take the power of God and the blessings of God out of his life. Amen. Right. Yes, sir.

**44** And there, David looked upon that thing, said, "I don't know nothing about this. I don't know how they say, "Ahmen," and all the doxologies, and all them things like that. I don't know how you do that." Said, "Let me go with what I have already proven to be right." Hallelujah. That's what I said. I know when I walked up to my general overseer, told him the Angel of the Lord had met me, he said, "Billy, go home. You had a nightmare." He said, "Why, you mean with seventh grade education, you're going to pray for the sick and go and pray for kings?" I said, "That's what He said." Said, "How you going to do it?" I said, "I don't know, but He's taken me this far; He'll take me on." God is able, who's made the promise. It'll do it. He said, "Aw, son, I think that you'd better go back. You need a rest." I didn't need a rest. I needed to go to work. I've been resting too long then. That's what's a matter with a lot of people today. Be up and going. Time... People are in trouble. Let's go, get them to the Lord Jesus quickly.

**45** We notice there that we find... Little old David, he said, "Now, look. I don't know nothing about all your degrees; and I don't know nothing about your armors, and all the things that you fellows fight with, and argue about, and fuss with, but I know one thing: I have trusted this little old slingshot. God delivered the lion with this slingshot. He delivered all these other things with this slingshot, and God will deliver that uncircumcised Philistine with slingshot." I know that when I was a sinner, lost, and in the world dying without Christ, the Holy Ghost saved me. I know when I'm weary, the Holy Ghost makes me happy. I know when I need food, the Holy Ghost feeds me. How much more will the Holy Ghost heal me if I'm sick, after God has promised it? I don't know about your other things, but I do know God has made a promise. And it's God's promise, and God will stick with His promise. What's that in your hand, David? He said, "A slingshot." Amen. "How you going to fight that giant out there with a fifteen or twenty foot spear?" You couldn't get near him. He said, "I proved this. I know what this thing will do." That's right. Whenever a man or woman is born of the Spirit of God, that's ever received the Holy Ghost, they know what that'll do. I don't know what all your arguing and all your schools is going to teach; but I know one thing: that it'll do what God said it would do.

```
1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

```
**46** Little David had learned God in the nature way. Being out there alone, he talked about still waters and green pastures. He seen God in His primitive condition, God in His nature, moving. God is in nature. Don't you believe it? Sure He is. I just love to watch Him in the sunset, watch Him in the growing of the flowers, watch Him in when the sun's a rising. Here some time ago, I was up in the mountains where I go when get so tired I can't go along any farther. And I went up there one fall to hunt, and I was hunting elk. It was late in the fall. We was way back up, because the snow hadn't come down to run the herd down. And I was way up the top, near the timberline. And in the fall of the year, way up there in the high mountains. It comes... It'll snow awhile, and then rain awhile, and then the sun come out, and you know how it is in the fall of the year. And while I was going along, not to shoot the game, no more than just to be away to myself.

```
Psalm 23:2 He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.

```
**47** I like to get away with God. Every man and woman... That's the trouble. You ought to spend more time everyday, instead of gadding about, and running around, you ought to be out to be out somewhere praying and seeking God. Amen. And up there, I was going along; and it come up a storm, and I got in behind a tree like this. And I was standing behind the tree and the winds a blowing. There was an old blow-down there anyhow. So then, after the storm was all over, I come out from behind the tree; had my rifle, setting down. And I looked over, and I begin to hear the elk herd, way ahead of me. They'd got lost in the storm. They were bugling one to another. My mother is a half Indian, and it's just enough that I just love that outside. Oh, my. As David said, "When the deep begins to call to the deep..." And it really begin to call to the deep then. Old gray wolf begin to howl up here, and the mate answer him down in the bottom. I cried like a baby. I couldn't help it. Just stand there and bawled with my hands up in the air.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**48** I looked out then. The sun come out, way back over here in the western horizon, peeping through that big all seeing eye; and over that evergreen it'd froze over up there with the ice. It formed a rainbow down across the valley like that. I thought, Oh, God, everywhere you look you can see Him. There He was. I thought, There, He's looking over there; He's looking through. There's He's in the elk herd, and here He is in down in the wolves a hollering. Here He is in nature. I thought, Like Peter said, "It's good to be here. Let's build three tabernacles." And I got real religious, and I was running around and around that tree, a shouting to the top of my voice, just screaming and jumping up-and-down just as hard as I could. If somebody come out there, they'd have wanted to take me to the insane institution, think there's somebody crazy out in the woods. But I was about thirty-five or forty miles from civilization. I was alone with the Lord, having a good time.

```
Matthew 17:4 Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.

Mark 9:5 And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.

Luke 9:33 And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said.

```
**49** I looked up and I seen that. I thought, Yeah. That rainbow. God gave that to Noah. He was to look upon like the rainbow as jasper and sardine stone. The first, the last, He that was, which is, and shall come, the root and offspring of David, the morning star. And around and around the tree I went again, just as hard as I could go, just a screaming to the top of my voice. And a little old pine squirrel... I don't know whether you brothers ever seen one or not. But a little old pine squirrel was setting up there on a stump. He started, "Chat, chat, chat, chatter ... chatter, chatter, chatter," like he was going to tear me to pieces. I thought, What's the little fellow so excited about? He's just chattering so.

```
Revelation 1:17 And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:

Revelation 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

```
**50** And I looked over there, and I thought, Maybe he's scared of me. And so, I happened to look and coming out from under there... The wind had forced down a big eagle. And that big eagle, when he come out, that's what the little squirrel was barking at. He jumped out on a limb like that, and the little squirrel jumped back in its "chatter, chatter." I looked at that big eagle. I thought, Now, Lord, did I scare that eagle out of there, I was shouting so loud? So, I looked at him, I thought, Now, You put him here before me to see for something. I don't know why, but You presented that eagle before me. I kept looking at him. Oh, he was a big, great big bird. And I noticed his great big velvet-looking eyes looking around. I thought, Well, there's one thing I do admire of you, boy; that is, you're brave; you're not scared. And I thought, Why ain't you scared? That's what I want to know? Why are you not scared? Ain't you scared of me? And I looked at him, you know. And he fluffed them feathers back and forth (You know.), and walked back and forth over that log, looking around. He looked at that pine squirrel and look at me. I said, "Boy, you know I could shoot you?" He just looked over at me and went on, you know, tramping back and forth. He wasn't bothering him much.

**51** And I thought, Why is it that you're not scared? Then I happened to say, "Now, I'm going to study, Lord. Why is it? Now, I see You there in the rainbow; I hear You in the wolf herd; I see You there in the sunset. Why, are You in that eagle?" And I looked at that fellow a little bit. I thought, Yes, the reason that he's not scared, he's moving them feathers back and forth. God give him a pair of wings, and he knows that before I could get that rifle in my hand he'd be in them tree tops, and I'd never be able to shoot him. I said, "Glory to God." I had another spell. Here I started running. I thought, That's right. As long as you can feel the Holy Ghost around you, what difference what takes place. Let everything go, whatever may. Just as long as you can see a little light, you know He's here. Someone said, "Brother Branham, aren't you afraid you'll make a mistake some night?" I said, "No, not as long as I can feel Him." No, sir. When He leaves, I leave the platform. But as long as He's there...

**52** I watched that fellow for a few minutes ... just getting on my subject here. But I want to tell this. I watched him there a little bit. After while he got tired of listening to that little old pine squirrel, "Chatter, chatter, chatter, chatter." And he just made one great big leap like that; he was right up and above them treetops, a couple of flops with his wings. And he never flopped his wings another time. He just knowed how to set his wings. And I watched him. Every time the wind would come in, he'd ride up. Every time the wind would come in, he'd ride up. Just kept on going on and on and on and on, till he become a little speck. I stood there and screamed to the top of my voice. I said, "Yes, Lord, that's it; that's it. It's not jump and join the Methodist, and back to the Baptist, and over to the Presbyterian, over to the Pentecostal, Assemblies, Oneness, all around like that. It's just setting your wings." Hallelujah! That's right.

**53** It's not running from one healing meeting to another. It's not running from one doctor's office to another one. It's knowing how to set your wings of faith into the power of the Holy Ghost. Every time it rides in, ride up on it (Hallelujah.) until you done leave this old earth-bound "Chatter, chatter, chatter." This old bunch that says, "The days of miracles is past and that was for people long ago." Ride above it. Every time the Holy Ghost waves in, set your wings into it, and move on out of sight, on up into the heaven of heavens. Leave that old earth bound so-and-so sit back here and saying, "Well, I believe the days of miracles is past. I believe those people are just off at the head that think that." Just ride in on above it. Amen. Don't flop and jump. Just set your wings, let the Holy Ghost pick you up, pick you up, pick you up. Just keep on going, till you're out.

**54** Yeah, one day up there I was herding cattle. I happened to notice another thing ... another thing about a eagle. An old mother eagle when she makes her nest. She makes it out of big sticks and things, and it's stinky around one. So, when the little eagles learns to fly... I was noticing... I hooked, put my horse reins around a limb, and went over. I had some binoculars, just watching. I seen that old mother eagle way up there; she was doing something, flopping around in the air. I got my glasses on her and watched her, 'cause it's bringing cattle down. And I looked up in there, and I seen her how she was getting them little ones out. And she kept rooting them little old eagles around and around up there.

**55** And after awhile, she got them all on her wings; and she just picked them up out of that old stinky nest, and went down into the valley; and she set her big wings down like that, and when she did, all those little eagles got off, and begin to walk around there; first time they'd ever had their feet on grass. My, if they wasn't having a big time. I said, "Lord, if that ain't an old-fashioned Holy Ghost revival, I never seen one in my life." That's right. I said, "Look at them." Out of that old stinky nest up there, you know, where the old stinking stickers and things... That's the way God's does. He lifts you up on the wings of an eagle, and packs you out of the old stinky things of the world into this place, where all things are possible, free as you can be. Amen.

**56** Then I noticed them run around, grab a little briar full of grass here, and run over and grab a little mouthful here, and playing, just having a big time, no condemnation at all. I thought, Now, what's that old mother going to do? After she seen her little ones begin to play real good and have a good time, she set her wings again, and she went plumb way up to the highest rock that she could get. She sat up there and perched herself, begin to look around. Oh, my. I thought, That's right. When the Lord Jesus took me out of the miry clay and set me on the Rock, Christ Jesus, He climbed the ramparts of glory, sitting on high, watching down. His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me. No harm, no danger, no nothing else can take place, as long as we're in His divine presence. Amen. Let come, let go, what may; even death itself has lost its sting. 'Cause He's standing yonder in glory tonight; His eyes is watching this meeting to see just exactly what'll take place, while His little ones are rallying together around the throne of God, rejoicing in the Word of God, shouting in the presence of God (Oh, my.), carefree. Them little fellows didn't look for nothing. Boy, you let a coyote start towards one of them, he'd get the awfullest flogging he ever had in his life. Amen. Oh, my.

**57** And when she set up there, and then after a while... I set there about two hours watching them. A little northerner come across, a little green streak, comes up quick, the storms coming. And when she let out a scream, when she left that nest up there... She flew right down like that, and let out one scream, and all them little eagles all over the little meadow there begin to run together. She threw out her wings like that. Everyone of them little eagles just run and jumped up on the wings, put their little bill around a feather like that. She raised those great big master wings, and that storm coming down that hill, screaming sixty miles an hour. She went just straight to the rock as she could and took them to shelter. I thought, Yes, some of these days, there'll come scream from up higher; the Lord Jesus will come and spread forth His great wings, and all of His little ones will spring on to the arms of the old rugged cross, and we'll be carried into the safety in the midst of these days till the storm of life is over. Oh, how I wonder if you'll look at God, at His nature.

**58** David had seen this and he knowed that God was, and God would deliver. He'd seen God in His nature. So, he said, "Give me this little slingshot. I've tried it. That's the only thing I know anything about, is this slingshot." And that's all a believer knows anything about, "That God said so, and this is the old slingshot. I'll trust it anytime, against anything that the devil can put out ... (Amen) is the Word of God." The Word of God alone will defeat Satan any place, any time, on any condition, if a man or woman will dare to take God at His Word. Amen.

**59** And I can see him then, as he said, "Well, go ahead. The Lord be with you." He reached down there and hunted him out, the little darling, and got him five little rocks, he put them in his little scrip bag. He put one down in his sling and walked out there to meet Goliath. And Goliath looked at him and said, "Am I a dog?" Why, he cursed him in the name of his god. He said, "I'll take you. You little weasely-looking, holy-roller, you, and stick this spear in you, and hang you up yonder, and let the birds eat on you for awhile." Yes, sir.

```
1 Samuel 17:37 David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.

1 Samuel 17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:43 And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods.

1 Samuel 17:44 And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.

```
**60** You say, "David wasn't a holy-roller." Yes, he was, what you call a holy-roller. When the ark of the Lord begin to come in, he went out and danced before the ark just as hard as he could; and his wife made fun of him. Said, "You don't like that. Watch this." And down and around and around and around and around the ark he went again. If that ain't another holy-roller, I never seen one in my life. There you are. Someone said, "Brother Branham, you got some of that there new kind of religion, haven't you?" I said, "No, I got a good dose of the old kind." Amen. Said, "I mean, that shouting religion." I said, "That's the oldest religion that's ever known." I said, God asked Job, "Where was you when I laid the foundation of the world, when the morning stars sang together, and the sons of God shouted for joy, ten thousand years before the world was ever formed." Amen. You're going to call me holy-roller anyhow. So you might as well get ready, get used to it. Notice, brothers.

```
2 Samuel 6:14 And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod.

2 Samuel 6:16 And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.

Job 38:4 Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.

Job 38:5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it?

Job 38:6 Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof;

Job 38:7 When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?

```
**61** Let me tell you something. David knew, and he got that old slingshot wrapped up. He went out, and he said, "You meet me as a Philistine, in the name of a Philistine, with an armor and with a spear; but I meet you in the Name of the Lord God of Israel, of the very army that you defied." And said, "This day I'll give your carcass to the birds and the animals of the field." And I'll take all the flesh of these Philistines... And the old guy started after him. Now, look at David, when he ran over this little brook, crossed over to meet him. And when he did, what did he have in his hand? Here's what David had. He had five rocks, F-A-I-T-H, in five fingers wrapped around J-E-S-U-S; here he come: Five rocks and five fingers, faith in the Lord Jesus. And that rock directed straight to the skull of that old giant, and David downed him, and cut his head off. And when he did, he looked around; and all the rest of them seen what was done; they took courage and drew their swords and begin to fight Philistines to the wall, cut them down.

```
1 Samuel 17:45 Then said David to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield: but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.

1 Samuel 17:46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.

1 Samuel 17:48 And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came and drew nigh to meet David, that David hasted, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.

1 Samuel 17:49 And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to the earth.

1 Samuel 17:50 So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.

1 Samuel 17:51 Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.

1 Samuel 17:52 And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron.

```
**62** Here a few years ago when I first started, there wasn't hardly anybody preaching on divine healing. When they seen Congressmen Upshaw and many of them healed, I tell you Presbyterians, and Methodists, and Assemblies of God, and all of them, they got them one, and the others got them one, and the Church of God got them. Oral Roberts and the other one got somebody else, and, brother, we've be cutting Philistines from right to the left. Hallelujah. Because every heart's taking courage tonight, and the half has never yet been told. Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, has promised. What is it in your hand tonight? Whatever you got, use it for the glory of God. I can see a fellow down there by the name of Samson. He got out there one day (and the Philistines had done a little harm over there), tied some foxes tails together, and burnt up all their corn. So, those Israelites come and got him, said, "We got to deliver you up to the Philistines." And they took him over there, and tied him with some bands, and brought him down there. And the Philistines was going to mistreat him, and when he did, the Spirit of the Lord come on him. Amen. That's what made the difference. When he felt the Spirit of the Lord come on him, he didn't have nothing in his hand. He looked down and there laid a jawbone of a mule. And he picked up that jawbone in his hand and killed a thousand Philistines. Amen. That's all he had.

```
Judges 15:4 And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails.

Judges 15:5 And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing corn of the Philistines, and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing corn, with the vineyards and olives.

Judges 15:12 And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves.

Judges 15:13 And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock.

Judges 15:14 And when he came unto Lehi, the Philistines shouted against him: and the spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands.

Judges 15:15 And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.

```
**63** He didn't have to go forward and say, "Now, wait. Let me take this jawbone down, and let me test it and see if it'll stand the pressure or not." He didn't have time to think of all those things. The emergency was on. The Philistines was on him. The only thing he needed to do was pick up a jawbone and fight. That's all there was. And tonight, you ain't got time to run away and figure out all this stuff. The revival will be over tomorrow night. Let's pick up God's Word. That's in your hand. Let's fight with all that's in you. Amen. God give him the victory.

**64** There was a little old fellow down there in the Bible by the name of Shamgar. He might not even ever noticed him in the book of Judges, just a little old fellow. Let's take a little drama to him. I can see him over there, poor little fellow. It was a time when everybody did what they wanted to. And Israel had no king. It was all separated, divided out, little groups, just about like the church is today. One's Assembly. The other's a Church of God. The other's a Oneness. The other's a Baptist. The other's a Presbyterian. One's a Methodist. Oh, my. If you don't like it here, we go over here, and over here, and over here, and... Oh, my. I don't get it, myself. And then when they come in there... And oh, what they needed was... Just what they needed then, was a good old-fashioned, kind of a liberation is what we need today (Amen.), the church back to the faith of the living God, back to the promise of God, back to the glory of God, back to the power of God.

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

```
**65** Shamgar got all of his stuff put up, his wheat, like he did every year. About the time he'd get the crops put up, then along would come the Philistines and take it away from him. That's just the way the devil does. Just about what the devil's good for. Just about the time you get a little courage built up or something another, then along comes the devil and takes it away from you. That's right. Just like the revival that's going on now. Just about time you get it started, and the glory of God begins to fall, then some quack has to come up, and do something that's not right, and take the glory out of the thing.

**66** Here not long ago, I went down here with one of our Christian sisters, painted up like a Jezebel. I said, "What's the matter?" She said, "Well, glory to God." Said, "My pastor told me it was liberation of women." Liberation of women!? What's the matter with you? No such a thing as that. Christ liberated you from sin; and, act like it and dress like it. About the time the church gets built up and get a good start, then something like that has to happen. Yes, sir. She said, "Well, I tell you." Said, "My pastor told me I could do all this..." And had enough paint on to paint a barn. Her fingers looked like she'd been eating raw beefsteak, and blood over her fingernails. I thought, Woman, you don't look like a Christian to me.

**67** Listen, lady, don't you let that kind of nonsense be poured down your throat. A good old-fashioned case of the baptism of the Holy Ghost will take that out of you just as exactly like [unclear words] . Right. Just remember you've lost some ground somewhere. I don't care what that woman preacher... She wasn't ordained of God to tell you that in the first place. That's right. It's contrary to the Word. Listen. There never was but one woman in the Bible that ever painted herself up to meet a man, and that was Jezebel. God fed her to the dogs. So, if you see a woman all painted up, you say, "How do you do, Miss Dogmeat." That's what God made out of her. Just an old dog meat. Don't you pay any attention to that; that's of the devil. Right. First you ought to clean up and act like what Jacob said to his wife and daughter. Make yourself like what you ought to be. Amen.

```
2 Kings 9:36 Wherefore they came again, and told him. And he said, This is the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite, saying, In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel:

```
**68** What we need tonight is a good old-fashioned, Holy Ghost revival, preached back to the power of God moving in and out amongst the church, and the starch and collars taken down. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. That's what we need. Yes, sir. All right. Old Shamgar got there ... about the time he got something built up, then something like that had to happen. That's the way the church... When the revival gets started, then something like that has to raise up. Brother, just preach the old-fashioned... Well, we used to have a lot of sheep in our country, and they had a sheep-killing dog. We caught him with the wool in his teeth; we took the old shotgun, both barrels and turned it on him. Brother, that's the thing to turn on them kind of guys, is the old shotgun, both barrels of it. I tell you, it'll straighten things out. It sure will. It'll stop your sheep killing. Amen. I didn't know I was going to say that, but you can just remember that. All right. Think of it.

**69** My, and there about the time he got his wheat in and everything, here come the big old fat Philistines, up and take it away from him. Right on up the road plank, take it away from him. One day, he just got his crop all laid in and all thrashed out. There he was, poor little fellow; he stood down there at the garners, looking around. And he said, "Well, mother, perhaps maybe we can live this winter, us and the kiddies." Looking around, and the first thing you know, he happened to hear something come up the road, "Tromp, tromp, tromp, tromp." Here come six hundred armed men, big old brass helmets on, their big old iron shoes, their spears in their hand, their big swords hanging at their side, coming up the road to take his crop away from him.

**70** I can see little Shamgar say, "Oh, my, look at there. Here is comes again." He looked over at his poor little wife. There she was, the elbows of her dress out. There's the little children, look real skinny because they hadn't had nothing to eat. The Philistines had took it away. That's about like some of the Christians look tonight. A puny looking thing to be called a believer, a born-again Christian. Amen. Not enough faith to dot an "i" if it was ink. That's right. Oh, my! Don't let the devil come over and take the glory of God out of the church, send your pastor away and let him get here all these here DD's and come back and stand up, and say "amen" like a dying calf. What you need is an old-fashioned, backwoods, sky-blue, sin-killing religion of a preacher that will preach the truth and stand on what God said is the truth, and liberate the people. Amen. I'm not rude. I don't mean to be, but, brother, it's time we brought ... made black black and white white. Yes, sir. You'll get God in your camp, and you'll hear the shout again in the camp of the King, when you get the thing fixed up. Amen.

**71** Now, notice. And here was a little old Shamgar standing looking out the window, and here come these Philistines. Said, "Oh, mother, looky there." His poor little girl crying. I can see her put her hands down, said, "Daddy, we won't have nothing to eat this winter." And then I notice mother, and there she starts crying. You know, Shamgar looked around. He just didn't know what to do. He looked around. He said, "I couldn't fight. I'm not a fighter, and I ain't got time to go out and learn how to duel, and take all these exercises and things. I haven't got time to do that."

**72** But he happened to look, set in the corner and there stood an old ox goad. You know what an ox goad is? It's a big old stick with a brass end on it to knock the ... to punch the cattle through the gate with for one thing, and then knock the dirt off the plow when they was plowing with it. An old ox goad laying there; that was the only thing that he could put in his hand. But you know what? I don't say he got angry, but his righteous indignation got up. Yes, sir. Brother, I tell you he dro... "What's in your hand?" "Nothing but an ox goad." And he said, "I'm not a fighter. I can't do this. I haven't got any training." But he didn't have time to do any training. The only thing he needed was the Spirit of God on him. He jumped out that window with the Spirit of God on him and took that ox goad and killed six hundred Philistines. Amen.

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

```
**73** What we need today, is not go away to the seminary and learn whether Mark 16 is right or not. Brother, people are dying. The thing we've got to do is get out right now. It ain't whether you're a dueler or right. It's rise. Yes, sir. He knew that he was a Philistine. He knew that them was Philistines uncircumcised. As sure as I know that sickness... As long as you know you got heart trouble, whatever your trouble is, we know it's of the devil. And he knowed that he was an Israelite. He knowed that he was circumcised. He knowed he had a right to the promise. He knowed that God would promise to bless him. So he got all angry with it, and picked up the ox goad, and went to work.

**74** What we need tonight is to believe, my brother, that you are God's child, and you got a right to it, and the promise is yours. Whatever is in your hand, pick it up, go to slaying the devil from one side to the other one. Amen. And you'll find out that the feathers will go to flying, and the devil will be defeated, and you'll come forth whole again. What's that in your hand? You say, "Brother Branham, I ain't got nothing in my hand." You might have a prayer card. Drop the thing on the ground, and rise in the name of Jesus Christ, and say, "I take Christ as my healer tonight." Hallelujah. You may have a little catechism sticking on your arm and wanting to check up on me to see if I'm right or not. Throw the thing away, and rise in the name of Jesus Christ, and get baptized with the Holy Ghost, and go forth in the camp. Amen. Yes, sir, you might have a bunch of little creeds you have to repeat in the morning before you go to church, and learn them so you can say them. Throw the thing away and get a filling of the heart of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Drop the thing and take what's in your hand. Whatever is in your hand, take it, and do the best you can with it for the glory of God. Amen. My goodness. I sure didn't... Oh, it's ten o'clock nearly. Let's pray.

**75** Our heavenly Father, there isn't much in our hands. But, God it isn't what's in our hand; it's what You can put in our hand. Oh, God, we need faith tonight. Take this little message tonight, Lord, and put it in the heart of every believer, and let them know that no matter how weak the person is, they still have Christ at hand. And I ask that You'll grant these blessings, save the lost, fill with the Holy Ghost those who are outside of Christ, and get glory out of the service. In Jesus' name I ask it. With your heads bowed, I wonder while we make this altar call just a moment... I know this is old-fashioned, rough, scoured down, scaled out preaching, sassafras as it can be, but, brother, you need it sometimes. That's right. You need it.

**76** Now, I wonder if there's anybody here tonight, not with some pathetic story to cry and go on... Listen. There'll be more people deceived on that than anything I know of. I'm not going to heaven because my mother went there. I'm going because Jesus Christ died that I could go there. I want to see my mother, sure. But I've got to come to Christ, not because my mother went, but because I come as a sinner, and confess my sin, and accept God's provided way. That's right. Now, are you tonight saying, "I am a sinner, preacher, and I want you to remember me in prayer. I raise up my hand to you to ask that you'll remember me in prayer as a sinner." Will you put your hands up, anywhere in the audience. God bless you all around. My, my, my. Way up in the ring around the balcony, is anywhere up in there? Yes, I see your hands. All the way around, God sees them too. Certainly He does.

**77** Immediately after the service, I want you to come down here and make a confession, give your heart to Christ, and serve the Lord with all your heart. Heavenly Father, as the night is growing on, little sick children sitting around. I pray, dear God, that Your mercies will be shed abroad in our hearts just now. May this little text of "What Is That In Your Hand?"... To Moses, nothing but a dry stick; to David, nothing but two little strings with a piece of leather in it, a slingshot; to Samson, nothing but a dry bone of a mule's jaw. Oh, God. Shamgar, nothing but a ox goad in his hand, a stick with a little piece of brass on the end of it, and he slew six hundred Philistines. Not a warrior, not a fighter, but a man in the covenant.

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

```
**78** O heavenly Father, won't You tonight, Lord, take each one into Your hand. Grant it, Lord, and open faith to their heart, and may Thy Holy Spirit do the exceedingly abundantly tonight, Lord, as they're waiting. Last night, so happy to see You make the blind to see, and the deaf to hear, and the sinners to come to Thee. And O God, all these great things that You did: the paralyzed untwist and come out of them chairs, and walk around in the name of the Lord. O Lord God, You're great. And we thank Thee for it, and we pray that You'll save every one tonight who put up their hands. May they never be lost, but may this be the night that they'll receive You. Literally a hundred or two put up their hands, and I pray that You'll save every one of them for Jesus' sake. For it's in His name we ask it. Amen.

**79** [Gap in the audio] . He sent a million Bibles down to these Jews. They just come in from down in Aram... there, or, Yemen, down in the countries there. You read in the magazines how they brought in millions of Jews. We had time to go into the prophetic thing... And those Jews coming back, I've got a picture of them coming in there, where they took it, coming off the ships, coming off of planes, packing their lame, and their halt, and their blind. So, we walked up to them. The man had taken this picture. Brother Arganbright and them (which is due here in the meeting), he'd asked them, he said, "What are you all coming back for?" "It's the homeland." Said, "So that you can have a place of your own, to die in the homeland." They said, "No. We're coming back to see the Messiah." Oh, you prophecy teachers. If you only knew what that was. When this Gospel ever turns from the Gentile to the Jew, the Gentile is finished. It's the end time.

**80** And so they gave them Bibles. They sent a million in there. Those Jews begin to read those testaments. They read it over. They never knowed Jesus was here. They never heard anything about it. Been down there since the Babylonian carry away, captivity. And they said, "If this Jesus, you call, be the Messiah, let us see Him do the sign of the prophet, like He did here in this Bible, and we'll accept Him. We'll all accept Him, if He'll come and do the sign of a prophet. We'll accept Him." Brother. Oh, my. I was in a couple hundred miles of it a few weeks ago, but the Holy Spirit constrained me, "Not just yet." Oh, how I would like to draw out a few million of them, and say, "I challenge that in the name of the Lord Jesus. If He won't do the sign of the prophet, how many of you here on this same grounds will accept Him as personal Saviour." And then when they do that, say, "This same grounds right here is where your early fathers received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the same signs that Jesus done will repeat again just exactly like you read it in the Bible." They don't want to have... Their God's a powerful God. Their God don't die. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, and they believe it.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**81** Notice. When Jesus was here on earth, He did not claim to be a healer. Many people come to Him that didn't get healed. Many times perhaps He was taken to the dead. I imagine there's thousands died while He was here on earth. He never raised but three as a confirmation. He passed through the pool of Bethsaida where people were laying lame, halt, blind, and withered; never healed a one of them. Went over to a man laying on a pallet and healed him; walked away and left the rest of them laying there. A Man full of virtue, full of faith, God Himself, Emmanuel, here on earth, dwelling among us, He said, "I do nothing of Myself." When they questioned Him (in Saint John 5:19), He said, "Verily, verily I say unto you: The Son can do nothing in Himself; but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Now, chase His life through the Bible, and find out if it wasn't every time what the Father showed Him. Jesus said, "It's not Me that doeth the works. It's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works."

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**82** When Philip got converted, went and found Nathanael brought him back, what happened? He said, "Come, see who I've found, Jesus of Nazareth, Son of Joseph. He said, "Could anything good come out of Nazareth?" When he come to see Jesus, he walked up in the line about like out there. Jesus looked at him. He might've been in the prayer line, for all I know. But he come to where Jesus was praying for the sick. He said to him when He looked at him... Jesus looked over at him, said, "Behold an Israelite, in whom there's no guile." And when... He said, "How did You know me, Rabbi?" It astonished him. Why, He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." He said, "Thou art the Son of God; Thou art the King of Israel."

```
John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

```
**83** He went up to the way of Samaria. He was going to Jericho, but went up around Samaria way up over the hill. He sat down, sent His disciples away. A Samaritan woman come out. He seen her there drawing water. The Father had told Him to go up there. Didn't tell Him what was going at happen, just, "Go up there." So, He got the woman up there, and He said, "Bring Me a drink." She said, "It's not customary for Jews to ask Samaritans such. We have no dealings." He said, "But if you knew who You were talking to, you'd ask Me for a drink." What did He do? Kept carrying a conversation, till He caught her spirit. Then when He caught her spirit, what was wrong with her, said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I have none." Said, "You said well. For you got five, and the one you have now is not yours." She said, "I perceive that You're a prophet." She said, "Now, I know, when Messiah cometh, He'll do these things. But Who are You?" He said, "I am He that speaks to you." And she run into the city, said, "Come, see a man that told me everything I ever done. Isn't this the Messiah?"

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**84** Now, if that Jesus is the same Jesus today, He can do the same thing today, and as God reveals He can do the same thing. Is that right? Now, look here last night. There was men and women sitting here down in this row here paralyzed, sitting in wheelchairs. Tonight they're out there in the congregation wherever they are, walking around. Why? Jesus Christ. There was men, women come to the platform, sin in their life. The Holy Spirit went right down, tell them just what it was and what they must do. They were healed, standing right there on the platform, give their hearts to Christ. If that isn't Jesus Christ of the Bible, I don't know the Bible. What about it, ministers? Is that sound like Christ of the Bible? Now, it isn't man; it's Christ. Now, if He will return tonight here, and produce the same thing that He did when He was here on earth, will you all accept Him then as Savior, as healer, and believe Him with all your heart? If you will, will you raise your hand? God bless you. Now, heavenly Father, now, this is all I know to do. The rest is to Thee, my dear beloved Saviour, and I pray that You'll grant the blessings through Jesus' name. Amen.

**85** Now, we took up all the prayer cards last night. I believe they give out some new ones today. If the boy ... he was here awhile ago. What was...? O's? All right. Let's start and line up some of them then. Who has number 1? O. Look at your prayer card and you'll find it. If you are, you may come over... This lady here? All right. Yes. Just come up, lady, right here. It's kind of little difficult. I'll probably have to call just one or two... Who has O, number 2, would you raise up your hand, ever who has number 2? The lady back there, would you come, lady, if you will? Who has O, number 3, would you raise up your hand? Ever who has O, number 3, would you raise your hand? Back there, sir? Sorry. All right. Would you come up there? Number 2 and number 3, now number 4. Who has O, number 4, would you raise your hand? You, sir? Would you come down here? All right.

**86** Number 5. Who has O, number 5? You have it, lady? Would you come down here? Number 6, who has number 6? Would you raise your hand? Number 6? Some of you, usher come here and catch these here in these chairs. All right. That's fine. All right. Number... What was I at? 5? Who had... Six? Who had 7? Prayer card 7, would you raise your hand right...? 7, the lady there. 8, would you raise your hand, quickly? 8, 9, would you raise your hand right away? 9. All right. 10? Now, as they line up... Now, how many in this audience, around everywhere now, I want to ask you. Now, this old-fashioned, sassafras preaching may be rough as it can be, but, brother, that's all I know. That's what saved me. And that's all I know. All I know... I don't want to offend you, but I sure would rather offend you a little now, to get you right with God and know I have to stand there at that day, and you point your finger in my face, and say, "Why didn't you tell me the truth?" See, I'd rather have it fixed up now, wouldn't you, all settled?

**87** Now, how many here doesn't have a prayer card and wants to be prayed for, would you raise up your hand? Just raise up your hand, don't have a prayer card, but yet you believe that God would heal you. May the Lord Jesus in His mercy ever bless you. All right. Now, if we'll just be reverent for a few moments... Let's see if they're lining... Well, that's the way. About as many as you can get in that line, I suppose. All right. We'll pray for a few right here now, and then. We'll wait just a little bit to see wherever our precious, heavenly Father will lead. Now, I want you to believe with all your heart. I see a man's done reached over... Is that your girl? Is it? A man's got so much faith he's got a little polioed girl sitting here. When this prayer line begins to start, he reaches over and takes the big brace and shoe off his child. That's the way. That's the way. That's faith. That's the way to believe it. Our loving Saviour knows all things, can do all things.

**88** Now, along this prayer line here, just a few, and maybe we can send up a few more in a moment. I want to ask you along there. Are you all strangers to me in the prayer line? If you, are raise your hands. All of you strangers. Are you all strangers out there, raise your hands, everywhere in the... All strangers. Then I don't know you. I know nothing of you, but I want to ask you something. Just make this just on the Bible. Now, what if Jesus was standing here, wearing this suit that He gave me. Now, what if He was standing here? What would He do with this situation tonight? What if someone out there would come and say, "Jesus, will You heal me?" You know what He'd say to you? He'd say, "I already done it. Don't you believe it?" Is that right? What He done at Calvary He can't do no more, see. He healed you at Calvary. He saved you at Calvary.

**89** Now, you say, "I was saved two years ago, Brother Branham." Well, you wasn't saved two... You was saved nineteen hundred years ago. You accepted it two years ago. Jesus paid for your sins when He died at Calvary. He paid for your sickness when He died at Calvary. So therefore, if God in His mercy did that, the only thing He could do now, would either, pick up the Bible, preach the Word. Or, He might be able to speak with a language that would be interpreted by somebody else and tell somebody something to do. Or, He being the Prince of prophets, He could, perhaps, stand here like He did in the Bible time, and your faith could come over and touch Him till virtue would go out of Him, and He'd turn around and say, "Who touched Me?" And He'd look around and tell you just exactly what happened. Is that right? Is that Jesus?

**90** Then if this lady sitting here in the chair would come up here, and Jesus would know her... I don't know her. God knows that. I've never seen her in my life. But what I'm trying to get at you, friends, so you'll always remember... Now, when Jesus did those things, what did Philip say He was? The Son of God. What did the woman say He was? The very Messiah, because He did it. But what did the Jews say He was? Said, "He's a fortuneteller. He's a devil. He's Beelzebub, the prince of all the fortunetellers." See, they knowed He knew what was wrong with them. He knew their hearts. He knew their troubles, for the Father showed Him what He wanted Him to know. You see what I mean? Now, that's Jesus tonight, the same. All right. Now, be reverent wherever you are, and now this ought to settle it once forever.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**91** Would you bring that lady here, or tell her to come here? Come here. I just... Now, lady, I just want you to stand there; that's all to do, just... That's all I ask you to do, is just stand there. Now, I don't know you. You don't know me. You just raised your hand you didn't know me, and I don't know you. But God knows both of us, sister, and He ... and He... I hesitated about that "sister" for a minute (See?), to say that, but I realize now you are. Now... See, it's first ... first thing I know that you're a Christian, because as soon as I caught your spirit, it come in like that you was a Christian, see. Your spirit was welcome. If it kept turning dark and cloudy, I'd knowed you wasn't, see; and therefore, I wouldn't have called you my sister. So then, but you are a Christian. Now, that much...

**92** Now that's just what Philip said to Nathanael. When he came up, he said, "Behold an Israelite, or, a believer, in whom is no guile." He said, "How did you know I was an Israelite, a true believer." See, that's the same spirit. That woman could've been a rank sinner, but I know she's a Christian, see. Because the first thing, her spirit, when this anointing that's here now, it caught right quick. You see? I seen it was a Christian. It made it welcome, see. So, I know she's a Christian. Now, if I don't know the woman, she don't know me... If the Holy Spirit will reveal to her, what she's here for... Now, of course, longer I talk to her, more it would say. You know that night after night.

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**93** But if it would just tell her what she's here for, would the whole group of you believe that I've told the truth? that would be God saying it's the truth? Now, a man can come by here and tell you anything in the world, make up some kind of fanaticism, do anything he wants to, he could do that, tell you that. That don't make it so. But when God comes back around and says that's the truth, then you'd better believe it, 'cause not to believe that is sin. So, I testified. Now, it's God's time to testify of whether I've told the truth or not. All right. Now, just standing here talking to the lady, never seen her in my life. But the lady's very conscious right now that Something is near her that isn't her brother here, a man. There's Something near her, that she knows it is. And that's that Angel right there you see on the picture. It's right here now, just a Light between me and the woman. That's the reason it dropped down there and I felt it welcome. Light all the way through, she's a Christian.

**94** Now, I just want to talk to you just a moment, you being the first patient. And I want every person, no matter where you are and what's wrong with you, you look this a way, and you say, "Now, Lord Jesus if You... I know that man up there. He's just a man, and if You'll just let me ... let me have faith, and let my faith be built just to the place like the lady will be..." And then watch what God will do. Then you accept Him as your healer, as your Saviour, whatever you have need of. Now, to talk to you, lady. There's people pretty near all around tonight. I've just got to single you out; spirits from everywhere. Now, me, being just a man; then you, just a woman: It's a very same kind of a picture that Jesus talking to the woman at the well. It's a man and a woman again. Now, I don't know you and never seen you, but I just have to get your spirit different from these other spirits of people who's talking ... or, who's praying (You know?) at this time, faith coming in.

**95** But immediately... Now, if the audience is still hearing my voice, the lady is moving away from me, and she's a lady... That woman standing before me has just recently been in a hospital, and that's just been in hours ago. She was just dismissed from the hospital today, or this afternoon, seven o'clock tonight, when she come out of the hospital. She has a rare blood disease, coupled with a mental nervous condition. Go on your road, sister. Your faith healed you; you make yourself well. Amen. You believe? All your heart now, have faith; don't doubt. If thou canst believe, all things are possible; but you've got to believe. Now, just have faith out there, and you shall have what you ask for.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**96** Little lady sitting there in the pink coat with that bladder trouble, just... You've been healed. God bless you. Lay your hand over on the lady next to you, 'cause she suffers with a nervous condition, on this side over there. Our heavenly Father, her faith touched... I got weak. I seen the light of You hanging over her. I pronounce them well in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. See, you don't need prayer card. You have faith; believe that God has said truth. For He's nothing but truth; He's the resource of all truth. Now, just be reverent. Just believe with all your heart. You can have what you ask for, if you'll just believe it.

**97** Now, is this the patient? I'm not beside myself, but the world will never know, sister, what a feeling it is. Now, we do not know each other. We're strange to each other, and I, your brother in the Lord Jesus, and we are here trying to help one another. If I could help you and wouldn't do it, I'd be a brute ... if I could help you... But there's nothing in me that I could help, except God would let me know what to do. So, if He will reveal to me why you're standing here, will you accept it then as truth, if it's finances or whatever it is? You'll believe that God is interested in your case and is going to hear? You'll do it? May the Lord grant it is my prayer, as you look at me. You know like Peter and John passing through the gate called Beautiful said, "Look on us. Look on us." Not look to them as Him, but just to give attention to what they're saying, catch the attraction of the Spirit.

```
Acts 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

```
**98** I see that you had some trouble with a eye condition, and I see a doctor that's examining it. And he consulted another man, and that man... They don't know what's wrong with your eye. They can't say... They can't put their hand on it, what it is. And then, I see them giving you some kind of a something down the stomach here some... It's a fallen stomach. You have a fallen stomach. The doctors has give you up in them regards. And you are not from... You're not from this city. You come from up the road this way: Atlanta. And the doctors said, "Miss Trudy," or something like that he called you. That's right. You return home now and be well. Your faith makes you well. God bless you. Have faith.

**99** You're the father of the child? Have faith in God. Don't doubt, but believe. If thou canst believe... Now, remember, this is not me. Hear to it; it's not. Now, your attitude towards it... Call it what you wish to; that'll determine what you get from It. Depends on how you approach it. The woman touched His garment; she had virtue come to her. The man who smacked Him on the face, and hit Him with a reed, and said, "Prophesy and say who hit you," there was no virtue to that. Little lady, sitting right back there, you're suffering with head trouble, aren't you, lady? Sitting, looking at me right there, You believe... Yes, ma'am. You believe Jesus will heal you? He did heal you right then. You suffer with that for a long time, lady. It's gone from you now. Your faith made you whole. Praise be to the living God. Oh, how we love Him. How you should love Him.

```
Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

```
**100** While the Holy Spirit's moving there: There's a man sitting right behind you, sitting there with an arthritis. You believe, sir, that the Lord Jesus will make you well? You believe it? Yes, sir, you do? All right, sir. You can have your healing then. God bless you. Kind of shocked you didn't it? The lady sitting right back there, holding her hand up praying, she's got a bladder trouble. She wants to be healed too, looking right me, sitting right back in the back. You believe that God will heal you back there, lady? All right. If you believe it, you can have your healing. Amen. Isn't He marvelous? Lady, sitting right back here, right back through here, she's looking right at me. I see the light hanging right over her. She doesn't have a prayer card, but she's suffering with a heart trouble and arthritis. That Light went right straight from this man over to her. Right through here, and now, sister, if you want to believe with all your heart, you're wearing glasses, you want to believe, you can be healed. Jesus Christ will make you well. God bless you. All right. That settles it. Amen. Oh, how wonderful. Do you believe?

**101** Now, here's... It looks like you could see that, Christian friends. See that light whirling? He's standing right here. It's coming right over that ... sitting right there, you got varicose veins, sitting right there. You believe Jesus going to make you well with those veins, heal you? Do you believe it with all your heart? If you do, you can have your healing. God bless you. Excuse me, sir. You believe me to be His servant? You come with your baby, mighty sweet little baby. I don't know you. You know that. I'm a total stranger to you. I never seen you, I suppose, in my life, sir. We're totally strange to each other, but God knows both of us, doesn't He sir? You got your little baby, and I can see that baby coming from being examined. And the doctor says there's no hope for it. That baby is suffering with cancer in the blood, called leukemia. That's right. There's not a hope in the world for it. And, my brother, the father of that baby, you need the Lord Jesus Christ as your Saviour, don't you? You're a sinner. Will you accept Him now as your Saviour? Will you raise your hand and say, "Lord, I accept you." Now, put your hand right over on your baby.

**102** Almighty God, in the name of Jesus Christ, I now rebuke this devil that's killing this baby. May pardoning grace come to this father, and may they go, and live, and be happily together, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. Your sins are gone. Have faith in God now. Amen. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you can be made well. Do you believe Him? What do you think, sir? You believe me as God's servant? Your trouble is in your back. It's a spinal condition. That's right, isn't it? You're having hopes tonight that you can get saved; and another thing, you got a habit you want deliverance from, isn't it? Smoking cigarettes. Will you give them up right now? Raise your hand, say, "God, this finishes it." On your road, and your back trouble will be well. In Jesus' name. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Death lingers near, so does life.

**103** Do you believe that Christ could heal you of this horrible demon? You believe He'll take it away from you and make you well---this cancer? Almighty God, the author of life, the giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon the woman and heal her, in Jesus' name I pray. Satan, I rebuke thee in Jesus' name. Amen. Go on your road rejoicing now. Just a minute... What do you think, sir, sitting there in that wheelchair? Are you believing? You believe Jesus will make you well? Kind of struck you then, didn't it? You realized something happened. You believe me to be His servant? Will you obey me as His prophet? Then you can get up out of your wheelchair, and push it, and go home. Jesus Christ will make you well. Don't be scared; believe. And the rest of you, while he's coming out. You can do the very same thing. There he is [unclear words] will stand up. Every one of you stand to your feet right at this time. Almighty God, author of life, giver of every good gift, send Thy Spirit upon these people, and heal them, every one. Satan, I condemn thee. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, come out of this people. Every one of you, stand to your feet, everywhere, and give God praise. The Holy Ghost is here.
