---
Date: 1955-06-12
Title: About Jesus
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Porter Stadium in Macon, Georgia, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 1 minute
Author: William Branham
---

# About Jesus



**1** Thank you very kindly. Thank you, sir. Good evening, friends. I'm happy to be here tonight to service of the Lord Jesus Christ, and to see this lovely crowd of people out. I believe if they had what was on the ground, up in the place, we'd just about have it filled up tonight. So, we're very thankful to see this nice, beautiful audience. We wouldn't want you to go up, if you sit here, because you want to get in close to the service. And we wish it was so we could have every one right around where we were standing. And just as I come up to the platform just now, the boy run ... someone give my boy there, this string, from the little waterhead baby that was spoke to the other night here. And here's the string from the first night, about an inch and a half. And then the second night is an inch or better gone the second night, again. So, that makes right on between three and four inches shrunk, in the last forty-eight hours. We thank and praise the Lord for His goodness. I was just thinking, that's six paralyzed people sitting in wheel chairs that's got up out of their wheel chairs and walked in this meeting, went away. And many of them on cots and stretchers and different diseases of their bodies, are reporting the Lord Jesus has made them whole. So, that certainly is wonderful, isn't it? We are happy for all this, and we give God praise for all of it. Now, may His blessings be upon you.

**2** Now, I want to take this opportunity to say that this has been a great meeting to me. I've had many times as more people out, but it's been a real good, solid meeting, and we have enjoyed every bit. I speak for myself and my party ... or, my party and myself, rather. And to my minister brothers, the ones who has sponsored this meeting, it's indeed been a pleasure to me, brethren, to be with you here under your sponsorship. You've done a marvelous job of advertising, cooperating, and all. And I am sorry that I didn't get to meet each one of you, personally, and shake your hand. I've been a little handicapped, brethren, in this time. Nothing of your account, but on account of Brother Moore. He didn't get here, and we was without a manager. Mr. Woods, my dear beloved brother here, he never tried to manage a meeting, and he wouldn't know how to do it. And I've got a boy here that's just a kid, so he wouldn't know what to do; and to be honest, I wouldn't know what to do. So, we just had to do the best we could, and you've been very fine, and I appreciate you. And I hope that someday that I can be back with you again under the same sponsorship, to have a longer, and maybe God give us a greater meeting. And I pray that this meeting will be a great thing to all your churches. May your churches grow. May the blessings of God rest upon each one of you. And may the great ministries come out of your churches, evangelists, and so forth, to go forth in this last day, in the service of the Lord.

**3** And to you people, it's been your finances that's paid off all of our debts. My boy has tried to take care of it this time and it's new to him, and he's tried his best. And he said, "Well, daddy, we're leaving without owing a penny and everything." And said "They are giving you a love offering tonight. It'll be free." I always take my love offering... I usually get it at the end of the service, and if they don't have the debts paid up, why, I use that to pay up the debts, and to try to... We don't never want to ever have a pressure put on a meeting, no time. I just wouldn't stand for it. I never have. And we're not here to get people's money. We are here to help you, to do everything we can to let you be in closer contact with the One who we all love, the Lord Jesus Christ. And that's our sole purpose of being in any meeting. And if I would have took the money, not that's been that I asked for, but money that would've been given to me, I'd be a multi-millionaire. I had a million five hundred thousand dollars give to me in one bank draft; I refused to put my hands on it. And I wouldn't have it, 'cause you... There's about three things, that you'll watch, that'll really start a minister on the downgrade, and one of them is money. Money, then popularity (when you think you're something when you know you're nothing); so, popularity, and then go to running around with some woman or something. Them three things, then you're ... those things. You keep free from that, and God will take care of the rest of it for you---if you just keep your head thinking right. And with God's grace I've tried to shun all those things. I've refused money, ranches and everything else that people had give me. Why, I'd refuse to take it, just for that purpose. I don't want to be bothered with it. I just want enough money to run this meeting, and God will supply enough for the next meeting when we come to it. And then if He don't supply it, maybe I was out of His will. So then, and that's the way I try, and I... And then, for popularity, I've shunned that; you know that. And I know that I am nothing, and where did it... Like God told David, "I took you when you was in a sheep cote." And that's where I was at, too, only worse than that. And He loved me. And I have three meals a day, and healthy, and can eat. And I have a little home up there, the parsonage that belongs to the tabernacle that I used to pastor. They could put me out, but they wouldn't do it. So, I've got a place to stay, three lovely little children, and this boy here, and a lovely little wife. And I love her with all of my heart---the only woman in the world that I love. And so that settles that, and I hope that God will always keep me that way.

```
2 Samuel 7:8 Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:

1 Chronicles 17:7 Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:

```
**4** And so, I'm very happy to be in this service, and to find this... My first time in Georgia. But it's certainly ... you've certainly been taught grace down here, and know how to take a hold of God. I wish that Brother Moore would have been here so the meetings could have been of more force. If I have to preach... Last night, my boy taken me a little early than what I thought he should have done. But he said, "Daddy, you turned completely white." If that boy would give himself over to God... He sees visions, too. But he's just in the adolescent age; and you pray for him. I keep him in the meetings because I know what young life is. I was young once myself. And I've been both mother and daddy, both, to him. His mother died when he was just a little bitty, eighteen-months-old baby. And I've raised him, pack him in my arms, put his bottle under my coat here and keep it warm in wintertime, put it under my pillow at night to keep it warm by my own body. And he's just been raised up on my arm. So, I love him, and he goes with me. And we're leaving straight from this meeting to go over to Zurich, Sweden, right away ... Zurich, Switzerland, rather, right away. And we've traveled, world over, together. Pray for us as we go. And every penny that you people give in this love offering tonight... I wish I didn't have to take that. I just wish I didn't have to do it. But I have to, in order... I have no other way of making a living; just by the alms of the people is the way I live.

**5** And another thing, I have a great expense at home. My expenses, whether I'm in a meeting or not, runs me between seventy-five and a hundred dollars a day. I send out thousands of letters, and everything, across the world, around the world; and books and everything. So, my expenses are pretty heavy. And then every penny... When I get a love offering, I go see how much behind we are at the bank; I pay it off, and just pay up enough for... Then, what I have left over, it goes right straight in foreign missions, to go over seas, to help the people over there. And I'm sure, by the grace of God, I'll spend every penny of it as reverently as I know how, for the kingdom of God. And then at the day of the judgment when we all meet together, you'll find out that the reason the black man or the yellow man or somewhere in the other nations, it will be your money that helped send me there to get him saved. And I know you will shout the victory through the ages that is to come, over it. And I'll be... I'm your brother and I love you. And I used to say this: The night never gets too dark or the rain never falls too hard but what I would come to you. I said that when I first started. I wished I could now. But there is just too many; I couldn't do that. But I'll be glad at any time to pray with you by the phone. Write to me if you want one of these prayer cloths, if I'm home. Now, the little thing is made up, will be made up by a mimeograph machine. But the cloth, I have individually prayed over. I know what if it was my baby sick and I had confidence in some brother that God heard his prayer, I wouldn't want some secretary to make it up; I'd want it to come from him. And so, they say, "Do unto others as you'd have do unto you." So, if you need one... Now, I'm not saying this. I know a lot of radio talk with brothers who has radio programs that want you to write to them so that they could get your address, and send to you for offerings and things. You won't get a letter like that, friends. And I believe that your money belongs in your church. Just exactly where it belongs. And you put it in your church---your tithings and so forth---to support your church. I'm just trying to help you; you don't have to send one thing. Just send it; everything's free. Just, you need a prayer cloth, keep it. If it isn't here tonight and you miss yours, you send. If you want one just to keep, you send in; put it on an Acts 19 in the Bible. And when sickness strikes your home, go pin it on your child if it's got the croup or whatever it is, and then believe God with all your heart. And it's absolutely yours, free. No charges to nothing. And just want you to be helped of the Lord. And if I never get to see you no more this side of Glory, on the other side, I hope that we sit down by the evergreen tree---there by Christ, the fountain of ... inexhaustible fountain of life---and we shake one another's hands and have a thousand years with each other to talk it all over, over in the other world.

**6** The sun is setting, friends. We've got to work now. I love you and I know you love me. And I appreciate everything that's been done. The good Lord bless you is my sincere prayer. Shall we bow our heads just a moment. Precious Heavenly Father, tonight we are come to the close of this marvelous Macon meeting. After this being the tenth night of seeing Your great mighty hand move through the people; and the great infallible evidences of the resurrected Lord Jesus Christ moving among the people, revealing their sins on the platform, healing the deaf, the blind, the spastic, the cripple, the lame, the halt, the cancer, heart trouble, making them well; showing Your great signs that You are still the living God, that death only glorified You and You rose again and alive forevermore. And it's helped our hearts so much, Lord. And it'll help this part of the country---Your visit here with us. And we are so happy. We pray, God, that it'll increase the membership of every church through Georgia. God, grant it. And may the results cause an old-fashioned revival to break out and go nationwide. And the homes that's broke up will be reunited again. Men and women who are away from God will come back again. And those who are away from the church will come back and come into the fellowship again. Grant it, Lord.

**7** And soon send Jesus, the great Shepherd of the flock, for we're longing to see Him and to look upon His face and to love Him and express our adorations to Him. How we'll praise Him and adore Him for all He's done for us and tell Him that when the way got weary and we got tired that He was always there to meet us and to help us. Oh, we love Him tonight, Father. And we pray that His great blessings will remain on every church through this community and every house, and every individual that's had anything to do with this meeting. And may it all be to Thy glory. Now as we're approaching the last part of the service ... or, the closing of this service, we pray that you'll give us a double portion tonight of Thy blessings. May the Holy Spirit come and bless every heart here. And do in our midst tonight, Lord, the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could do or think. And we'll return and give Thee all praise, for we ask it in the name of Thy beloved Son, the Lord Jesus. Amen. I am not very good at expressing and telling people how I appreciate them and so forth. But I hope that God Himself, the Holy Spirit, will express to every heart just the way that I feel about you tonight.

**8** This is not an easy thing. And I'm not an isolationist. I love my brethren. And just about time I get acquainted with people and just get to know one another and begin to feel ... and their confidence begin to raise up, then I have to say, "Goodbye. I've got to go somewhere else," see. But one of these days we're going to meet where we'll never say goodbye. Right. We'll have plenty of time then. God understands, and I hope that He will reveal it to your heart. Pray for this Swedish meeting coming on. I keep calling it Sweden. It's not Sweden; it's Switzerland. Zurich. Looking for about a hundred and fifty thousand people at the first meeting at Zurich, Switzerland.

**9** When I was up... Just by the way, the vision that really led that great meeting in Finland just recently; that vision come when I was in Georgia, passing here on a train. I seen a little boy being raised from the dead. I went down in Miami and there predicted it before thousands of people. Was anybody at the Miami meeting that's here present tonight when I predicted? I see some hands going up here, here. That's good. Well, that's fine.

**10** You remember what I said? Told how the boy would be looking. He'd be killed by an automobile accident. There'd be stones laying lapped like that and green timbers standing up. The little boy'd have kind of, what we call, a crop haircut, brown eyes. His foot would be run through his little sock and so forth. That's just the way it was. I predicted it all around over the United States. Two years later I was in Helsinki, Finland. We went from there up to Kuopio. (That's in the Laplands.) Coming down off the mountain one day, I seen... We was having a marvelous meeting, and we'd went up there to show me the tower where they used to watch where the Germans would come in and bomb their little city over there ... and the Russians.

**11** And on my road down I seen where a American-made automobile had struck two little children, hit one under the chin and knocked him over against the tree, and crushed his brain against the tree---the fender. And the other one ... run right over the other little boy and rolled him up under, and he kicked him way out across the road, and he was laying dead, with some coats over him. And the people in Finland, they live in the city and farm out in the country, and walk back and forth---very poor people. And Brother Moore and Brother Gordon Lindsay and them went over to take a look at the little boy. And they come back and they were crying. They said, "Brother Branham, you ought to go see him." I said, "I don't want to see him." I'd been gone to France and England and many places and I had... My little Billy Paul was just about that age then. I was homesick to see him, and I didn't want to go see that little dead boy. So, finally they persuaded me to go over. And when I went to look at the little lad, I looked down at him and my heart was breaking to see the little fellow; and I turned away.

**12** And when I turned away, something laid its hand on my shoulder. I thought it was Brother Lindsay and I looked around; was nobody around me at all, and the hand was still on my shoulder. See how stupid a preacher can be? So, I looked down and I couldn't make it out what it was. And I looked again, and I said, "Would you raise that coat back?" They'd gone to get the father and mother, and I just thought how that little father and mother's going to feel when they come in and found their little boy laying there dead. And he'd been dead about thirty minutes then. And they'd gone out in the country to get the father and mother. And I said, "Could I look at that again?" So, the interpreter spoke and they raised it up. And I thought Well, where... And I happened to look up and here come that rocks lapping down like this; them green timbers. I seen the little crock haircut, little brown eyes set back. Every bone in his body was broken and his foot run through his sock. It was that boy perfectly. And I said, "Brother Moore, come here, you and Brother Lindsay. Look in the flyleaf of your Bible." Said, "What's the matter?" I said, "Read the flyleaf of your Bible." I asked everybody to write it in the flyleaf. He looked down there and said, "A little boy'd be..." He said, "Well, Brother Branham, that's the boy." I said, "That's him." Oh my! What a feeling! I don't care how many... You could take every scientist in the world and stand them there and every demon out of torment could be standing there... It's going to happen anyhow. It don't take faith then. God's already said it. It's going to be done.

**13** I said, "If that little boy isn't on his feet in the next five minutes, I'm a false prophet," see. And we knelt down there, and all of them got back. And the main man of the city, the chief man (something equivalent to a mayor here in the States), he was standing there. They backed over, away. I knelt down just the way the vision told me, and prayed for the little lad, and said, "Lord God of heavens and earth, over in the homelands, You showed me this vision while passing through Georgia one night." I say, "I pray to Thee, Lord God, that now that You'll confirm the Word that they might know that You're still the Lord Jesus. And that Finland might know that You're the resurrection of the dead." And laid my hands over on the little boy according to the way He showed it. It has to be everything just the way the vision was. And I called for death to give his little life back. He jumped up, began screaming and running around. That's all over Finland. I've got it at home, by the mayor's signature and everything. It went out over radio. That night you couldn't even get into the place for six or eight blocks. They had Finnish soldiers out there guarding the way.

**14** And I want to tell you something, friends. Now, I'm not a politician, but they say there's no Christians in Russia. That's an error. There was those Russians; if you live in Russia, it'd be forty miles from where you was born at, you'd have to have a visa. Many of those fine Christians come over there. And when they were standing on the street, when them Finnish soldiers bringing me down, they stood at attention with their Russian salute and the tears running down their cheeks and said, "I'll accept a God like that." That's right, see. They're just tired of creeds and forms, that's all. Anybody that's mentally balanced will receive a real true and living God that raises the dead. Certainly they will. And here not long ago I was talking to Baron Von Blomberg. (Probably you know him; he's a good friend of mine.) He had a little German prisoner, was from overseas; and he got him out behind the Iron Curtain. He said, "Brother Branham, I'm surprised that your meetings no better known than it is here. It's better known behind the Iron Curtain than it is on this side, from the resurrection of that little boy." He knew about it, that it happened. I remember... If we got just a moment's time. It's a pretty night, so let's just take a moment's time to finish this little ... up, if you will.

**15** I'd like to tell you about the other little boy. That night something happened as I started into the "Messuhalli," they called it. They'd put twenty-five thousand in, and then they'd make them go out and let another twenty-five thousand come in, just to hear you speak. And so when I started in that night, I went into ... they're very poor, and as I went through the room, Mr. Baxter, my manager, was singing at the platform. And they were trying to sing "Only Believe"---them Laplanders. My, you should have heard that. And so then, when I started up into the place, I went through... There's a room there, and the ladies' dormitory was on the side, and rest room. And there's four little soldiers, poor little fellows... Them Russians had killed them off, till ... the boys never shaved in their life. Just little slick-faced; pitiful looking sight to see them little boys, not over fourteen, fifteen years old; big old long coats, big boots, beating along there. And they had their little rifles, and they was keeping the crowd from me out, to making them clear the way as we went down for six city blocks, trying to get in.

**16** And then when we got in there, started through... Well, coming out of the dormitory there was a little girl stepped out. And they'd had orders: If they see me on the street not to say one word. Everything like that, you know, so we could get out, 'cause I was about to die. You can just imagine what services that would be. And I'd get... After they'd all go in the afternoon service, I'd get some of that old money they had, go out there and buy a lot of candy; and I'd have a string of kids from here back out to the gate. I just love children anyhow.

**17** And so, that night going in, a little Finnish girl stepped out. Her little ragged hair, and she had a little skirt on and little rags hanging down from it. And she had two crutches under her arm, and she had a great big brace wrapped around her like this and buckled in the back. And she had one leg was a little shorter than the other. And this right leg didn't have any use of it---couldn't use it. And she had right in the toe of her shoe she had a strap and a snap. So, the snap come up and a piece of leather went over her back and hooked over into this big brace back here. She had two crutches. And then these braces come up and braced this leg and made it strong. Then when she started to walk, she'd raise her little shoulder up like that and raise that little leg up and set it out like that with this strap and pull it up. There's no little leader control of it, and set it out; then she could walk. Her other leg was all right. She'd set her little crutches out like that; then she'd walk.

**18** And when she stepped out and throwed her little crutches out, she looked at me; she bowed her little head; she thought she'd done something wrong. And I looked at that poor little fellow. I knowed she wanted to come to me. I looked at her and I stopped. The other two soldiers walked on. They turned around, these other two; they couldn't speak a word of English and I couldn't speak any Finnish. So, they was trying to make me go on, and I just stood there. And I kept motioning them not to do it. I looked at that child; no one in there but just the four soldiers, myself, and the little girl. And she looked at me. She thought she had done something wrong. I said, "You want to see me, honey?" And she didn't ... of course, couldn't know what I was talking about. And I motioned to her like that. And I watched that little fellow, and she come over, and she put her little crutch out, and her little shoulder, and she moved over till she got right up close to me. And I just stood and looked at her; see what she'd do. And she got right up close to me. And she reached down and took a hold of my coat and picked up my pocket and kissed me on the pocket. Dropped her little ... my coat down and the little ... the word thank you is "Kiitos." And she stretched her little crutches out and took her little skirt and pulled it out like that. And she said, "Kiitos." And she looked up, and her little lips a-quivering, the tears running down her little cheeks. I come to find out she was a little war orphan. Her mother and father had been killed in the war. And they was just ... she was just tossed about wherever she could.

**19** I looked. I thought, God, if I was the biggest hypocrite in the world, You'd honor that child (see), from her ... from her faith. And she kissed me on the pocket and then thanked me. Pulled her little skirt out like that, and said, "Kiitos." And tried to peg away. And I put my hand on her; I looked as I did. I seen a little girl going, walking like a shadow, with no braces at all on. Going, walking along like this. I said, "Sweetheart, look, look. Oh, if I could only tell you." I said, "Honey, you're healed. Oh, my!" I said. And about that time Brother Baxter burst through the door, and said, "Brother Branham, you're late; come on." And he grabbed me by the shoulder, and in I went. So, I started on through the service and got about, oh, I guess about almost through, till my brother and them run up and begin to pat on the side. I know then, I go kind of semiconscious when them visions are on. And it would reach out there in them audiences and tell those people their name, like "Runningwater," his name was. And they'd have to interpret to tell it what it was, and tell them where they lived and what their name was, and all about it. I tell you, them people just throwed down crutches, and canes, and get up off of cots and go healed. That was all. They was just carried away.

**20** And then, when... You didn't have to lay hands on them. You didn't have to say a thing; just let them know that God was there, and that was all was necessary for them folks. So then, when I looked around, I said... Howard kept telling me---my brother---he said, "Let's go." And he was going to put my arm up around his neck. And I said, "I just wish we could just stay just a little bit longer." And so, he said, "All right." And so, the next one, they helped up, by God's sovereign grace, it was that little girl. And here she come across to me. And she was smiling, you know, with these little crutches. I said to the interpreter there, Mrs. Isaacson (and she may be sitting in this meeting, for all I know), so, I said, "Mrs. Isaacson, just say what I say." I said, "Sweetheart, you're the little girl that was out there that caught a hold of my coat." And she nodded her little head. I said, "Jesus made you well, sweetheart." I said, "Now you go over there, and let some of the men take the braces off you, and as you take the braces off, let your little hands go down, just as much as your little leg is short, then come back and show Brother Branham." I called the next... It reminded me of the little girl sitting here last night. When I seen that little child, I seen the father take the brace off of it, as soon as he got before me like that. Then last night when the Spirit of God struck me, I seen the little child going walking away. I knowed it was going to be all right. And so, it went right on away, whole. So, that's ... and then that little fellow, when she went over there, I called someone else. In a few moments, here she come across the platform with braces, crutches, and all, over her head, running and screaming to the top of her voice. Now, her picture and address, I think, and everything is in our book out there.

**21** Then when I went in that night, there had been that other little lady that's little boy was mashed up. He had never come to. He was in what they call a hospital, just a house-like there. Had one doctor and three or four ladies in there taking care, for nurses. And, oh, it was a pitiful sight. And the little lady, when I'd go in, they'd have to pull me over at the hotel. "Come, heal my little boy." Well, we told her that was against the rules for me to leave the campaign and go to one, 'cause one's just as dear to one as the other. So, we couldn't get her to understand. And finally, that day, she had been over there. And they wanted me to go over. And I told them, I said, "Bring her up, and let me talk to her." So, her and her husband come up---just young folks, about twenty-five years old. And she said, "Well, go over and heal my little boy." Now, it was through an interpreter. And I said, "Well, I didn't heal that little boy." I said, "Over in the homelands, God showed me a vision about the little boy." She was a sweet little woman. She said, "Go, see vision for my little boy." I thought, Well, that's awful nice, but I can't do that. I have no way of seeing vision; it's what God shows. It's the sovereignty of God. It isn't me. So, I said, "Are you a Christian?" "No." "Is your husband a Christian?" "No." "Well," I said, "then if you want to find favor with me, you'd do something for me." And I said, "That's the way with God. Now, if your little boy dies, goes to heaven," I said, "then if you die a sinner, you'll never see him no more. And if you're a Christian and he dies and go to heaven, then you go to heaven, you'd be with him, where we'd never have no more accidents." And I said, "Then in doing that, you might find favor with God."

**22** Well, she couldn't lose on either side. So, they got down and give their hearts to Christ. Now, not just a make-on, they really got up. Of course, the father, he got up crying, he was ready to go on out home, you know. So, the little mother said, "Now, go see vision for my baby." So, I said, "Well, I wished I could. But you go on..." She said, "Go down to the hospital." "No." I said, "You go on home; if the Lord shows me anything, I'll come tell you." So, about every fifteen minutes, she'd call up. "Brother Branham seen vision yet? Brother Branham seen vision yet?" So, of course, that's a mother for her baby. And then, along about that night, after I'd got in from the meeting---that little girl had been healed, and many more---I was standing up. It's was about eleven-thirty or twelve o'clock; you could read a newspaper on the street. It was that far up in the Laplands... It doesn't get, just... There's just one day a year, one day and one night, you see. Six months it's dark; and six months, the sun is up; and six months, it's down. And I had this Bible and I had it over my heart. And when I come in, my brother Howard, said... Now, if there's any Canadians here, I don't want to this to take offense at this, brother. But, we was in Canada, one time, and we got some candy, and oh, my, it was bad. They just didn't have the ingredients to put in it, like here in America. So, Howard give me a couple pieces of candy, my brother. Said, "You talk about that Finnish ... that Canadian candy; taste that once." So, I went in, went to my room. Brother Moore and Brother Lindsay went together, and Howard and Brother Baxter, and all of them went their rooms. But I stayed by myself all the time, on account of the visions. So, I went into the room. And I just laid on the table the piece of candy down, stood around like this. And I was looking out towards the east, and I said, "Great Jehovah God," seeing those little Finns coming through that park a screaming and praising God. And I said, "Great Jehovah, some day, You'll come. Oh, how marvelous it'll be when You come." And praising Him. I heard something go [Brother Branham makes thump.] click, sat down like that. And there was a little long glass set down in front of me. And it had two, I think they're called jonquils ... or, they're Easter flower, to me. It looks like one of these old photograph horns, you know. And two of them was setting there, and one of them was laying that way, and one was laying this way. The one laying that way was laying all the way flat. And this one was going down like that.

**23** And I thought, Well, where did that come from? And I looked over to my right hand side; there He stood, that big fellow, dark hair to His shoulder, had His arms folded, the One that always speaks to me, the One that does the talking right here, the Light over Him. He was standing there. And He said, "What did your brother give you?" I said, "Those pieces of candy, Sir." He said, "Eat them." And I picked it up. I put one piece in my mouth, and I swallowed it. Now, don't ask me what it means; I couldn't tell you. When I swallowed that, that Easter flower that was laying that way, went "Whoosh," raised right up like that. He said, "Now eat the other one." And I started to eat it, and oh, it was horrible. I took it out of my mouth, and this other flower went "Tu, tu tu," going down. Said, "Fail to eat it, and the other boy will die." And I happened to think then, that geographically, just the way those boys was laying, when they got ... when we found them, laying. One laying to the south and one to the north. And I put it in my mouth and kind of, you know how you hold your taste ... or, your breath, like, you know. I chewed real quick and swallowed it. And when I swallowed it, this Easter flower on this side went [Brother Branham makes a swishing sound] stood right up like that. Said, "Go tell the mother, 'Thus saith the Lord, her prayers are heard.'"

**24** My! After I got to myself, from the numbness, I run out in the place; they thought they had the Salvation Army up there. I let out a scream, and the windows, the doors coming open. Everybody run out. I said, "Come here, Sister Isaacson, all of you, and Brother Moore." I told the vision to them. I said, "Go get on the phone and tell that little woman that I said, 'Thus saith the Lord, don't you worry; that baby will come to. It'll be all right.'" So, she called the home and the ... they had a little tiny baby, and the baby sitter was watching it. And they said, "They had been called to the hospital, the boy was dying." So, they called up the hospital, and the mother come to the phone, just screaming to the top of her voice. Mrs. Isaacson said, "Now, don't worry." Said, "He's going to get all right." Said, "He's..." Said, "Well, we come up here to see him, they thought he was dying. He just raised up just now. We're washing his face to take him home. He's all right." My! Oh, I tell you, our Lord is God. That's all. He's God of the Heavens. He's God of the earth. He heals the sick. He raises the dead. He does all things well. Now, did I have anything to do with the healing of those boys? Not one thing did I have to do. It was God that did the healing. I only did what He told me to do. The Lord bless you. Always remember, friends, if you never think of anything else that I've said to you, remember that I believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is not dead, but He's alive.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**25** Read just a little Scripture now, and speak to you for the next ten or fifteen minutes, if you bear that long. We'll start and put a good, long prayer line out, start praying for the sick, the Lord willing. Now over in Saint John the 11th chapter and we want to read just a portion of His Word. Let's begin at the 18th verse. Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off: And many of the Jews that came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother. And Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house. Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou would have been here, my brother would not have died. [Listen to this now.] But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou will ask ... God, God will give it thee. Jesus said unto her, Thy brother shall rise again. Martha said unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day. Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and ... life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this? And she said unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world. May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word now, as we speak from the Word, just a few moments. Then we'll pray for the handkerchiefs and start praying for the sick.

```
John 11:18 Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:

John 11:19 And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.

John 11:20 Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.

John 11:21 Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

John 11:23 Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.

John 11:24 Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.

John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

John 11:27 She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

```
**26** How many likes the Word? Everybody. Oh, I know you do. Faith cometh by what? Hearing! And hearing the Word of God. Nothing like it. It's the seed. It's the seed to every hope. And if you... Here's another thing: Always remember that I made this statement: That the right mental attitude towards any divine promise of God in this Bible, will bring it to pass. If you'll look at it right, and believe it, it'll come to pass.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**27** Now, in our text tonight, we find a very sad scene breaking up into a great glorious victory, because of the presence of the Lord Jesus. Now, we are taught by history, that Jesus, after He had left his own home and come up to live with His friend Lazarus. And as the little fiction book of The Prince Of The House Of David (if some of you ministers, perhaps, nearly all ministers have read that)... And it's fiction. It's Ingraham's book. And he said that when He come up to stay with Lazarus, because his foster father, Joseph, had deceased, and He come to live with Martha and Mary and Lazarus. And Lazarus was learning to be a scribe at the temple. And Martha and Mary was needle workers that made tapestries and things for the temple. And then, His ministry got so popular that He just went away from the home. And any time when He goes away from home, then trouble sets in. And you just remember this, friends, you Christians: Any time that Jesus leaves your home, look out for trouble. It's on its road to your house. This case, Jesus didn't ... He didn't leave because He had to, but His ministry forced Him away. For our context tonight, let's back up just a little bit and get a text about Jesus. God always, before He does anything here on earth, He usually gives a warning before He does anything. I believe that this great revival of sweeping the lands today, though we have many things that we like to comb out of it---fanaticism and things rises up in the midst of it---but in the midst of all of it, it's a warning to the world that judgment is ready to strike the world at any time: God making His last call just before the coming.

**28** Remember, if you spurn mercy, there's nothing left but judgment. That's all that you can... If you trespass and step over the boundary line of mercy, there's nothing left but judgment. So, God, before He does anything here on earth, He always sends a warning. Now, before Jesus was born, He sent a warning. And He's always... Another thing keep in mind: No matter how formal and indifferent the world gets, God has never left Himself without a witness on earth. He's always had somebody He could put His hand on and say, "This is My servant."

**29** And in this day, before the coming of the Lord, the church had got away, about like it has in today, under the Roman government. And the old-fashioned types had just about cleared out. But they had somebody who kept the faith. And that man's name was Zacharias. And he had a wife named Elisabeth. And they were righteous man and woman. They lived together godly. They served the Lord with all their heart. Elisabeth was barren. Her husband, the priest at the temple, his duty was to burn incense while the people were praying. And one day while he was down at the temple burning incense, while prayers were being made, a righteous man, (notice), holy man, feared God, had his house in order. While he was making this offering there of incense, he looked over on the right hand side of the altar, and there stood Gabriel, the Archangel. Now, do you believe in angels?

```
Luke 1:5 There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.

Luke 1:6 And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.

Luke 1:7 And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.

Luke 1:8 And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest's office before God in the order of his course,

Luke 1:9 According to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.

Luke 1:10 And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.

Luke 1:11 And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense.

```
**30** Here not long ago, a man met me, he said, "Brother Branham, I've tried to search your ministry, your teaching, but there's only one thing,"---and this a full Gospel brother---he said, "there's only one thing that you make a mistake in." He said, "That is: talking about an Angel." Said, "That's God." He said, "There's no angels of the New Testament. Angels was of the Old Testament." Said, "Daniel had angels, and so forth, that followed him, and the old prophets and so forth. But in the New Testament, the Holy Spirit governs and leads the church." I said, "You're correct. The Holy Spirit does. But still we have angels, which are ministering spirits sent from God." And he said, "Not in the New Testament, Brother Branham." And I said, "Yes." I said, "How about the Angel, Gabriel, with Mary?" Said, "That was before Pentecost." I said, "Then, you mean after Pentecost?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Do you believe that Philip had the Holy Ghost?" He said, "Sure." I said, "Who was it that caught him away from that big revival down there, and sent him out into the desert, Gaza, then? What was it? Was it the Holy Ghost, or was it the Angel of the Lord?" It was the Angel of the Lord.

**31** I said, "Who would doubt but what that great Saint Peter had the baptism of the Holy Ghost? You believe that don't you?" And when he was in jail that night and they was going to behead him the next morning, and down at John Mark's house was having a prayer meeting, who was it come in like a big pillar of light and shined in on him, and loosened him up? Was it the Holy Ghost? No, sir. It was the Angel of the Lord. That's right. Who would say that Saint Paul didn't have the Holy Ghost? And out there on that ship, and it waterlogged, fourteen days and nights, no moon or stars, and all hopes they'd ever be saved was gone. And he went down in the galley to pray, and when he come back out, said, "Be of a good courage, for the Angel of God, whose servant I am, stood by me last night, saying, 'Fear not, Paul. Thou must be brought before Caesar, and lo, God has give all these that sail with you, to you.'" Said, "Wherefore, be of a good courage. For I believe God, that it'll be just as He told me." Amen. Paul had the Holy Ghost.

```
Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 12:12 And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.

Acts 27:20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

Acts 27:21 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.

Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**32** And look the whole book of Revelations was wrote ... sent, a message by an Angel. "I, Jesus, have sent My angel to signify these things which must shortly come to pass." Now, a true angel... You're going to throw back Joseph Smith and so forth, to me. But, watch: It don't work with the Scripture. A real true angel will come and vindicate this Scripture to the dot. Yes, sir. Notice, that John fell down and wanted to worship that Angel. And He said, "See that you do it not, for I am thy fellow servant, and of the prophets; worship God." A true angel won't be worshipped. It's not worship of angels; it's a ministry of angels that comes from God. Now, these minor angels comes ... perhaps, this angel's with us, or comes to your humble servant; that's probably a minor angel. But when Gabriel comes, brother, there's something really on the road; something major going to happen. Gabriel announced the first coming of the Lord Jesus, and Gabriel will announce the second coming of the Lord Jesus. Amen.

```
Luke 1:11 And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense.

Luke 1:12 And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him.

Luke 1:28 And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.

Luke 1:29 And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.

Luke 1:30 And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.

Luke 1:31 And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.

Luke 1:32 He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:

Luke 1:33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.

Revelation 1:1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:

Revelation 22:8 And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.

Revelation 22:9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.

```
**33** There, Zacharias looking and the great Archangel standing there, Gabriel. And He saluted him. And said, "Now after the days of your ministration," said, "you've found grace with God. You're going home and be with your wife, Elisabeth, and she's going to conceive and bear a son." "Now," he said, "these things can't be. I'm old." And He told him he would be dumb, until the day the baby was born. And they'd call his name, John. See, no matter what man thinks, God has got a program and it's going to be fulfilled. No matter. "God is able of the stones," John said, "to raise children unto Abraham." So, you know how the story goes. The people wondered why he was so late. And after a while he come out and he was dumb. And he motioned to them, beckoned to them to go away. And he went home. And his wife conceived and hid herself for six months. At the same time, there was a little virgin living in the city of Nazareth---meanest city in the country, way worse than Macon. And there she was living. No matter how bad the place is, you don't care how low the people is in your community, how wicked it is, yet, you can live a Christian life. No excuse for it. There, out of all the women in the world, God chose a little lady, a little virgin living in the wickedest city there was in the land.

```
Matthew 3:9 And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

Luke 1:18 And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.

Luke 1:20 And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.

Luke 1:23 And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house.

Luke 1:24 And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,

Luke 3:8 Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

```
**34** Let's give a little drama here for the sake of the children, many of them looking, and listening. I can see Mary; as oriental types, maybe it's Monday morning; that's a bad time for the women. It's wash day, or, it is at our house. Then I can see Mary go down to the virgins' fountain and get some water. She sets a pot upon her head, as the oriental custom, or either on her shoulders. She comes walking back up along the side of the path. And all at once, a great light comes in the path, and she looks into this light, and there stands the mighty Archangel, Gabriel. Said, "Hail, Mary." Why, it excited the little virgin. It would excite you. I know how I felt, the first time I seen the Angel that speaks to me. They say, "Why don't you ask Him His name?" You don't ask nothing; you just listen. Then, said, "Hail! Blessed art thou among the women, for you've found favor in the sight of God." Oh, my! What a salute! And He said, "Now, behold thy cousin," which was Elisabeth, a cousin to Mary; John and Jesus were second cousins. Said, "She's with child of six months, which was called barren. But thou art going to have a child, knowing no man." She said, "How can these things be?" He said, "The Holy Ghost will overshadow thee. And that holy thing which will be born of thee, shall be called the Son of God."

```
Luke 1:28 And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.

Luke 1:34 Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?

Luke 1:35 And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.

Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.

```
**35** Now, I want you to watch the difference. There was an old preacher, had plenty of examples: Sarah received a child when she was older than what his wife was. Hannah, at the temple, praying in such a way, till the priest thought she was drunk. Many of God's people are misunderstood. They're not crazy. They're just misunderstood. And she was praying for God to take away her reproach. Zacharias had that for an example. But he doubted. Look at that man; served the Lord; a good man; but yet, doubted the supernatural, being a minister. But the little virgin, she never doubted one thing, and she had a lot more to believe than what he had to believe. There had never been a child born, a virgin-birth. But she said, "Behold, the handmaid of the Lord. Be it unto me according to Thy Word."

```
Genesis 21:2 For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.

1 Samuel 1:13 Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.

Luke 1:38 And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her.

```
**36** What we need here in Macon and all the rest of the countries tonight is some more Marys. She didn't wait till she felt life. She didn't wait till she had felt anything. She didn't wait till she was positive of it. She took God at His Word and begin to rejoice over it. That's the way. Don't wait till you say, "Well, if my hand straightens, I'll feel better." Look at those people here; when I laid hands on them the other night, they just stayed there for a few minutes, looking at their hands. First thing you know, the Holy Spirit begin to move, and those old twisted up bones begin to loosen up, and here they went across the platform, and around, rejoicing in the Lord. Amen. Don't think you have to feel something, see something; take God at His Word and start rejoicing. I can see her going around saying, "Glory to God, I'm going to have a baby, knowing no man." "Why," they'd say, "the girl is crazy." But she took God at His Word. She had seen a vision. She knowed it was the truth. That's what we need today: somebody that'll take God at His Word.

**37** On her road, she heard about Elisabeth, her cousin, is going to have a baby. So, she runs up in the hilly country of Judea of see her. It was a great honor then to have a baby. It's a disgrace nearly, now. I'm not bawling people out. I don't preach by any notes. I don't know what I'm going to say. I just have to reach up and get it. And when it comes, I just have to say it. That's all I know to do. But, today, it's a dishonor, almost, to see a big family, anymore. Yes, sir. They'd rather pay a hundred dollars for a little snotty-nosed dog and pack it around and give it the love of a mother, and practice birth control, than to have children. Think that was something old. Hang around to the bar rooms, and drink, and play cards, and run around all afternoon in your husband's car. Why, it's a disgrace! That's right. The greatest honor a woman can do, outside of coming to Christ and being loyal to her husband, is have a baby. Amen. You might be nursing a little preacher, how do you know? Hallelujah! I know that's old-fashioned, cornbread type, but, brother, it'll stick to your ribs. It'll do when you're dying. It sure will.

**38** Then, I can see her. She run up to salute her cousin. And now when she got up to the hilly part of Judea, she come up... Now, Elisabeth had hid herself six months, as a mother. And the little baby had never moved. It was dead in its mother's womb. You know that's subnormal: six months. Two or three months is life. But she had hid herself, and wouldn't show herself. And when she seen the virgin Mary coming, she run and threw her arms around her, and hugged her and kissed her. I like to see women meet one another like that. I like to see men meet one another and greet one another. You know, they got today, there is no fellowship among people. That's right. Men walk up and say ... just a little bitty, old, cold handshake. I like that great big, old, pump-handle type. Get her around here, like that. Got a feeling in it. That's right. I like the old-fashioned way.

```
Luke 1:24 And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,

Luke 1:39 And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;

```
**39** Here not long ago, I was down here in Florida in a meeting. And there was some kind of a duchess, or something there, I guess you called it, some kind of a woman. Duchess? She'd let them have a piece of ground out there. And back in behind the tent Dr. Bosworth said, said, "Brother Branham, the Duchess wants to see you back there." I said, "The who?" He said, "The Duchess." I said, "Well, who is she?" He said, "Well, she's the great woman here." I said, "There's a lot of sick people out there, too." I said, "She's no more than those sick people. If we're going to see anybody, let me see some of the sick out there." And he said, "Well," he said, "you see, she's a great woman." Well, they had her ... the manager and them had her standing right in the road, and when I got back there... I'm not making no remark of this woman; I don't mean to. But just to see what I mean. A great big woman standing there with enough jewel on her to send fifty missionaries overseas. Great big, fat hand. She had a pair of glasses on, sticking out like this on a stick. And when she come out like that, she looked over this stick, and she said, "Are you Doctor Branham?" I said, "No, ma'am." And she said, "Well, Doctor Branham," she said, "I'm chahmed to meet you." And she raised her hands up like that. Just putting on the dog, that's all. Held her big old fat hand up like that. She said, "I'm chahmed to meet you."

**40** I got a hold of her hand, and I said, "Well, get it down here, so I'll know you when I see you again." I don't like that old put-on, trying to be something when you're nothing. After all, what are you? If you're duchess, or whatever you are, you're six foot of dirt; you're not born again of the Spirit of God, you're hell-bound as much as a martin is to his box; no matter who you are. You're the President, or a king, or whoever you may be. We're all six foot of dust. You're going right back there. Putting on a lot of stuff when you're nothing. That's right. Clothes looked like she had been poured into them, and not enough to go in an aspirin box, or wad a shotgun. Standing there looking like that, like she was somebody. That don't mean anything. Just a little old tile here on earth, you got to lay down and leave it, every bit. Yes, sir. A Duchess! Put on something like that.

**41** People don't even know, used to be, a long time ago, we'd go out and, if the neighbor, when we was on the farm, and somebody got sick, we'd go over and cut the corn, and cut the wood and bring it in. And now days, why, you don't even know your neighbor is dead, unless you read it in the paper. There's something wrong. Brotherly love has ceased. It's awful. Here the other day, I went down town with my wife. And there was some lady said, "How do you do, Sister Branham." I looked over to Meda; I said, "Well, you didn't speak to that woman." She said, "Yes, I did." And I said, "Well, I didn't hear you." She said, "I smiled." I said, "Oh, that little old silly grin." I said, "That's not speaking to anybody. Get out there on the street and shake her hand. And say, 'Hello, sister, I'm glad to meet you.'" Amen. Brother, that's what ... get back to the old-fashioned hewing line again, where are men are ... Christians are Christians and men and women live like they ought to. Amen.

**42** I can see Martha, run out there ... or, I mean ... or, beg your pardon, I mean, Elisabeth. Run out to meet Mary and throwed her arms around her, and said, "Darling, I'm so glad to see you. My," said, "I'm so happy. I haven't seen you in such a long time." And I can hear Mary say, "Well, now, Elisabeth, I'm so happy to see you, honey. And I've been thinking so much about you. And I see you're to be mother." She said, "Yes. I'm to be mother. That is right, Mary." Said, "I've had pleasure with my lord." Said, "And I'm going to have a baby. But," said, "Mary, I'm worried. The little fellow is six months and he has never moved, yet. The little baby's dead." "Well, you know," Mary said, "you know how I knew it? I was coming back from the pump one day, down there, and I met the Archangel Gabriel, the same One that met your husband. And He told me I was going to have a baby, knowing no man. And said I was to call His name, Jesus." And just the first time that that name Jesus was ever spoke by human lips, that little dead baby leaped for joy, in the womb of the mother, like that, and received the baptism of the Holy Ghost.

```
Luke 1:41 And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:

```
**43** She said, "Whence cometh the mother of my Lord. For as soon as your salutation come into my ears, why, my baby leaped in my womb for joy." And if that name Jesus could make a baby, dead in the mother's womb, leap for joy, the first time was spoke by human lips, what ought it to a born-again Christian, or a man or woman who believes and serves Him? Amen. Leaped in her womb for joy. Then the Holy Ghost come upon Elisabeth and she begin to prophesy. Oh, that's the old-fashioned religion. That's the way it works in the supernatural realm. What kind of a baby was this to be? When, little old John was born, well, he never went over to some seminary, and got a BA degree. But he went out in the wilderness---they thought about the age of nine---and stayed out there with God. That's the way to get a degree: out with the Lord. And he was out there until he was thirty years old.

```
Luke 1:42 And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.

Luke 1:43 And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?

Luke 1:44 For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy.

Luke 1:45 And blessed is she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord.

```
**44** And in them days, John the Baptist came from the wilderness of Judea, preaching, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is at hand." And he stirred all the regions around about Jerusalem, and Judea, and Samaria. Great throngs of people come out. My! We wonder, that's the kind of Baptist we need today, my Baptist brethren. We need a Baptist like that. Why, old Herod come up, and I can hear somebody say, "Now, don't you preach on marriage and divorce, tonight." Could you imagine a man full of the Holy Ghost, holding back anything? Walked right up in his face and said, "It's not lawful for you to have her." Yes, sir, brother. He had the Holy Ghost and he was preaching the Holy Ghost. And all the regions around was stirred. Listen. Preaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ, though it is simplicity, it's the most powerful message that was ever preached, or ever said: the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. And there he stirred the regions around about.

```
Matthew 3:2 And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

Mark 6:18 For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife.

```
**45** Then Lazarus come down with Jesus. And when He was disputing there, John on one side of the river, and a priest on the other side, saying, "You mean there's coming a time..." He said, "There'll be a time when the daily sacrifice will be taken away. A man will die for the sins of the people." And they'll say, "Oh, rabbi, you don't know what you're talking about."---John. John said, "There's..." And he looked around, and he said, "Behold, there comes the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Behold means "to esteem," or "look up to." He said, over there, how he knew Him, said, "He that told me in the wilderness, upon whom thou shall see the Spirit descending and remain, He's the One that'll baptize with the Holy Ghost." There was a sign followed the Messiah. There's a sign still follows the Messiah, of the Messiah people. "Signs and wonders," Jesus said, "would follow them to the end of the world." He would be with them, even in them to the end of the world. Said, "There comes the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." And Lazarus about fainted, I suppose. Jesus after He was baptized went into the wilderness, and was there for forty days, tempted of the devil. And when He come out of the wilderness... (My, I looked at that watch, and that's ruined me now. Getting so late. Just a minute now, before we close.)

```
Daniel 12:11 And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 1:13 And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Luke 4:2 Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.

John 1:29 The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.

John 1:33 And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.

```
**46** Look. When He come out of the wilderness, he come out preaching, doing signs and wonders. His ministry got so great that He was sent away from the home ... or, I believe God give Him a vision to go away. It proved that God give Him a vision. When Lazarus got sick, He went away. They sent for Him; He kept on going. They sent for Him again; He kept on going. If your pastor would do that, you'd never go back to that church again. That's the reason the pastor can't do nothing for you. You got to believe Him to be a man of God. So, when He went on and on... After a while He knew that the Father's time had come, that He had fulfilled the vision. He said, "Lazarus is dead, and for your sake, I'm glad I wasn't there."

```
John 11:14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.

John 11:15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

```
**47** So, He come back. Lazarus took sick. They are taught ... just kind of a... I don't know whether it's the truth or not: that he died with hemorrhages. Perhaps, the doctor come in, done all they could do. They sent for Jesus; He didn't come. And they left the man; he went on and died. Dark hour. Took the fellow out, embalmed his body, and put him in the cave down in the ground, laid a rock over it, which is the oriental type of burial. Then when they laid him there, the first day passed, the second day, third, fourth day, then the skin worms was crawling in. The human body ... the first thing sinks in is the nose, and after a while they begin to decay and rot; and the skin worms, and bugs, and things crawls in, eats the human body up. Four days, done stinking; after seventy-two hours corruption sets in it. Then all hopes was gone. There was Martha and Mary, had left their church, give up all they had. There their brother was dead. The man that they'd had confidence in, being the great man who went around and did miracles, He had left them and gone away, wouldn't come when they sent to pray for his brother. The darkest hour that little family had ever seen. And usually about the darkest hour, that's when Jesus comes around.

**48** The darkest hour that I ever seen: when a doctor told me I had three more minutes to live. Then Jesus come along. Yes. Darkest hour, maybe, you ever seen. Then Jesus comes along. This may be your darkest hour, sitting here in these wheelchairs, the ending of the meeting. The hopes that you had of being healed, after seeing these other cripples and things walk away. Maybe you think, "I wonder if there's any hope for me." Darkest hour. But don't worry; He'll be here. Just keep faith in Him. He'll be along. He never fails. He comes right along. Somebody come and said, "Jesus is coming to the city." My! I can imagine those critics saying, "Now, where did that holy-roller go?" See, when His friend got sick, why, away He goes. So, He isn't here no more now. But when they said, "Here He comes slipping back into the city now; after the boy is done dead, and buried, here He comes back into the city." But little Martha had been kind of dilatory about many things, but she had a faith that wouldn't move. When she seen Jesus, knowed that He was coming, she run right out, down through the critics, and went right on down to where He was. Now, looks like she had a right to upbraid Him, because that she had... She'd scold Him, say, "Why didn't You come to my brother? We left our church. We give up our religion. We done everything for You."

**49** If she'd have met Him in that condition, the miracle would have never took place. It's the way you approach a gift of God that determines what you're going to have out of it, see. The way you approach it. But Martha, when she come to Him, she fell down at His feet. She said, "Lord..." That's exactly what He was; she give Him His right title. Now, watch faith go to work. I believe Martha had read the story about the Shunammite woman, how that when her baby died, and she knowed that God was in Elijah.

```
John 11:21 Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

```
**50** Elijah was God's man of the hour for the nation. And she knew that God was in Elijah. So, she had that servant to saddle a mule and drive forward till she got to Elijah to find out why her baby was dead. And you know the story, how Elijah come and raised the baby up for her, to life. Well, Martha, perhaps, thought, Well, if God was in Elijah the prophet, surely He's in His Son. Amen. "Well," she said, "now if I can only get to Him, I can find the reason." So, she went to Him with reverence---no matter what He done, what a mistake it looked like. She went to Him with reverence and fell down before Him, and said, "Lord..." That's what He claimed to be: the Lord. Said, "Lord, if Thou would have been here, my brother would not have died." She hadn't lost confidence. "If You had been here, my brother would not have died. But even now, though he's dead, the skin worms is eating him up, but even now, whatever You ask God, God will give it to Thee." I like that.

```
2 Kings 4:24 Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.

John 11:21 Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

```
**51** Maybe you've seined through every hospital in the city. Maybe every doctor has turned you down. "But even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to Thee." Maybe, they say, "You'll never rise from that wheelchair." But "Even now, Lord,"---not in the morning, not after a while---"but even now, whatever You ask God, God will give it." He's sitting at the right hand of the Majesty on High, making intercessions upon our confession. He said, "When you pray, believe that you get what you ask for, and it shall be given unto you." "Even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it Thee." My! That stirred His heart. He looked up at her; He said, "Thy brother shall rise again." Amen. She said, "Yes, Lord. I believe that He'll rise again. He was a good boy." They believed in the general resurrection, those Jews. "I know he will raise again in the resurrection at the last day." Listen at Him. He wasn't very much to look up to; He was a little old scrawny-looking fellow, no beauty that we should desire Him.

```
Isaiah 53:2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

John 11:23 Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.

John 11:24 Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.

```
**52** And I can see Him pull His little shoulders up, said, "I am the resurrection and life: he that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die. Believest thou this?" She said, "Yea, Lord: I believe that You are the Son of God that was to come into the world." Something's got to happen. Brother, them clouds are moving together. There, faith met the ... met its course there, right in that man, there's a resour... the God of Heaven standing there, veiled in flesh. There's that woman standing there with perfect faith in Him. And the wheels are moving together. "I know that whatever You ask God, God will give it." He said, "I'm the resurrection and life: he that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me, shall never die. You believest thou this?" She said, "Yea, Lord. I believe that You are the Christ, the Son of God, that You confess to be, that was to come into this world." He said, "Where have you laid him?" Amen. Brother, something's got to take place when the believer gets in contact with his Maker. Something takes place. Amen. Something's got to take place. There He goes to the grave. He started weeping as He went down.

```
John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

John 11:27 She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

John 11:34 And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.

John 11:35 Jesus wept.

```
**53** All due respect to this woman that was talking to me, sometime ago. She said, "Rev. Branham, you brag too much about Jesus." Now, she was a Christian Science. And they don't believe that the blood of Jesus Christ... They just accept Him to be a prophet, not divine. And I said, "I believe He was divine." She said, "Oh, you brag too much on Him." I said, "How could I brag too much on Him?" Said, "You make Him divine. You make Him God." I said, "He was God." Amen. God was manifested in the flesh. He was Emmanuel. I said, "He is either Almighty God enveiled in a body called His Son, the Lord Jesus, or He's the biggest deceiver the world ever had." I said, "He was God." She said, "No, no, no. He wasn't divine." I said, "He was divine." She said, "I'll prove to you by the Scriptures that He wasn't divine." I said, "If you can do it by the Scriptures, I'll believe you." And she said, "I'll tell you why He's not divine." Said, "In the 11th chapter of Saint John, when He went down to the grave of Lazarus, He wept." And said, "A divine person cannot weep. That He cannot. He was not divine. He was weeping when He went to the grave of Lazarus. What about that?" I said, "Woman, your argument is thinner than the broth made out of a shadow of a chicken that starved to death." I said, "You ain't got no leg to stand on there." I said, "He did weep. I'll admit that. He wept when He went to the grave. But when He straightened His little body up there, and said, 'Lazarus, come forth,' and a man had been dead for four days and nights come to life again, corruption knew its Master, and the immortal being, a soul that had been four days' journey out somewhere, knew its Master, and returned back. And a man stood on his feet and lived again." Amen. He was a man when He was crying, but He was God when He raised the dead. Amen. God was in His Son, reconciling the world to Himself. Yes, sir.

```
John 11:35 Jesus wept.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**54** He was a Man when He come off the mountain that night hungry. He didn't have nothing to eat. He went around that fig tree, looking around for something to eat. He was a man when He was hungry. But when He took five biscuits and two fishes, and fed five thousand, that was God speaking out of His Son. Amen. He was more than a Man then. That's true. He was a man when He had been healing all day and the virtue going out of Him, preaching and praying for the sick. He was laying out in a little old boat that night and ten thousand devils of the sea swore they would drown Him. And that little old boat out there in that storm tossed around like a bottle stopper. He was a man laying in the back of the boat asleep, so tired and weary till even the wind didn't wake Him, or the waves. Oars was broke, the mast pole fell, the sails was gone; and He was still asleep. He was a man when He was sleeping. But when He walked up there, and put His foot upon the brail of the boat, looked up and said, "Peace be still," that was more than a man speaking there. That was God speaking through His Son. He was divine Son of God. Amen. He was a Man on Calvary when He cried for mercy; that's right. He was a Man when He cried, "My God, why has Thou forsaken Me?" But when He rose up on Easter morning, breaking the tomb sealed, and hell and death was destroyed, He proved that He was the Son of God. Amen. Believeth Thou this? Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me; Buried, He carried my sins far away; Rising, He justified freely forever: Some day He's coming---oh, glorious day! Amen. Yes, sir. He was the same One that was with the Hebrew children in the fiery furnace. Believest thou this?

```
Matthew 8:24 And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.

Matthew 8:26 And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.

Matthew 14:19 And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

Matthew 14:21 And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.

Matthew 21:18 Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered.

Matthew 21:19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Mark 4:37 And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.

Mark 4:38 And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?

Mark 4:39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

Mark 6:41 And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.

Mark 6:44 And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.

Mark 11:12 And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:

Mark 11:13 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.

Mark 15:34 And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Luke 9:14 For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.

Luke 9:16 Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.

John 6:9 There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?

John 6:10 And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.

```
**55** I believe that that same Jesus that raised Lazarus, is here tonight. Believest thou this? I believe that same Jesus that rose up from the dead is right here now. Believest thou this? I believe that the same One was with Daniel in the lions' den is here tonight. Believest thou this? I believe the One that touched the woman ... or, the woman touched the hem of His garment and healed her is here tonight. Believest thou this? I believe that He said, "These signs shall follow them that believe, if they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover." Believest thou this? I believe He said, "If ye abide in Me, and My words in you, ask what you will, it'll be given to you." Believest thou this? Amen. I believe He's the same yesterday, today, and forever; His everlasting peace, the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost is here tonight. Believest thou this? I believe He's the One that's been with us this week to make the paralyzed to walk, the deaf to hear, the blind to see, healing the sick and the afflicted, showing signs and wonders. He is the resurrected Christ. Believest thou this? I believe He will always be the same Christ. I believe He's here tonight to heal the sick, to save the lost, and to take us to heaven some day. Do you believest thou this? He's here.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

John 15:7 If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**56** Let us pray. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, Thy beloved Son, Lord, we believe this old story with all that is within us. Our hearts, souls, and body believe this story, that You are the Son of God, the resurrected One. Ages may roll on, skeptics may rise. Demons may fight; they may possess people. But yet, You'll remain God through the ceaseless ages. You'll always be God. Now, I pray God, that You'll save every lost person here tonight. Heal all the sick that's here tonight. Call back the backsliders, Lord, to the church of the living God. Grant it, Lord, for the glory of God; we ask it in Christ's name. With our heads bowed, I wonder in this vast audience, just now, before we start the prayer line: Is there any sinner here, that's seen the great works of God, this week, that's here tonight and outside of God? My Christian friends, pray like you never prayed before. And if you're here tonight, sinner, would you raise your hands, to the Almighty God, and say, "God be merciful to me a sinner." Would you raise your hands? God bless you. Everywhere. That's right. Raise your hands everywhere. Just scores of people raising their hands, all around. Think of old blind Fanny Crosby. She said: Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Thou the stream of all my comfort, More than life to me, Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Whom in heaven but Thee?"

**57** Every man or woman that ever amounted to a hill of beans in this world was men and women who trusted God and believed that Jesus was the Son of God. They believed this old Gospel story. I can see Eddie Perronet there when he was persecuted by men. He couldn't sell his music to nobody. Nobody wanted him. One day, in his office, after being persecuted and run back, he picked up the pen, and the Holy Ghost grabbed his pen, and he wrote the inauguration song of the second Coming of Jesus. When he said, "All hail the power of Jesus' name! Let angels prostrate fall; Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all." And other one wrote... Oh, my! What we seen great poets and authors and prophets and ministers through the ages. May God have mercy. Is somebody here without the Holy Ghost tonight, just living a halfway life, and would like to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Would you raise your hands, not to your brother, but to your Maker? Say, "Remember me, God. Be merciful." Remember, there's a recording Angel taking every hand down. He knows just exactly who you are. No matter whether I see you, your neighbor sees you. We're not asking for your neighbor to see; I'm asking for you to look to God, the Lamb of God, to take away the sins of the world.

**58** Our Heavenly Father, Thou doest see the hands up. And, Lord, at the close of this healing service, may every one of them come forward, Lord, stand around an old-fashioned altar here and pray. Many of them boys and girls, out there, that's raised their hand: Maybe an old mother, dad, has done gone on years ago. Their prayers are still on the altar of God, and the angels of God are gathered tonight here, to answer that mother's prayer. God, grant that they'll receive Jesus tonight, as Saviour. If there's a lukewarm church member here, Lord, that only goes to church, not knowing what it means to be born again, never received the Holy Spirit... As Paul said to the ones up in Acts the 19th chapter, said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" God, grant tonight that the Holy Spirit will pour upon them, and they'll go back to their church, a fire for God. Grant it, Lord. Cause an old-fashioned revival to break from this, Lord, in every church through the country. We know You're coming soon. Tomorrow, Lord, on our road, way over across the seas, the stormy weather, down into the places, for Thou has commanded us, "Go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature."

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

```
**59** Oh, merciful God, send Your grace to these tonight. There is many sitting here that we'll never see again after tonight. Audience of this many people, thousands gathered in here. Some of them old and just about ready to cross the line. Then, Lord God, I know, according to nature, there's many here that'll never see me no more, and I'll never see them no more until we meet at the seat of Christ. O God. I want to leave this testimony, that I've told the truth. And I give them an invitation to come to Thee. Father, every one, save them. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. Oh, my! After an old-fashioned altar call like that, it just makes you feel like you're just all clean, scoured out, doesn't it? How wonderful. How marvelous. What a time to remember from the revival to come, to remember this type of meeting, that you got saved when there was one of these meetings going on: an old-fashioned, Holy Ghost, God-sent meeting, where people are being saved. May He bless every one of you. Now, when the healing service is over, won't you come up when the ministers makes the call here? Come up here, and stand and pray just a little while, friends. As I said in prayer a few minutes ago: this is our last time meeting, many of you. I'll never see you no more now. I won't see many of you no more until we meet at the feet of Jesus. Then I've got to give an account for what's went on here this week, for the Gospel that I've preached. When you see standing there, by the grace of God, I still believe the same old story that I started off with: Jesus saves from sin and heals the sick. Amen.

**60** Oh, it's my life! It's me; it's all I am, all I could be, all I can think of. Here not long ago, my little boy... We went down into a little place ... we was over at Wood River, Illinois, just before we went overseas to India, where we had our largest congregation of five hundred thousand people. Then, when we were at Wood River, the place was packed full of people, and we went down to a little place. And after service, he said, "Now, daddy, you got to eat a little bit tonight, 'cause you're getting weak." And I went into a place to eat and there was some school kiddies in there. You know how they are; they was playing them little old, what you call nickelodeons or ever what little... I can't hardly eat in a restaurant where them things are at, squeaky and carrying on. But kids, you know, they drop some kind of a coin in there, and they was playing some kind of little song. And I was sitting there. And Billy said, "Daddy, ain't that a pretty song?" I said, "What song?" I didn't even know it was playing. And he said, "You know, Daddy," said, "you just read so much, and pray so much, till everything you can think of is Jesus Christ." I said, "Thank you, son; that's the best compliment I've ever had." Yes, sir. That's right. I said, "That's right. That's all I want on my heart, on my heart, in my mind, all day long and night, and meditate upon His precepts and on His love."

**61** Now, just before we start praying for the sick... I do not say that Jesus will do this tonight. I can't say, because I do not know. But, I want to say to this mixed audience tonight: If Jesus Christ, the Son of God, rose from the dead... The Bible said that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the Scripture. If He is the same, He's got to prove that to be the same. If He manifested Himself to the people, in the days yesterday, He's got to manifest Himself in the people today. And He promised it in His Word. The only thing, you're just afraid to step out and take God at His Word, that's all. Don't you be afraid. You stand right there; no matter how dark it looks, you see if Jesus don't come to you. I've never seen Him fail. He'll do it. But, you've got to stay right there. You've got to... You can't just hope so, you've got to really take His Word for it, and believe it with all your heart.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**62** Now, when He was here on earth, He did not claim to be a healer, friend. He did not claim that. He claimed very vice versa. Now, I know strangers, perhaps, here tonight. You might go away, say, "Brother Branham, the divine healer." Now, that's an error. I am not a divine healer. And there is no other man on this earth a divine healer. That's contrary to the Scripture. The Scripture don't allow any of us to be divine healers, not even Christ Himself. Christ said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works." He passed by great multitudes of people (Saint John 5), crippled, lame, blind, halt, and withered. He went right through that pool, after a woman stood out in the crowd and touched His garment. He turned around, looked over in the crowd, and said, "I felt virtue go out of me." Looked out in the crowd, and said, "You, your faith has made you whole." The blood issue had stopped, see. Now, that was Jesus Christ of yesterday. That's Jesus today. And He went through that bunch of people, which was crippled, and blind, and halt, and withered, went right through them, and found a man laying on a pallet. And He said, "Will thou be made whole?" Watch. Jesus said... He knew he had been there, and knew he had been in that condition for so many years. When they found him packing his bed, they got Jesus and questioned Him. Sure, He'd be questioned. He'd be questioned in Macon, tonight.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:10 The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.

John 5:16 And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**63** Here not long ago, a woman that stays with us down there---Sister Woods, I believe it was---said that someone went out here and went into a store and asked the people would they come to the meeting. The fellow said, "I don't believe no such nonsense." Said, "If the man could do that, why don't he go down here to the hospital and raise all the sick?", see. Now, it just goes to show that it's a mental deficiency, that's all. Well, the man even knows the Bible; Jesus Christ didn't even do that. He didn't claim to do that. He passed right by worse than a hospital. About four or five thousand people laying at the pool of Bethsaida, just crippled, and lame, and halt and blind, and walked right through and never healed a one of them. Walked out there to a little man laying on a pallet, and knew he was laying there, and made him well and walked away. And the Jews questioned Him. Now, listen what He said. Saint John 5:19. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you" (That word verily means "absolutely.") ... " Absolutely, absolutely, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in Himself, but what he sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise." "The Father shows Me what to do, and I go do it. The Father worketh, and I worketh hitherto," see. "I don't do nothing in Myself. I do just as He tells Me to do." Now, that is the Word of God. How many has ever read that, say, "Amen." Saint John 5:19. Then, Jesus, when He was here on earth, He could perceive the thoughts of the people. He done just... The Father'd show Him a vision, He'd go do it. Just as the Father told Him, but didn't do nothing except the Father told Him. He can't lie. He was God. He said, "I do nothing except the Father shows Me."

```
John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**64** Now, look. He went to a woman at the well. He found her. Talked to her for a while, and then He found out what her trouble was. Told her right where her trouble was. And she looked at Him and she said, "Now, wait a minute. Thou must be a prophet." Said, "I know that Messiah, when He comes, He'll do these things; but who are You?" He said, "I am He that speaks to you." That was the sign of the Messiah. When Philip come to Him and got saved and went over and found Nathanael, brought him back. And he come up in the congregation, Jesus looked over to him, said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there's no guile." He said, "When did you know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." He said, "Thou art the Son of God. Thou art the King of Israel." Now look. When Jesus left the earth, here's what He said: "These things that I do shall you do also. Even more than this shall you do." Greater, which really is "more." He couldn't do anything greater. But you could do more of it. "More than this shall you do, for I go unto My Father." He said, "A little while and the world," that's the unbeliever, "will see Me no more. That'll be finished for the world when I leave here, in this physical form. I'll be gone, and that's all they'll ever see Me. But yet, ye, ye shall see Me." Now watch what He promised. He said, "I'll be with you, even to the end of the world."

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**65** Now, who is the "ye"? Who is the unbeliever? There's unbelievers in every generation. And there's "ye's" in every generation. "Yet ye shall see Me." He promised to return into His church and do the same things that He did when He was here on earth. And the Bible said that He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And hasn't He done all things well, this week? Has He? The blind, seeing. The cripples walked. The spastics raised up. Sin has been rebuked. The visions has come. Everything has been said has been perfect, just exactly. Is that right? Sinners has been saved. People received the Holy Spirit, been born again, bore witness of the Spirit, signs and wonders has happened everywhere. What is it? It's Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Not with just Brother Branham; with His church, everywhere. You're just as much into it, or more into it, than I am. This just happens to be a gift. That don't mean it makes me any more than you---probably not as much, see. The resurrection would come tonight, you old-timers that's fought to win the prize and sail through bloody seas, would go before me, and you deserve to go. I'm just following the road that you paved, that's all. It's just a gift. God sent it and placed it; I had nothing to with it coming. I was born that way, and it's just a gift to glorify Jesus Christ ... or, not glorify, but to magnify Him, bring Him out, let the people see that He's here. God does that through preaching the Word, through signs and wonders. He's the same Lord Jesus. Do you believe it?

```
John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**66** Now look. One more little thought. When Jesus was crucified and was buried, the disciples thought, Well, that's it! That's all we'll ever see of Him. I want you to watch just a few moments. There was two of them, who was on the road to Emmaus one morning, going over to Emmaus. Some of them went fishing. Oh, they were discouraged. Going along talking along the road, saying, "Well, here we go back home again, take up our old tasks, going over to Emmaus," Cleopas and his friend, as they walked along the road. And while they were communing, behold, Jesus stepped out of the bushes, just an ordinary Man, and begin to talk to them. And they didn't know it.

```
Luke 24:13 And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.

Luke 24:14 And they talked together of all these things which had happened.

Luke 24:15 And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.

Luke 24:16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.

```
**67** Now, listen closely. Brother, sister, there's many one of you that Jesus has talked to you and you didn't realize it. He's here with us. He's alive. He comes to you every night there and say, "It's you I'm talking to. You can be made whole. Just accept it, and confess it, and see what happens," see. That's Him talking to you. He talked to them all day. And He said, "Why are you so sad and worried?" Beautiful Easter morning, Jesus alive in the world from the resurrection, first man to raise from the dead. First fruits of them that slept. So then, walking along and they didn't know it. And they went along, said, "Well, are You just a stranger? Well," said, "know Jesus of Nazareth?" And then He begin with the Scriptures and explained just exactly what Jesus was supposed to do when He come. And when He went to a little house, the little place where the Sabbath day's journey, they started to go into the inn; so, He made out like He was going on by. He does that a lot of times. He might've made out like He was going to pass you by tonight, sonny. This little girl here, this little girl sitting here in the wheelchair. Or you over here. Or you down here. He might have made out like He was going to pass you by. He just wants to see what you're going to say about it. So, He acted like He would go by. And they constrained Him. Said, "Come in and abide with us." You do the same now. "Come in and abide with us." So, He come in. As soon as He sat down, the waiter come out, and they brought the bread. And Jesus did something just a little different. And their eyes were opened and they recognized Him. And He vanished out of their sight, was gone, just like that. They couldn't find Him anywhere.

```
Luke 24:17 And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?

Luke 24:18 And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?

Luke 24:19 And he said unto them, What things? And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:

Luke 24:27 And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.

Luke 24:28 And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.

Luke 24:29 But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.

Luke 24:30 And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them.

Luke 24:31 And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.

```
**68** Now, I pray that Jesus of Nazareth, that same resurrected Lord Jesus, will come here tonight, and do something a little different than what it really is in a regular service. You now ... like going out and having an evangelistic service. I pray that He'll do something like He did when He was here on earth. When He was here in a body form, He did something there, to them disciples; they said, "Well, Jesus did that like that. Well, that must be Him." And [Brother Branham snaps his fingers.] He was gone. I hope that He comes tonight and does the same thing here before us, that you'll say, "It's Jesus raised from the dead." Shall we pray. Heavenly Father, now let Thy blessings rest upon the people. As Thy great Spirit begins to move and I feel it settling on this platform now. I pray that the exceeding abundantly will be done this night. Grant it, Lord. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Everybody be reverent. Believe on the Lord with all your heart, and with all your soul, with all your mind. Now what [Gap in the audio.] a prayer. Pray for me now; will you do it? And when I'm way over in the foreign countries, and the witch doctors are trying to me, as they usually do and everything, can I depend on people in Georgia to be praying for me? God bless you. And you pray for me. And listen, that I might make this statement. I have never seen it challenged yet, but what Almighty God come in and tore up the place [unclear words] . There's never been a time where anything ever challenged but what God always come in to vindicate it to be truth. That's right. Every time. So, you don't have to worry. Just believe the Lord Jesus and walk on; see what happens.

**69** Now, in the prayer line, let's line up a few of them down here. Who has prayer card... What was it? S? Who has S, number, let's say, number 1, who has S number 1? Raise up your hand. Someone with S number 1? All right, lady. You come here. Number 2. Anybody got number 2, raise up your hand, prayer card number 2. Anywhere? Did you raise your hand over there, lady? Somebody with S number 2; you have it, lady? All right. Number 3? Raise your hand up so I... That's right, number 3. Number 4? See, I have to get them coming slow, 'cause if you don't... Let the lady out, over there, if you will. All right, prayer card number 4. Did I see it? Raise up your hand. Number 5, will you raise up your hand? Prayer card S number 5, all right. Number 6, will you raise up your hand? Number 6, all right. Number 7, will you raise up your hand? Lady back here. Number 8, will you raise up your hand? Prayer card S 8, will you raise your hand up, 8? You mean that it's not in? Look, some of you, one of the... Come here, Brother Woods, look along here, along here, some of these people might not even be able to raise their hand. And I seen some prayer cards laying along here. Brother Toms, if you'll start from there.

**70** Number 8, prayer card S number 8. Was that her? Is that the lady? That's two. All right. Number 8, it may be somebody deaf. Look at your neighbor's card. It may be somebody deaf, and they'll miss their place. Prayer card S number 8. 8? Can I see if someone pointed their finger, but I don't see no one with your hand up, 8, number 8. [Gap in the audio.] Thy blessings rest upon the people. May the great One, You see all things, and You cover all space, fill all time, omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, the great I Am, You'll always be, You're the Lover of our souls, the Healer of our bodies, the Saviour of our being. And I pray that You will now come and anoint these handkerchiefs with Thy great blessings. And when they're laid upon the sick and the afflicted, may every one of them be healed. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**71** Now, I want to ask you now, as we come: First, in the prayer line out there, am I a stranger to all of you out that way? If I am, raise your hands. Everyone in the prayer line that I'm a stranger to, everyone in the audience that I'm a stranger to, don't know you, raise your hand. Then you see, the only one that I know in the audience to know of, is my associate here, Mr. Wood, and these boys sitting right down here, and this preacher; I can't think of his name, but, [Someone says, "Palmer."] Palmer, Brother Palmer. And that's about all that I know, in the meeting. Well, how many out there doesn't have a prayer card, and you believe that Jesus will heal you, and you want Him to remember you tonight, raise your hands. Now, remember, He knows every one of you. He knows your heart. Now, I pray that He will grant it to each and every one of you. May His loving blessed presence ever be with you is my prayer. I just wish I could explain this to the audience. If I only could, friends. What a difference from that joy of preaching, hearing the Word. Now, it's settling down, like Something standing here near me. It's like real reverent feeling. It's Him, His presence, His being. Just have faith.

**72** You remember old, blind Bartimaeus sitting at the gate? His faith stopped Jesus when He was on His road to Calvary. Just think! An old blind beggar stopped the Lord Jesus Christ right in His road, and His mind set on Calvary, going up to be crucified. And the people making fun of Him, and screaming at Him, and hissing at Him. But that old blind beggar, standing over there, his faith stopped Jesus right in the road. And he received his sight. You can receive what you ask for if you'll just believe. All right. All lined up! Paul, everything okay? All right. Have faith. Now, this lady here... Now it happens to be, tonight, audience, that you know I'm stalling for something---that's exactly right---'cause until that anointing comes, it's just like that microphone. It can't talk itself; it has got to have something alive to talk in it. That's all. And I don't know what to say. I just have to stand here till He comes. And I'm waiting for Him.

```
Mark 10:46 And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.

Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Mark 10:50 And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.

Mark 10:51 And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

```
**73** Let's sing real slowly, just once, will you altogether, "Only Believe" now. Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe. Now, in the Name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit here under my control for the glory of God.

**74** Now, this lady standing here, to me is a total stranger; I've never seen her in my life. Perhaps she's never seen me as I know of. We are strange to each other, but you just seen me since I've come here, just seen me from the audience. Well now, I want you, lady, as I speak to you, just knowing that it's... Our Lord... Let's take this little story again; usually it works wonderful. Our Lord was going down to Jericho one day and He said He must need go up to Samaria. I wonder why. I think the Father told Him to go up there. He sent His disciples away, and He said to His disciples to go in the city and buy something to eat. So while they were gone away, a lady come out to the well to get some water. Jesus said, "Bring Me a drink." It's a man and a woman talking. And she said, "The well is deep and you have nothing to draw with, and it's not customary for Jews to ask Samaritans any such things as that, any favors, because we don't have any association together." And He said, "But if you knew Who you were talking to you'd ask Me for a drink." He went on carrying the conversation. Now, I think... Now, I couldn't prove it by the Scripture; but the way that He works now, and then, it must be that this is what He was doing; He was trying to contact her spirit. The Father told Him to go up there just like He told me to come to Macon. See?

**75** Well now, and here we are met. Well, then He had to contact her spirit to find out what the Father would say. So He talked to her a little while, directly, He found where her trouble was, and it was in a marriage condition. He said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." He said, "That's right; you got five." Then she turned and said, "Well, I perceive that You're a prophet." She said, "Now, I know when the Messiah cometh... (which was Christ)," said, "He will do this." See, that's the sign of the Messiah. Said, "He will do this." He said, "I'm He that speaks to you." And upon that she run into the city and she said, "Come, see a Man that told me everything I ever done." Now, He didn't do that; she was just excited. See? He never told... But He could have done it if the Father would've showed Him, but He just only told her one thing: that was where her trouble was. And she believed Him to be the Messiah.

**76** Now, if He's raised from the dead as we believe He has, the Scripture says He has, and the Scriptures cannot be broken... And He claimed that He'd be in every generation, declaring Himself to the end of the world, doing the same things that He did when He was here on earth. Then here we stand tonight, you and I, as man and woman again. And you're a Christian, I see your spirit is welcome when you first walked up, that you're a Christian. And now, if the Holy Spirit of God will come here and tell me what you want, regardless of what it is, what you're here for, or something about you, well, you'll know whether it's the truth or not. Then if He knows what has been, and you know whether that's truth or not, then He surely knows what will be. Is that right? It surely would be. Then if He would let me know what it was... And now I've got a great long prayer line. I don't wish to talk too much to people, 'cause I want to get them all through and some more if I can. So if I can just find something, one thing, it'll be all right. Will the rest of the audience accept Jesus as being resurrected if He will do this?

**77** All right just look this a way just a moment till the Spirit of the Lord begins to move between us. Yes, sir. Now, this lady here has been frightened about something. She's a... She's afraid of cancer. Her trouble is in the colon, down in the bowel. That's true. And you've been scared that it was going to be cancer, haven't you? That's right. Now, just watch this way now. Just be reverent, watch me just a minute. I want to help you. The vision broke from you then. Now just stand... Don't, don't be nervous. He--He's not going to... He's not to hurt you, it's to help you. See? Now, I forget just what it was He was saying. Now, just a minute, maybe He will do something else that... Here, I--I see you coming from somewhere. You--you're kindly stiff a little bit tonight. You--you had a fall. You had a fall that was this morning off of a step near a church house. Is that... That's right, isn't it? Now, don't fear about cancer. Go on, you're going to be well. Your faith makes you well; Jesus Christ healed you in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Let's say, "Praise be to God." From death unto life... When the woman come up, there was a black spirit hanging over her. It's gone now (See?), if she'll just keep on the way she is, she'll get well. No matter what it is she'll get well.

**78** All right. Are... this... You the patient, lady? Come here. Now, have faith, believe. We're strangers to each other, I suppose. We don't know one another, just perfect strangers. Now, when the vision strikes, and He goes to talking, then don't you say nothing. You just listen to what He's saying. Then you know whether it's to be true or not. Are you believing? Just have faith. Our Lord is wonderful; He never fails. Now, this lady here as I speak with her, she's... You're suffering with the veins, like varicose veins in your legs. Yes, ma'am. Then you also have arthritis. I see you can't hardly get up of a morning, and moving around is kindly hard for you at times. That is true. And now, that you might know that I am God's servant, you have a husband and he's blind. That's true, isn't it? Our heavenly Father, may the blessings of God rest upon her, I pray, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, rejoicing now and thanking the Lord Jesus. Go right this way if you will to the man there. All right. Have faith, don't doubt. Believe with all your heart and you shall have what you've asked for. Now, be reverent.

**79** Now, I guess the lady... We're strange to each other. The Lord Jesus knows both of us. I don't know you, and you perhaps don't know me. But you're here for some cause, and God knows about it. And you're facing an operation, because it's in your stomach, and it's a tumor in the stomach. That's what you was told. That's the truth isn't it? Uh-huh, that's right. And you have arthritis also. And you have eye troubles; your eyes are going getting dimmer all the time. What it is is a hardening of the nerve, dying in your eye. That's right. Do you believe Jesus is here to make you well? Come forward just a moment. Now look, I want to ask you something. He Who's here, Who knows you (and you know I don't know you)... But there's some kind of anointing here; you're conscious of it, aren't you? See? You--you know there's something going on. That's Him. See? And if He's that close, then He's speaking through me, and I, your brother, then according to His Word if they lay hands on the sick they shall recover, won't they? Then this I do in the Name of Jesus Christ, that the life of this woman be spared and she'll be made well in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, lady. Be just rejoicing.

**80** Come. Have faith. Are we strangers to each other, are we, lady? My, what a time. I just believe that this is going to be one of greatest nights you've ever seen in Macon. It's just such a wonderful solid mass of faith everywhere, just moving in one accord, can't hardly see the patients. You've got something wrong with your back. I see a crash or something: a automobile accident, you've been in a automobile accident and it hurt your--your back and it hurt your--your knee, and it--and it--it hurt your hip. And then, you've got high blood pressure which is resulted from that accident. Go, rejoicing, happy, thanking and praising God and being made whole through... See what the Holy Spirit done to that woman bound? I had nothing to do with it. Her faith did that. Amen. Just have faith, and you can receive what you ask for if you'll only believe. "If thou canst believe..." Don't condemn the lady. If you was free from a thing like that, you'd be hollering too. I know I would. Uh-uh-uhm.

**81** You suffer with a gallbladder condition, don't you? Lady, right there on the end of the row has got a gallbladder condition too, don't you, lady, sitting right here? You have a gallbladder condition. That's right. She has too; them two spirits, a streak of darkness come in between you. Amen. How wonderful. Now, if your faith... You see, it's that spirit there calling to that one there for help. You see? But the Christians are praying, and that's backing up. See? See? The battle is on. The world knows nothing about it, but it's in another realm where you're--we're watching. You believe with all your heart? By the way, you didn't come from this city did you? You come from Atlanta. Your name is Annie, Johnson's your name isn't it. Go on back and be well. You too, sister; Jesus Christ makes you... What do you think about it, setting there, sister with the migraine headaches? There, you believe that Jesus will make you well? You do? Your mother's setting there too, isn't she? She has arthritis, doesn't she? Isn't that right? Now, listen. You belong to the Church of Christ where they don't believe in these--these miracles and things, but you go back and tell them that it's true. Lay your hand over on your mother and be made well. Amen. In the Name of Jesus Christ I rebuke this spirit, and may it go and the person be well. Now, go tell God what great things He's done for you. Have faith.

**82** Come, lady. Do you believe? No, I wasn't reading her mind either. Uh-huh, don't... You quick thinking that. I wasn't. Remember, I get what you're thinking about. We're strangers to one another. I don't know you. God does know you. He can reveal to me what's your trouble. I couldn't heal you, but He'd do that through grace. After preaching the Word, you should believe it. But God's not willing that any should perish or be sick. God wants us to prosper in health, doesn't He? He wants you to be well. If He will tell me what's wrong with you, will you believe that He's here, it's Him instead of me? You will? You got a stomach trouble. That's right, isn't it? You can't eat greasy foods and things. You back away from the table. You got a husband too that's got diabetes. That's right. You don't come from this country. You come from South Carolina. You're in a party of six (Is that right?), three men, three women. Return back rejoicing and be well in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Does thou believe? All things are possible if thou can only believe. Have faith.

**83** We're strangers to each other, lady. Oh, my, how wonderful. Little lady, setting right back out there, you got trouble in your back, haven't you, setting right on the end of the seat there? You got a back trouble, haven't you? You're wearing a brace right now on your back beneath your clothes. Isn't that right? When you go home take it off; your faith healed you; Jesus Christ made you well. Oh, He's wonderful. Just believe; you can receive. You suffer with a head trouble, don't you, lady? And I see something about somebody. You've got a relative; it's a granddaughter, and she's got bursted veins in her head, and she's bleeding right now. Go home, Jesus Christ makes you well. Your faith heals you. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." And you was healed when you come up there just then. Jesus Christ makes you whole. Just go right on your road happy and rejoicing.

**84** Come, lady. You believe with all of your heart? I--I am not... Come up here, lady, so that somebody here will know that I'm not reading your mind. Lay your hand over on me this way just for a contact. I've never looked at you no more than I see you're a woman walking across the platform. I've never seen you. Not looking at your mind, don't even think about what's wrong with you. But do you believe me to be God's servant? You do? If God will reveal to me (as I look this way, not real looking at you, looking this way) what's wrong with you, will you raise your other hand if it's the truth? You have a tumor. See, I'm not reading her mind. It's gone from you now, lady. Just go on your road rejoicing and be healed. All right. Come... God bless you, sister. In the Name of the Lord Jesus may you be healed for God's glory. Go on your road rejoicing, saying, "Thank you, Lord." All right. Come, lady. You want to get over that stomach trouble. Go, eat your supper then and say, "Thank you, Lord," and be healed. God bless you... Let's say, "Praise be to God." That's right.

**85** Look. There's a cross on top of a mountain one time, where the precious Blood of God's Son come out of there; a transfusion by faith from that tonight would take all the diabetes away and make you well. Do you believe that? You accept it? Then may you receive it in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Go. Would you come, lady? Do you believe me to be His servant? You have a lady's trouble, female trouble, bothers you bad, abscessed; but Jesus Christ can make you well. Do you believe it? Then I ask for your healing. In the Name of Jesus Christ may you receive it, amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Amen. All right, come, lady. Have faith. Do you all believe? God be praised. Now, the lady standing here... Is this the patient? All right. Now, lady, I suppose we're strangers to each other, are we? We don't know one another. You've seen me one time. Well, I don't know you is what... No way for me to know you. But God knows you; He knows what you're here for. If God will reveal to me what you're here for, will you accept your healing?

**86** The old gentleman setting there with the white hair, beard, sir, you have a rupture, don't you? You believe God will make you well? God bless you. Have faith. I see a pull coming from him there from a... There's a man sitting behind him there with that little blue bow tie on. He also has a rupture. You believe? Yes, sir. You want to be made well? All right. You got habit you want to quit too, don't you? Yes, sir. Quit your smoking cigarettes then. Go on and serve the Lord; that'll be all of it. Amen. Praise be to the living God, Jehovah-jireh, Jehovah-rapha, the Great I AM, not the I was, I AM, the Everlasting, He that was dead and is alive again, the Root and Offspring of David, the Morning Star, the Rose of Sharon, the Lily of the Valley, the all lovely One, the all sufficient One, the all purpose One, the all powerful One. His blessings be raised forever and forever. Amen.

**87** Excuse me. Look, you're the patient. I'm... I don't know. Sister, I... I--I don't know you. God knows you. But now, you standing there with your hand up and your eyes closed, but the Lord Jesus knows all about you. He... I... If I could heal you, I would, but I can't. I can't do it. But you're suffering with a female trouble; it's a lady's trouble. That's right. And you're also interested in another person. It's a little boy, kinda brown kinky hair, wearing glasses. And he's got a kidney trouble. And I see somebody standing by you. It's a brown... Oh, this is your wife, sir. Well, God bless you. Go on your road rejoicing in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Thanks be to God.

**88** You see the man's got a trumpet in his ear; let's bow our heads just a minute. I don't know; it's a deaf spirit on him. There may be other things; that I can't say. Let's bow our heads and no one look up 'till I--you hear my voice saying, "Look up," now, because this has to be driven out. So keep your heads bowed. And just wait here. Do you believe with all your heart? Our heavenly Father, in the Name of the Lord Jesus bless this man who I bless in Thy Name, and may this evil spirit that's trying to take his life, 'cause him to walk before vehicles somewhere and be killed--take another life before his time comes, prematurely... Satan, we adjure thee by the Living God, the Lord Jesus, leave the man. How long have you been that way. [The man answers, "Since I was in the service."--Ed.] Is that right? Can you hear me all right now? Can you hear me now? You're perfectly normal. Can you hear me now? You can hear me? Can you hear me now? I'm just whispering, just barely whispering. You love Him with all your heart. All right, you can raise your head. Look here, here's his trumpet. You hear me all right? Say, "Praise the Lord." There you are. Go on your way rejoicing and say, "Thanks be to God."

**89** All right. Come, lady. You want to get over that tumor? You believe God will heal you? Raise up your hand and say, "I accept Him with all my heart." In the Name of Jesus Christ I rebuke this devil that would take the woman's life. Come out of her in Jesus' Name, Amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." What if I told you that was healed setting there in a chair? Would you believe me? Well then, just go on to your road, happy and rejoicing and say, "Thanks be to God." Heart trouble kills more people than anything else, but Jesus saves. Do you believe that? You accept it for your heart now? Amen. Then in the Name of Jesus Christ may you be made well. Amen. All right, would you come, lady? Do you believe, lady, with--with all your heart, with all your mind? Believe that Jesus Christ makes you well right now? He does. I lay hands upon you in the Name of Jesus Christ the Son of God, and ask that you be made well. Amen.

**90** Sir, setting there with the prostate trouble, do you believe Jesus heals you and makes you well? You do? God bless you. Is your name Mr. French? Isn't it? You... Yes, sir. Is that right? B. French, is that right? Raise up to your feet. I heard your name called by an Angel of God. Your faith has healed you, sir. Go on your road rejoicing. Amen. Diabetes, God just heal that like anything else, couldn't He? In the Name of Jesus Christ I ask for your healing. Amen. Go, happy and rejoicing. The little lady that just left here just a few minutes ago before this lady, when you were standing in the prayer line, lady, you had a real odd feeling come over you when you first started the prayer line, isn't that right? This lady had the same thing, didn't you, lady, because you both had kidney trouble. You see? You was healed, and you were healed 'fore you even come up here, so you just go on your road rejoicing, saying... Amen...

**91** Believe on the Lord Jesus. 'Course, sir, I have... Wearing glasses, we know there'd be something wrong with your eyes. Maybe there's something else. You have arthritis. That's right. You get real stiff at times, don't you? And then, when you're trying to move, sometimes you move your foot sideways when you're setting down like that to step off of something. You won't have to do that no more. Your faith healed you. Go, in the Name of the Lord Jesus and be made well. Amen. Have faith. My, my, Christian friend, if you only knew, the Holy Spirit, just seems like, just settled over the building, over the place. You believe, lady? Would you do what I told you to? Now, being that you're standing here, all your life you've been nervous. You're not a nervous person that shakes, but you're a nervous person by thinking. You're always preplanning things, going ahead planning things ahead. Usually never happens that way. We call it crossing bridges before you get to them. In doing that, you formed a stomach trouble. That's right. It's a ulcer in your stomach. It's nervousness. Now, you quit being nervous. There's no need of being nervous; Jesus is with you. Now, go on your road, rejoicing, thanking God and praising Him, and you'll get completely well in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Have faith. You believing?

**92** How do you do, sir. We are strangers to each other, I suppose. We are... Never met one another and here are standing, one a white man, one a colored man: two different nations. But God knows that there's no middle wall between us and Christ. You are suffering with something wrong in you knees. That's right. You're not from here. You come from another city called Ford Valley, something like that, Ford Valley, Georgia. And you're a preacher, F. H. Henderson. Go on your road rejoicing, Mr. Henderson; Jesus Christ makes you whole. Is this...? Huh? Is this weak? Have faith. What about you down here in a wheelchairs? I notice my boy patting my side; I know there's something happening, but just look once more. Be faithful; have faith.

**93** This man here was praying awhile ago. I seen the Light holding over. It's about the child setting there in the wheelchair. Honey, you believe Brother Branham to be God's servant? You do? You want to be well? You believe God will raise you up out of that wheelchair? You're just a baby; you can't have faith for yourself. Dad, lay your hand over on her. Now, that devil that binds her... Satan, in Jesus' Name, turn the child loose. Raise up from there, honey. Come up out of the wheelchair. There you are. Push her wheelchair back. You're whole now, sweetheart. The old... trouble will leave you. The rest of you, rise to your feet everywhere. Do you want to be healed? I don't care what's wrong. Satan, you've lost the battle. You can't hold these people any longer. Come out of here. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I adjure thee to leave this group of people. Every one of them can be made well. Come out. Leave, in Jesus Christ's Name, may you go from this audience and everyone be made...
