---
Date: 1950-01-10
Title: Moses' Commission
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the City Auditorium in Houston, Texas, U.S.A
Duration: 51 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Moses' Commission



**1** It's a great privilege for me to be here tonight in Houston again. It's been some time since I've seen you, and there's been many great victories won, many sorrows is past. Still tonight I'm thankful that I'm still saved by the blood of Christ, the Son of God. So thankful that I'm here again tonight in Houston to minister one of my longest meetings. We have seventeen straight nights to be at Houston this time. That's the longest meeting I've ever held since our meetings has got into a larger calibers. I trust to God that it'll prove to be a great meeting. Many of the afflicted people, sick, suffering will be delivered during this period of time. And I trust also that many that are wayward, indifferent towards Christ will know Him as their personal Saviour during this time, and altogether that God will get glory out of all that's done or said.

**2** And I want you all tonight, while the meeting's just beginning... A very bad night, just a few people out. I want you to try to help me during this time. I don't get to meet the people during these meetings as I would like to, because that I use my time in prayer. I must be prepared for these things that comes on, such as the healing service. I come here to help. And I must... My help cometh from above, and I must stay in contact with God constantly, if I expect to help someone else. And as well as I would like to take each person and have a good private talk with each one of you, that's almost impossible in this service.

**3** But there is another time coming when I believe that we'll have all the time to spend with each other, that we desire to spend in a better land, where we won't have to be busy praying for the sick and the afflicted. There'll be none there. We'll be living door neighbors to Jesus. And there'll be no more sickness and suffering there. God, hasten the day when all this troubles will be over. And then we shall see Him face to face and know as we're known. That's what we strive for. That's what I'm striving for tonight, is to try to make that my home. And I went [unclear words] see how many that I can bring along with me. For it's just as real ... more real than we're here tonight.

**4** The meetings will continue here for quite a few nights. Then we have two empty spaces, two nights that we'll try to arrange some other auditorium. Then we go to the coliseum. We're expecting a great time. Everyone bring out your sick and afflicted. And come, bring the sinners. So many times when miracles are performed, or something is done, it changes people's hearts, their attitude towards Christ. Here recently I had a meeting, one of the largest conversion altar calls at one time I ever... Two thousand accepted Jesus at one time. Two thousand people came to Christ. And I trust I'll meet every one of them over in a--the other land.

**5** Now, the healing in the campaigns, you can have that as it is. And... So get one, especially you sick people in the line, I want you to read that little pamphlet, "He Ascended On High." If haven't the five cents, take it anyhow. And so we're not here for money. We're here to help you. That's our heart's. We're here to help you. Now, I can only speak of what I know is truth. Now, if I tell you the truth, you should believe me. And if I speak of myself, and say something that God has done, and God does not speak back of that, then that's wrong. But if I tell you something that God has done, and God comes down and testifies the same thing, then you ought to believe God. Isn't that right?

**6** Now, what I tell you tonight, I want each one of you to remember just what I tell you. And then, if those things doesn't happen just the way I say they are, then when the service is over, at the end of these seventeen days, you can go around town and say, "Brother Branham is a false prophet." But if God testifies back just exactly what I say is the truth, well then, you believe God if you don't believe me. Isn't that right? Then you can go around and say the Lord is right, the Lord has told us the truth. He sent us.

**7** Now, as far as the ... a gift to heal, there... Many people do not understand what "gifts" means. There's nobody can heal you but Christ. I don't care how much a gift you possess, Christ is the giver, see. And you're only healed through Christ. I wish to read just a little Scripture now and explain to you some of the operations of the gift. Then you'll know how to come. And then you'll... I'll tell you what we can do. How'd you like to do this, all of us? If you can just take this little group here, like maybe, probably eighteen hundred or two thousand people, something like that... If you could... If you could take this little group here tonight, and settle it down, and let everyone believe just exactly what I've told you to be the truth, there'll be a meeting that'll shake Houston. That's right. He will.

**8** Now, remember. If you can just take... Maybe there's some of it you do not understand. Frankly, friends, there's much of it that I do not understand. I just accept it. Don't never try to figure God out; you can't do it. God is not understood by knowledge; God is understood by faith. Is that right? What if Peter would've tried to figure out how deep that water was, and how impossible it was for him to walk on that water; he'd have never walked, see. But he just took Christ at His Word and walked on. Well, that's the way I did this. I just took Him at His Word, and there I went. And you just take Him at His Word tonight. And if you, maybe be a sinner and do not understand how to take God at His Word, then God sent me here. I want you to take my word for it, and see if it doesn't come to pass, that God will bless you.

**9** Now, can we bow our heads while we talk to our Maker, just for a moment. Our heavenly Father, we're thankful tonight with... And our hearts are made to rejoice in our--the--our salvation, because that Jesus, the Redeemer, has come and has blessed us. He came to the earth, the Messiah, a made after the manner of sinful flesh, and taken our sickness upon Him, and our iniquities; and He bore them to Calvary's cross, and then ascended on high sitting at the right-hand of the majesty tonight, making intercessions, become our High Priest, a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. And tonight, after all these hundred years is past, isms has rose, fanaticisms has come and gone, but yet the glorious power of the Son of God still rules and reigns in the hearts of thousands of His people. And now, I pray Thee, Lord, as we're entering into this great revival, that we believe is just on the threshold of it now here at Houston, that the glory of God will come down in our midst. And may every crippled, blind, afflicted, twisted, spastic, mental deficiency, all manners of diseases be healed here. May thousands of people come flocking around the altar, giving their hearts to Thee, the Holy Spirit be poured out. It'll just... Lord, may seventeen days not even start it. May it go on, and on, and on until Thy beloved Son appears in glory, and we may appear with Him, clothed in His righteousness, to look upon Him.

```
Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**10** Bless us, Father. Now, as Thy poor humble servant stands tonight to make this great proclaim here, or proclaim this great thing that Thou hast done... And may every listener here have faith. And may Your Spirit, Lord, that's performed these things, may He stand in this meeting tonight and verify everything that's said. And night after night... And may there be an old fashion revival here, that'll just shake this city and every church. May thousands be borned into the kingdom. Grant it, Father, for we ask it for the glory of God in the name of His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

**11** In Exodus the 23rd chapter, very familiar verse that I read usually in the starting of the revival, because that this is the ... this is... Deals something with the way God is dealing today, God speaking to His servant Moses and sending him. The 20th verse of the 23rd chapter, if you're taking it down, and read down to a portion of the 23rd verse. And behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee to the place which I have prepared. Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: my name is in him. But if thou will indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then will I be an enemy to thy enemies, an adversary to thy adversaries. For my Angel shall go before thee...

```
Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

Exodus 23:21 Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.

Exodus 23:22 But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries.

Exodus 23:23 For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.

```
**12** God speaking here to His servant, Moses... It was a time that--that the children of Israel got away from God, and got away from His precepts and so forth, and had become--gotten in trouble, and were down in Egypt in the Egyptian bondage. And there come a great need. As long as they were faring sumptuously and had need of nothing, why they went along all right. But when God's prophetic time come to pass, after He promised Abraham that his seed would sojourn in a strange land for four hundred years, and He would bring them out by a strong hand... Then when the hour of the time of the promise drew nigh, there rose up a Pharaoh who didn't know Joseph. No matter how impossible it seems that it will not be, when the time of the promise draws nigh, God will make things heap up to fit His prophetic promise. Do you believe that? He always does. He always... It's always that way.

**13** Who would've thought that those people, how they were respected, and almost worshipped because of Joseph, that young prince that was down there, that told the dream, and saved Egypt many times. In a space, short space like four hundred years they'd ever forgotten him, but when God's promise drew nigh, there rose up a Pharaoh who knew not Joseph, and he caused taskmasters to be put upon the people, and so forth. And they begin to be burdened, and they cried to God because of the reason of the taskmasters. And then during this time, after they begin to cry, well, God had a peculiar thing to happen.

**14** Now, it's to my humble belief, that gifts are not handed out with hands. Gifts are foreordained of God. Gifts and callings are without repentance. You can say things, and try and make these things act right, and believe right, and to work right; but they are not unless God Himself is behind it. It's not nothing you try to bluff. You can't bluff Satan. He won't be bluffed. You've got to know where you're standing. That's right. And gifts and callings are without repentance. They're borned into the world. God foresees things and knows His prophecy, what's coming to pass. And He starts something here to meet it up there. And when He seen that the time of the people's going to need this, He had a little boy borned a peculiar, odd birth, by the name of Moses. He was given the name of Moses from Pharaoh's daughter, because he was taken from the water, if you know your--the Bible, Sunday school story of it.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**15** And then when he became the age of forty years, God called him for His purpose. And he thought, surely, that the people of Israel would understand what he was sent for. But the people misunderstood Moses. Now, get this close, friends. The hardest thing that God has ever had to deal with His people, is to get one mortal to believe another. That's the hardest thing God ever has done, to get one mortal to believe... Well, they believed Jesus would been the Son... They couldn't believe He was the Son of God. They believed God. But He said Him being a man makes Himself equal with God. How could He, a poor peasant, how could He be? A man born in a manger, a background like He had, from a poor family, raised up, one garment on Him, and lived the way He did, not even a place to lay His head. The foxes has dens, and the birds of the air has nests, but the Son of man has no... How could that Man be the Son of God? How could He be what He claimed to be? But He was, wasn't He? He was.

```
Matthew 8:20 And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

Luke 9:58 And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

John 5:18 Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.

Philippians 2:6 Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:

```
**16** Now, they believe it. But it... It was too late for them now. Their destination is sealed away, those who rejected Him. And God sends those things that people might be simple and humble. And listen, friends; more simpler you can be, more God can deal with you. I'm not against education. Educations are all right. But people get so highly educated, till they think they know more about it than God does. And then they miss the goal. You've got to forget all you ever knowed in your own knowledge to know Christ. Well, you just come child-like and accept Him. That's all. That's the way you accept God. And more simple you can get, more humble, and get away from yourself, your own ideas, just take God's Word for what it's worth, and believe it. And it's by faith that these things are come, not what you can figure out. You'll never be able. There's never been a man on the world, no saint, nor no one has ever figured God out. You can't. So don't think that you can do something that they cannot do, because they--it can't Be. That's right. You just believe Him. That's what He wants you to do, not try to figure Him out.

**17** But when the time of the promise drew nigh, then God sent this Moses down there. And the people said, "Who made you a ruler over us? Why, you think you're someone great." That wasn't Moses' attitude. He was sent for a deliverer, knowing that the time was there. And he thought, surely, the people had been reading their Scriptures and things, and they would know that the time of the promise was near, or been reading the promise of Abraham, that the time was near at hand. And they failed to read... Can't... Does... (Am I standing too close to this mike? Does it rumble up back there in the... Back over in the balconies back there, can you hear me all right back there? If you can, raise your hand. I haven't got too much of a voice.)

```
Exodus 2:14 And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.

```
**18** But when the promise drew nigh, they thought, surely, that they would understand. But the people of God... Usually Satan works right in there with their understanding, and makes them dull of understanding. And there they miss God nine times out of ten. But God had His promise there. Now, then when Moses went down to deliver them, why, they refused him, rejected him. And it cost them forty years more suffering. Isn't that right? Forty years more suffering. Moses run to the backside of the desert, of course. And after while, was finally called again of God when the people begin to groaning and crying. And then this same Moses, that they rejected and accept Pharaoh yet as their leader, this same Moses, God sent back to them to be a leader and have jurisdiction over them.

**19** Now, look. The peculiar part of the sending of Moses is what I want to get to you. Moses was herding his father-in-law's sheep, Jethro, on the backside of the desert. And one day an Angel appeared to him in a burning bush. Now, an Angel came down to bring the message to Moses--and otherwise was to be his guide. Men are... They can't... You can't guide yourself. There's two ways: that's your way and God's way. And when you're in your way, you're out of God's way. And you have to forget your own way to find God's way. And man cannot lead himself. He was called a sheep. We're likened to sheep. If there's anybody around here knows anything about raising sheep, when a sheep gets lost, it's perfectly helpless. It'll just stand and bleat till it dies. That's all. It's helpless.

```
Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

```
**20** And we, without a leader, are helpless. And Christ is our leader. And God was Moses' leader, though He sent an Angel to lead him. "I send My Angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee to the place which I have promised." The Angel was to be his leader. The Angel performed the miracles. Moses never performed any miracle. The Angel of God in Moses performed the miracles. You see what I mean? The Angel of the Lord was with him. The Angel led them, performed the miracles. Now, God has always, by all men, through the Scriptures, through all ages, has ordained that angels should guide the people. There was Moses; there was Daniel, and oh, how many more could we say, all the way down.

```
Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

```
**21** Someone was speaking to me here not long ago. Said, "But Brother Branham..." [Brother Branham clears his throat.] Pardon me. Said, "Not after the Holy Ghost is come, no angels guide the church, or guides individuals. No, sir." Said, "It's the Holy Ghost that guides us." That's misunderstanding between Angel and the Holy Ghost. That is error. The Angel's led the church right on, and still leading the church. Correctly. How many would say that Philip had the Holy Ghost? Let's see your hands over the building. How many thinks Philip had the Holy Ghost? Philip, the apostle Philip? Surely, see. All right, he did, didn't he. Who was it spoke to him down there at Samaria and told him to go to the desert Gaza? An Angel. Did he have the Holy Ghost? Sure he did.

```
Acts 8:26 And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.

```
**22** How many says that Peter the apostle had the Holy Ghost, that preached the inauguration sermon for the church, the day of Pentecost? Well, when he was laying in prison up there, and who was it come in to the ... and touched him and brought him outside? The Angel. Is that right? How many says Saint Paul, the apostle had the Holy Ghost? Let's see your hands. When the ship was tossed about for fourteen days, and there's no hopes at all, and he come out there and shook his hands and hollering, and I guess, "Glory to God, be of a good cheer. The Angel of the Lord, whose servant I am, stood by me last night." Is that right? How many believes John the revelator had the Holy Ghost? The whole book of Revelations was showed to him by an Angel. Is that right?

```
Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**23** And they had the Holy Ghost, friends. The Angel... We're not a worship of angels. It's God sending His ministering Spirit in the church to minister to the people. There's no flesh can glory before God. If anybody could've gloried, it would've been Jesus. But He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works." Is that right? They said, "We believe God." He said, "If you believe God, believe also in Me." Now, when the Angel came to your servant here, He said, "If you'll get the people to believe you." Now, there's the hard thing. "If you'll get the people to believe you..." How many believes God? All of you, don't you. You believe Christ, you believe the Holy Ghost.

```
John 14:1 Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**24** Now, that's not the question tonight. I'm glad you do that. That makes you a Christian. But that is not what I'm trying to get to you now. I get to that when make my altar call. You must believe them first. If you're not in connection with them, you'll never know this. But as much as you believe in them, you still got to believe that I'm telling you the truth, and what I say is the truth. Jesus was the... He was... His hands was bound and tied to any miracle, or anything, any kind of a miracle, because the people did not believe Him. And the very people that believed God killed Him. Is that right? No matter how much they believed in God... They were very religious, orthodox. Very religious. And they believed God. But to believe Him, oh, no. Uh-uh. See? That was too much. Ma... A man? They couldn't believe no man. They could believe God.

**25** And tonight, so many people can believe God. Sure. You believe Christ, you believe the Holy Ghost, and so forth. But when a man comes to you and tells something, that's hard to believe. "I don't know whether I can believe you or not, friend." That's where it's at. See there? That's the reason God can't... That's the reason your pastor sometimes, when your pastor comes to you. The reason he can't help you, you've got to have faith in your pastor. You've got to believe that he's a man of God, sent of God to do these things for Him.

**26** Now, divine healing died out for a while here a few years ago; it just let down, as it happens through the age of the history. It's let down so often. And during that time, cancer broke out, sickness in the church. Oh, my. Eighty percent of the people are sick now. And the people... Medical science, I salute them. They do great things. They make medicine to sell. And... I said to sell. All right. It's all right for those who want to take it. It's all right for them. But look. But in the phase we got today, the best doctors we ever had. Do you believe that? We got the best hospitals we ever had. Have we? We got the best drugs we ever practiced with, haven't we? And we got more sickness than we ever had, haven't we? Because we got more unbelief that we ever had, haven't we? That's right. Exactly. Only God's the healer. That's right. And did you ever notice? Right in the days when we got all these fine drugs, and operation, and surgeons, and so forth; constantly they are building infirmaries for the incurable. Is that right? And there never was nothing that ever come before our Master, Jesus, but what He was more than a match for it. And no incurables to Him. All things are possible. Is that right? And He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right? Then nothing too incurable for Him.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**27** Now, when the people begin to cry out, "God, do this for us, do that for us. Send us deliverance, send us..." And thousands of His people dying yearly, cancer and so forth, then God heard their cries. And don't you think it's just as possible for God to send down deliverance for the sick people, as He did to bring the people out of their bondage back there in Egypt? Isn't He just as kindhearted to your cry, listen to your cry same as He is to theirs? He promised in the last days that He would have a church, that these signs would follow them. Isn't that right? Well, don't you think the last days are here? Isn't it time now for these things to happen? Why it's here; we got it. Amen. It's here. You'll see it.

**28** And Moses, of course, he didn't want to go. It was hard, because he wasn't a man, a good speaker, and he wasn't eloquent, and so forth; he had many things, slow of speech, and many... But God had ordained that man to do that job. It must be done. Now, He gave Moses... He said, "Them people won't believe me." He said... He gave him two signs then. He said, "You go perform this sign," of casting a serpent down--or the snake--or the rod down. He said, "If they won't believe that, then I'll give you another sign. And if they won't believe the first sign, they will believe the voice of the second sign." Now, he was given two signs that the people who rejected him might believe that he was sent of God to deliver the people. Is that right? How many believes that story's right, say, "Amen." That was true.

**29** Well, isn't He the same God tonight? Is them miracles impossible tonight? No, they're not. And they're just as possible as they was then. If God would deliver His people out of the bondage back there, from under the Egyptians, so can He deliver the people from under the bondage of sickness; because He died for that purpose. It's in the plan of redemption. You are redeemed. You're... When you get the baptism of the Holy Spirit, that's the earnest of your salvation. Is that right? In other words, it's a down payment. And if it'll make us feel like this on a down payment, what will it do when we get the full benefit of it? It'll be glorious, won't it? Well then, do you believe that you'll raise again and have an immortal body? How many believes that, in the resurrection, that you'll raise and have an immortal body? Divine healing is the down payment, or the earnest money of your immortal body. My! See what I mean? You've got to have... It's the evidence that you will have an immortal body. When you see a...

**30** You'll see come to this platform, little old crippled, twisted children. You'll see them stand here all misformed and out of shape. And you'll see it with your own eyes, see their hands and arms come straight and walk off the platform, normal children. You'll see people come here that's all kinds of conditions, and see them healed and leave the platform. What is that? That's the down payment; that's the earnest, to know that that person someday, if they stay under the blood of Christ, will receive a immortal body. Cancer-ridden, blind, deaf, and dumb... It's the earnest of our salvation.

**31** Now, in the calling of this time, the going out on this I ... to... I was borned of a very humble parent, a very humble home. I have no education at all, and I'm not... When I made that remark awhile ago about education, I wasn't trying to take crutches for my ignorance. But what I'm trying to say, that it doesn't take education to know God; it takes a submissive heart to know God. And I was raised poor. I was raised in an irreligious family. But from the very time that I was born, something happened, not of my goodness, not of my parent's goodness, but by the foreknowledge of God, see. He brought it. I don't know why. I guess to show that He can choose what He wished to, whether it come out of the Vatican City, or He could take it out of the rubbish heap and make it (See?), wherever it come from.

**32** Then on down through life... Many of you know the story. You've read it, of how It would appear in different forms. When I was a little boy, just about twelve years old, it made Its first... About seven years old, it made Its first visible appearance as a wind in a bush. And then on later, knowing nothing about religion... Only thing I knowed, somebody told me there was a God, and that's all I knew about it, on till I was a man. And then after being converted, and become united with Baptist church... And one day on May the seventh, while coming in... And I was a game warden in Indiana. By the way, on the street today, I met a man. He's maybe here in the auditorium now, a Mr. Price, from Corydon, Indiana. I used to stay at his house when I was patrolling through there. And he's probably in the building now. Little did I ever know that I'd meet him on the street in Houston. But he and his wife are here. They're vacationing through to Florida, and came by for the meeting.

**33** And there's something pulled at my heart all the time. But on that day, it made itself visibly known. It was a man of about six foot tall, weighing some two hundred pounds. When it came down, when it come... A few years before that, come down in the form of a light, hung over where I was at. It's come down many times in the form of a star, where thousands of people stood and looked at it. It's made its visible appearance right in the auditoriums and so forth. And different things has taken place. This time when He come, He was a Man. And He... I was scared. He walked towards me. He said, "Do not fear; I'm sent from the presence of God," said, "to tell you that your peculiar birth and peculiar life has been to indicate that you're taking a gift of divine healings to the people of the world." Then said... And said, "If you'll get them to believe you, and be sincere when you pray, there'll be nothing stand before your prayers." Well, I said, "I'm uneducated, Sir." He said, "I'll be with you." And said, "That you might know, it'll come to pass that you'll take people by the right hand in your left." And said, "You'll feel the results of it" (Now, I call it vibrations.) " upon your hand. You'll become familiar with that. And you'll tell people all of their diseases, and what they've got in their body. And then if you'll be..."

**34** Now, when I was in Texas the other time, that was in operation. Is that right? Any of you was in my meeting before, raise your hand if that was in operation? And if this... Now, you people raise your hands, all that was in my meeting, and know that was in operation. Not perfect, because I guessed at the diseases a whole lot, see, because I didn't know how it felt. I'd feel a funny feeling; sometimes female trouble and cancer. I couldn't detect it; it sounds so much alike, was--felt so much alike. "Do you see the visible results on my hand?" And so forth.

**35** And I told you people... Now, remember, I told you people. I said, "He told me, 'If you'll be sincere (see), then it will come to pass that you'll tell the people the very secrets of their hearts, and the things that they have done in their life that's wrong, and so forth, if you'll be sincere with what I give.'" Did I say that? How many remembers me saying that? Well, that has come to pass. It was standing at Calgary--or at the Regina, Saskatchewan, last--about three months ago. And I was standing on the platform talking like this to my audience. And we were having a great meeting. Some, I guess, close to ten thousand people were gathered in for that night at that pavilion, or the Queen Gardens it was, out where they have the stampede. And I was speaking and I said, "Now, the Lord has told me that if I be sincere, that someday (I did at each meeting), it would come to pass that the secrets of the people's heart would be told."

**36** I just give you this before we close. And I turned around to get a drink on the platform. And they was forming the prayer line. And when I turned around to get a drink, Reverend Mr. Baxter, my Canadian manager... I was taking a drink of water and he taken his handkerchief and just wiping the perspiration off my forehead. He said, "God bless you, Brother Branham." I said, "Thank you, Brother Baxter." And I turned around; he walked around; and there stood a lady standing by the microphone, or been brought up from the prayer line. And I walked over like that. As I looked at the lady, I said, "Howdy do." And she said, "Howdy do." Something happened. I knew there was something that happened somewhere. I never felt it like that before. It was that anointing. It doesn't feel like the Holy Spirit. It's a real sacred feeling.

**37** And I looked at that woman, and she was standing there a--her regular size. And I seen her get real little and start going back. Now, you'll hear that spoke right here. And I seen a little bitty girl, standing way down where she went down to a little bitty girl of about twelve years old. And I seen her setting by a desk. I said, "Something's happened, friends. I see a little girl." That woman left me. I said, "I see a little wo--a little girl. She's setting in the room, she--a school room. She's hitting her pencil. No, it's a pen. Oh," I said, "I--I see it fly; and it struck her in the eye." And the woman begin to screaming. It left off. She said, "Brother Branham, that was me. I'm blind in my right eye." And she said, "The pen se..." I said, "Well, I never had anything like that." I said, "Well, say..."

**38** And there she went back again. I seen a young lady about sixteen years old, and she was just a running just as hard as she could. And she had a big ribbon tied on her hair, on a double plait hanging on her back. She had on a checkered dress, and she was running real fast. And I looked, and there was a big yellow dog a chasing her. I said, "I see a young lady with a checkered dress..." Begin to tell just what I was seeing, looking in front of me. I said, "She goes up on the porch. I see a lady a take her in, run the..." She started screaming. She said, "That was me when I was going to school. Said, "I never thought of it before in my life." I said, "Something's happened here, friends. I don't know what's the matter." And I started. I said, "Let me have your hand, sister." I took her by the hand and started to... I said, "Well, I--I don't feel any vibration from it."

**39** And I was looking down at her hand, and I looked up again, and I seen a lady coming from a white house--or from a barn, red looking barn, coming in towards a white house. She had a apron, holding something like this. And she was walking slow. And I seen her come. I said, "I see a lady coming." I said, "Sister, it's you." That was the normal time then. I could recognize it being the same woman. And I said, "Now, I see the lady. You started up the steps." And I said, "There's a flower bed over to your right, and the steps goes up like this." I said, "There's something wrong with your back. I see you can't get up the steps." And I said, "You lean over sideways, and you're crying." And I heard her say, "If I can ever get to Brother Branham's meeting, it'll be over." Then when I said that, somebody caught the woman. She started fainting. Then when she come to, her blind eye was normal. Her back, she could just move any... She... Her arthritis was fine. She could move her back any way, just perfectly normal like that. And I said, "Well, something has happened."

**40** And then Brother Baxter grabbed the microphone, he said, "Brother Branham, that's just what you spoke of a while ago would come to pass." And everybody begin to screaming all over the building everywhere. And I heard crutches rattling. And I looked, and here come a young fellow. He said, "Brother Branham." Trying to hobble on his crutches. He said, "Tell me what to do." And I said, "Well, brother dear..." I said, "I..." And the ushers come and pulled him off the platform, because he's coming without a prayer card. And I said, "Just a minute." He said, "Well, Brother..." I said, "You go back and get you a prayer card, sonny boy." And just as he... He said, "Well, tell me what to do. Only thing I..." Just a crying, you know. And he said, "That's all I want you to tell me, just what to do." I said, "Well, I don't know what to tell you." I said, "Just a minute. Don't take him, ushers." I said, "You left Regina Beach this morning." I seen him standing by the side of a ca... I said, "You caught a bus. I seen up over the door, said, Regina Beach." I said, "I see a man and a woman refusing you to go. That's your father and mother." He said, "That's right." And I said, "And I see another man loaned you some money, which is ... looks like your father." Said, "It was my uncle." And I said, "I see you... You're... Now, I see you in a room, and it's got a bay window. And you're looking out to the side." Said, "That's my aunt setting right over there. I'm living in her room like that." Said, "What must I do, Brother Branham?" I said, "Do you believe with all your heart?" He said, "With all my heart." I said, "Stand on your feet, Jesus Christ has healed you." And down went his crutches, and both legs come straight, and down through the building he went, just a glorifying God.

**41** And from that, it started one after the other, and it never has ceased yet. That's right. That's true, friends. It will come to pass, if they won't hear the first, they will hear the second. Then a few nights after that, I was over at Windsor, Ontario. Had fourteen thousand at that meeting there. There was a man in the meeting who thought that that was just a bunch of make-up. He went and got a prayer card in one of the lines, pretending that he was sick and in need. And he went and wrote on the prayer card he had all kinds of diseases and so forth like that. And he come around and give it into the man, the prayer line manager. I never see the cards. They take the cards down there. He thought, "I'll just see what this is all about." Then when he come in and put that on a prayer card down, he come walking up. I said, "Good evening, sir." He said, "How do you do?" And I took a hold of his hand. There was no vibrations. I looked at him; I seen him and two men, standing in a room across a table making that up. I said, "Why would you purpose in your heart to try to deceive somebody?" I said, "God is apt to strike you dead right now."

**42** And he fell down on the floor and begin to screaming to the top of his voice. He said, "God, have mercy on me." I said, "Why would you do that, friend?" He said, "Brother Branham, I--I thought it was just make-up. I--I--I honestly... Is there forgiveness for me?" There was.

**43** Here a few nights ago saw a woman. People, when they come to the platform, ugly, vulgar things that they've done down in their life. Now, remember friends, those things are told publicly right here before this audience; what you've done in your life, is told right here. So if there's anything upon your heart, and you do not wish to be known, stay out of the prayer line if you don't want it to be known. Unless that you come with a perfect faith, or ask God to forgive you and put it under blood, in the sea of forgetfulness, and whatever it is. Because I will not be responsible for what is said ... what been brought out. Because if it's in your life, it's coming out.

**44** Now, just remember that, because God has promised it. It hasn't failed yet, and it will not fail here at Houston. That's right. God is still here, and He will answer. Now, what is that? You say, "Brother Branham, what does that mean?" And one time I was a little afraid to make statements. But here's what it is, friends. And I can give it to you. Those things, the diseases are told. That's perfect. Secrets of their heart. If they won't believe the first, I can't get them on that first one, then they will on the second one. It goes right back and begins to dig up their life and tell them.

**45** Now, what's that got to do? Now, give me your undivided attention a few minutes. Friend, that doesn't heal nobody. That only brings the person up in faith. And when that person's here, he might come tell me he's got faith, and I take his word for it. But when you're under the anointing, as it is right now, you can't come and deceive that, where I know when you've got faith or not. He might think he has faith. There's a thing that people thinks they got faith when they haven't got faith. Isn't that right? But when they're way down here, and saying they got faith, it isn't up here. It's like tuning in a string on an instrument. When it comes up and coincides with this up here, then the thing's ready. Any demon that's got that person bound has got to turn loose when that type of faith comes. And you don't have to be up here; it'll act right out there, wherever you are.

**46** Now, the only thing that is for you is to stimulate faith of the people, that they might see God's willingness to heal the people. Now, as far as it comes to healing, it's your faith in God. Your pastor can anoint you with oil at your own church. And you have faith in God; it'll bring the same results. That's right. God's the healer. No man's a healer; God's the Healer. These gifts are only to show what God's attitude towards the people, to get you people back to believe in God. Because if you haven't got faith enough to believe for your sick body, how you going to have faith enough for the rapture? See? The people's got...

**47** Jesus asked this question. "When I return to the earth, will I find faith?" There's got to be a great church full of faith. And God sent these things down to stimulate faith, to bring out faith, to prove what faith is. See what I mean? And those things... That's the way it can operate. Now... [Gap in the audio.] ... very highly elated when they give you their prayer card, and you know, the first night here. You're real happy, wasn't you. How'd I know that? That's right, sister. That's [unclear words] is happening [unclear words] coming up to this time [unclear words] . Now, but yet being my neighbor; you know those things are godly the truth. Is that right? That's right. Now, if you'll do this, if you'll solemnly believe now that [unclear words] . Which you know I'm telling you the truth. All right. Now, if you'll believe what I tell you to be the truth, and act upon the same, it's going to leave you and never return again. You believe that? I want you to be the happiest person in Texas while you're here. So when you get into Indiana, be the next to the happiest person there, because I'm going back there, and I'll be with you [unclear words] . Yes ma'am. [Gap in the audio.]

```
Luke 18:8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

```
**48** Now, for that same thing, the Mayo Brothers told me once there wasn't a earthly chance for me to ever be well. You see where I oh, my... [Gap in the audio.] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound it is. Now, just talking right now, It's beginning to let up after [unclear words] . See, it's right here, standing right... You stand there just a few just a few moments, you'll be healed anyhow, see. It's your faith that does the healing. It's coming on up. See? Now, you want to be happy, go away singing. Tomorrow, my, just be happy as they be. Now, you're going to feel the difference, and know it right here. And if you can feel that here in the presence of the gift, you can have it out there too, because He's the giver. Isn't that right? Amen.

**49** Now, folks, you that hear me. I was talking to the lady, because she's a neighbor there and so forth. And I was just asking in my heart that the Lord would show me something to her that just taken place. And I seen her when she got, when the brother handed her a prayer card, she just... Oh, my, she done like that, and I know then, and I told her that. And she was standing there in the room awhile ago, and looked over sideways, and she had a real weary feeling come over her. And she shut her eyes because the lights were looking gloomy to her. That's just what I told her. Is that the truth, sister? See, that builds her faith now, like some things that was done here a few weeks ago, down around home there. Well, they might think, "Well, somebody told him that." You see? But it's just so they would know right here. You understand, don't you, friends. Now, isn't the Lord wonderful?

**50** Now, friends, it doesn't take excitement; it takes true settled faith. God doesn't work under excitement, or screaming, or stomping, or running. You can't stomp the devil to make him go out. You've got to know right where you're standing and order him out. Isn't that right? The power of God (See?), that's what it is.

**51** Baal's prophets cut themselves and jumped upon the altars, screamed, "O Baal, O Baal. Like..." And Elijah said, "The Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that I'm Your servant." And fire begin to fall. Isn't that right? It's the authority of knowing, not guessing, but knowing. Now, if you'll just be reverent and watch. It might not seem very much to you. But friends, to these people that's getting healed, it's wonderful to them. That's right. And now, you just be reverent while I have prayer. For this little woman's come all the way down here, over a thousand miles down here for this healing.

```
1 Kings 18:26 And they took the bullock which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made.

1 Kings 18:28 And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them.

1 Kings 18:36 And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word.

1 Kings 18:37 Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again.

1 Kings 18:38 Then the fire of the LORD fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.

```
**52** Now, be reverent, Sister Roberson. Is that right, Roberson? And now, right now, you're going to be released from all your troubles, right now. Tomorrow, you're going to feel wonderful. And tonight, it's going to be a new time for you. You're going to be full of smiles and laughing when you go home. I see that before. And you're going to feel good. And then if it... I want you to stay that way the rest of... [Gap in the audio.] ... Always tries to tempt, but Thou art here in power over him. And I know tonight that standing right here, the Spirit of the Lord standing here is already begin to move in upon the woman, because she has faith. But she wanted to hear me ask You, and then she'd have faith from hereafter. As far as being healed, I know she's already healed. But she wants me hear it ... wants to hear me ask You, Father, and I thank You for that faith for a neighbor woman. And God, I pray that she'll always remain healed. And may the power of the enemy, never no more, bother her. May she be happy, she and her husband. May they live long happy lives full of service for You. Grant it, Lord. And now, I rebuke Satan, that he stays away from this woman, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen.

**53** God bless you, Sister Roberson. You may raise your head, audience. You feel different now? Feel dandy. Now, you're going to feel that way on and on. Now, if you can feel that way here, you feel that way out there, you can feel that way back in Jeffersonville. Amen. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." God bless you, Sister Roberson. Amen. God bless you. Let's give God a praise offering; say, "Amen." All right. Bring here...
