---
Date: 1953-09-03
Title: Expectancy
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 56 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Expectancy



**1** As we bow our heads just a moment. Our heavenly Father, we are sure that Thou does hear the prayer of faith. And while we're gathered here tonight, we're thanking Thee in advance for Thy blessings, thanking Thee for all that Thou has done for us, and looking forward tonight to Your great presence to be with us. Thank You for the message that You gave to our brother. And we pray that it'll be bedded deep into the hearts of people that are sick and needy, that they may be healed tonight, and the unsaved might be saved. And then stretch forth the hand of Thy holy child Jesus with signs and wonders, that the people might be encouraged in this great dark day that we're living. We ask this in Jesus' name. Amen. Be seated.

**2** I'm very happy to be here tonight to greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus, as His servant to serve you in the way of bringing the gospel by praying for the sick and working the harvest field in general. So happy to see many folks sitting around that as... I have met some of my friends from my home town. My wife and little girls with me tonight, and we're very happy for them to be here. Been watching the audience to find my mother, but I hardly think that she's in tonight. And I pray that God will bless all of you, and may this evening be well remembered because of His presence. That's what we want: His presence.

**3** Now, I wish to read just a portion of Scripture. And now, tomorrow night I have an announcement to make for Saturday night. We want Saturday night to be a meeting to answer a lot of requests. Not Scripturally speaking at what people's asked me, but something you've been wanting me to do for a long time, according to your letters. I'll try it, if God is willing, for this coming Saturday night. As you pray for me... Now, in the Scriptures... I would daresn't to try to add something to what our brother has already said. But walking to the platform... The reason that I do this, and especially tonight... Wife and them just dropped in a few moments ago. And then I was out having a little lunch awhile ago, and I met some friends and was talking to them, and...

**4** The way I want to talk just a little so that I know the Holy Spirit is present before we go to praying for the sick. I'm sure you'll bear with me a little while. It's hot in here tonight. But it is much better than it has been, and we thank the Lord for that. And I pray that the cool wave will come so we can just have a glorious time in closing of these services. Now, in the gospel according to Saint Luke, the second chapter, I want to read a portion of the 25th and 26th verses. And I think it goes on down quite a few verses here I wish to read. But beginning at the 25th verse. And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; ... the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ. And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought ... the child Jesus, to do for him as the custom of the law, Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, Lord, now, let ... thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word: For mine eyes have seen thy salvation, Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people; A light to ... the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel. And Joseph and his mother marveled at these things which were spoken unto them. And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; for a sign which shall be spoken against; (Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) and the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed. And there was one Anna, a prophetess, and that ... of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with a husband seven years from her virginity; And she was a widow of about threescore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day. ... she coming in at that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all ... that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.

```
Luke 2:25 And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.

Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

Luke 2:27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,

Luke 2:28 Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,

Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

Luke 2:30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

Luke 2:31 Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people;

Luke 2:32 A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.

Luke 2:33 And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him.

Luke 2:34 And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;

Luke 2:35 (Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed.

Luke 2:36 And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;

Luke 2:37 And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.

Luke 2:38 And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.

```
**5** May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of this Word. And seemingly it wouldn't be a very appropriate Scripture to read on a night of praying for the sick. But let's take just a thought just for a few moments. As I know, sitting here tonight, we're bound to be a mixed up audience of Methodists and Baptists and what more. But we're all in Christ Jesus, the One loving Holy Spirit, who brings us in. Now, some people comes to the meeting sincerely, some wants to look and curiosity... God called Moses to have a little curiosity one time to turn aside and see why a bush didn't burn down. He caught him. So maybe ... I hope the bush gets afire tonight, and someone looks and sees that God is in His burning bush.

**6** Let's take just a little subject for the next ten, fifteen minutes and say, on the word, "Expectancy." You know, usually you get what you expect to get. If you come to the meeting saying, "Well, I'm going down there just to see what I can see. I don't believe it in the first place." Well, the devil's going to show you something that you won't believe. You can just depend on that. But if you are coming expecting to get a blessing. God will see that you get it. It's just the attitude that you come in---if you're expecting. Now, I was reading here sometime ago in the Scripture, where David said, "The deep calleth to the deep." And the deep calling to the deep, there's bound to be a deep to respond to that call. As I've many times said, "Before there was a fin on a fish's back, there had to be a water first for him to swim in or it would have no fin." Brother Ryan, he wouldn't have any use for that fin. So he had to have a water there first, and that's the reason he had a fin. And the next thing we know, that... Well, let's see before there was a tree to grow in the earth, there had to be an earth first for it to grow in, or there wouldn't be any tree. Because if there wasn't any earth, there'd be no tree to grow in it.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**7** Sometime ago, I read a little article in a newspaper that said a little boy was eating erasers off of pencils; and he ate the rubber pedal off of a bicycle. So the doctors examined his body, and they come to find out, the little fellow was lacking something in his body, and that was sulfur. Now, see, there was something in here calling for sulfur. The little boy was taken out of the earth in the first place, where our bodies came from. Sulfur is found in the earth. We're made up ... a part of us is sulfur. That's one of the chemicals of the body. Well, that was lacking. There was no sulfur there. Well, as long as there's no sulfur there, there's something craving for sulfur. And if there is a crave for sulfur, there has to be a sulfur somewhere to cause that crave. See what I mean? There has to be a deep to respond to the deep that's calling. Get what I mean?

**8** David again speaking said, "As the hart thirsts for the water brook, so my soul thirsts after thee, O God." And I think of David as being a hunter. And knowing what a wounded deer is when the hounds is chasing him. The poor little fellow is jumping as hard as he can. He's bleeding. And a wounded deer, if he can get to water, he's got to be vitally wounded or he will live a long time. Now, the hart thirsting for the water brook, he's got to find the brook somewhere or he will die. The hounds are right behind him. And as soon as the hounds catches him, that finishes his life. If he can find a water brook, he'll drink a lot of water, and that will revive him again. And he can go for hours, and he'll make a circle, and come back across, and go by this water brook again, and drink, then make another circle, and come back to this water brook and drink. But if he can't find the water brook, he'll die just in a little bit. And that's the way when every soul gets so thirsting after God. You've either got to find God or die. Then you're going to be looking for God.

```
Psalm 42:1 To the chief Musician, Maschil, for the sons of Korah. As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.

```
**9** That's when you'll be expecting to get something from God. When the doctor looks at you and says, "Well, that's all of it. You got a cancer, and it's somewhere in a vital spot. There's no operation. You're dying. You got a few months to live." Then that soul'll go to thirsting. Then you'll go to looking. And that's the time you'll find the water brook too. Because the deep is calling to the deep. See what I mean? In other words, like this: Before there can be a creation in your heart, there has to be a Creator to create that creation. Is that right?

**10** So if there was nobody... If the Scriptures didn't teach divine healing... If the teacher... If the Scriptures did not teach it, and I could, in my soul, I could feel that there was divine healing---something in me said there was divine healing---I'd believe it anyhow. Look at the Indians when we first come here. Why, they were worshipping sun. They were worshipping totem poles and everything. There was something in them that knowed there was a Maker somewhere. All human beings knows somewhere... They've worshipped images and beasts and everything, but they know there's a Maker somewhere. What is it? They're thirsting for God. There's bound to be a truth and a God somewhere to respond to that thirst.

**11** Not long ago when the church begin to getting a little different, formal, and cold. Many of you Full Gospel people, you couldn't stand that. You started craving and thirsting after more of God. And if you're thirsting for more of God, there's got to be more of God to respond to that thirst, or you'd never have the thirst. That's the reason God poured out His Holy Spirit upon you, because you were thirsting for God. And if you'd thirst like that... Now, the deep calling to the deep. Now, it's like... As I have said some time ago, there was a people who... Electricity, for instance. Electricity has always been in the world. Since God made the world, there was electricity. The lightnings flashed and so forth. I guess since the antediluvian destruction anyhow. But it's always been in the world.

**12** But one time there was a man by the name of Benjamin Franklin that took a fishing string and put it on a kite and a key. The lightning struck the key and run down and hit in the bottle, and he stopped the bottle up. And he begin to scream, "I got it. I got it. I got it." He had it, but he didn't know what he had. And that's just about the way of many people who get saved and really don't know what that's all about. Now, that's as far as he ever went. Well now, there's...

**13** That's the same way it is with many church people today. They say, "God saved me from sin." Certainly. Well, the God that saved you from sin can give you happiness, and peace, and joy, and heal your body, and rapture you up into Glory. Why, He's just... The powers are in there to work. Thomas Edison believed that. And the people thought he was crazy. But he knew he was all right. But he said something in him told him that that current would follow a certain wire. And he tried tens of thousands of them. He would try one, throw it over to one side, try it again, throw it over. But thousands and thousands he tried and still no current. It didn't discourage him. He kept right on trying wires until he found one that the current would follow. Then when he did that, he give the world electricity.

**14** What was it? It was God going to light the world with His own electricity. It had been here all the time. It was here all the time. But they just didn't know how to harness it and make it work for you. Well now, the same Holy Spirit that fell on the day of Pentecost that's healed the sick back there, it's been here in the church all the time; but the thing of it is, you don't know how to make it work for you. Now, the thing that makes it work is faith to believe. And when you believe and take Him at His Word, that's the lifeline. And it cannot fail.

**15** Now, if you'd go in the morning and turn on your electric iron, some of you women, to start to iron. And the first thing you know, the iron doesn't come on. Well, you'll not go around and say, "There is no such a thing as electricity." Hunh-uh. No, you wouldn't do that. There's just something wrong; you got your wires crossed up. That's what's the matter with many people that say, "Well, I got prayed for. I didn't get healed. There's no such thing as divine healing." You just got your wires crossed up. Look at the others that's getting healed, see, see. There's something wrong with you, not with God, see.

**16** Now, I think in our text tonight was a very beautiful illustration here---in this next five minutes. Now, in my heart there has been something in my life that tells me that there is a healing somewhere. How many in here believe in divine healing? Let's see your hands. Now look, friends, you're not here just to be seen. There's something that told you there's divine healing. There's many sick people in here tonight. And as sure as you're searching for that, there's got to be a fountain open somewhere. There's got to be. As long as that deep is in your heart calling, there's got to be a deep to respond to it somewhere. There's got to be a fountain of healing somewhere.

**17** Now, let's turn to Simeon just for a few moments as we close. Reading of him in the days of the birth of Jesus. They didn't have the press like we got now. And they didn't have television, and telephones, and so forth. The only way they carried message was from lip to ear, and maybe a runner packed a letter. But the news didn't spread out too well. Well, there was three Magi had been watching for the star to appear. Balaam had prophesied there would be a... Those eastern Oriental people... He'd prophesied that there'd be a star rise out of Jacob. They'd watched for that for years, and they followed it and found Jesus. Some shepherds was herding sheep and the angels came and told them. They went to Bethlehem to find the scene. Eight days later... Well, we find Jesus in the temple. Now, there was an old man there at the temple by the name of Simeon, an old Hebrew sage, long white beard, perhaps in his eighties, long white hair. He was a just man. He was waiting for the consolation of Israel. I like that, don't you? God has never at any time left Himself without a witness. Somebody's going to witness God. God has always had a man that He could put His hand on, say, "That's My servant. I can tell him what to do and he will do it." Now, there was John the Baptist in those days, and Simeon, and many of them. But Simeon, being a man of great prestige, but yet the Holy Ghost revealed to him, that he wasn't going to die until he seen the Lord's Christ.

```
Luke 2:25 And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.

```
**18** Now, they'd been looking for Christ for four thousand years. And here was an old man, eighty years old... The coming of Christ was farther away than it ever looked, because Jerusalem... Well, the Jews was in captivity. The Roman Empire had captured them and they were governed by the Romans. And oh, such a turmoil of time, cold and indifferent in the spirit, and backslid, and broke away, and every... Just about as bad as it is now. And right in the midst of that time, this old priest and prophet raised up, going around, saying, "I'm not going to die until I see the Lord's Christ." Well, you imagine what some of the teachers thought. "Why, the old fellow has lost his mind. Well, that old man... Why, even David looked for Him and all the prophets looked for Him. And here he is nearly a hundred years old, ready to die right now, and yet he says he isn't going to die until he sees the Lord's Christ. Well, I believe he's ... I believe he's crazy." Said, "Simeon, why do you say that?" "The Holy Ghost has revealed it to me." That's right. That was his grounds. "The Holy Ghost has revealed it to me." Now, we look at him.

**19** Let's give a little drama here for a moment. I see it's on Monday morning. Let's say Monday morning or after the Sabbath, whatever it was. And eight days after His birth, His mother came to the temple to offer a sacrifice of purification. Usually a peasant offered a turtle dove; and a rich baby, they could offer a lamb. But Him being a peasant... Let's see it in the temple. Thousands of people have gathered on Monday morning, and the sacrifice was being offered. But over here on this line is a long string of women that... Oh, several million, three or four million people in Israel that time. So we imagine many babies was born within the space of every twenty-four hours. And so there'd be a line of mothers every day, lined up there to offer for purification, circumcision of the child.

**20** Let's drama just a moment, look down along the line here this morning. I see a little lady, a little girl, maybe not over eighteen years old. The first thing, she had a horrible name to begin with, because ... she was a little virgin to begin, of course. But she was to be a mother, and the people thought that this ... her just husband, that she was a pre-wed mother. Well, so they thought, My this is horrible. And here she was with a baby in her arm, not yet married, holding this baby in her arms, walking down along. Now, could you imagine the dignity of those Jewish people? Said, "Don't get near her." Just exactly like a little church today that's despised and rejected, because in their heart... Like Mary knew in her heart that was God's Son. And the people today can be laughed at, made fun of, or anything, as long as you know in your heart you're right with God, see.

**21** And she's holding this baby. I can imagine seeing He's wrapped in swaddling cloth, the King of Glory, wrapped in swaddling cloth. They tell me that's what they take off the back of a yoke of an ox, keep it from rubbing its shoulders. They take this cloth off, and there's nothing to put on around the baby, so they just wrapped Him up in this cloth. And here she stands with two little turtle doves as an offering. The people stand back, keeping their space from her, like she was something that was going to bother them.

**22** But the Holy Spirit was there at the temple that morning. I can see Simeon sitting back in a prayer room somewhere, reading the Scriptures, maybe like over in Isaiah: "All we like sheep have gone astray. The Lord has laid upon Him the iniquity of us all." Now, if God had promised Simeon, God's under obligation to bring Simeon to the place and to see the Person that He'd promised him he'd see. Is that right? Now, I can see Simeon sitting there reading. And all at once the Holy Spirit speaks to him. He jumps and says, "Yes, Lord." "Rise to your feet, Simeon." I can see Simeon start walking, don't know where he's going. He's moving out into the temple. Here he comes out the door, walks down along the side, comes down to where this bunch of mothers are standing, walks right down along the side of that bunch of mothers, till he comes to this little woman standing there with a veil over her face, holding her little baby in her arms like that, reached over, tears running down his cheeks like this and over his white beard, picked up the little baby, tears running down his cheeks, saying, "Now, Lord, let Thy servant depart in peace according to Thy Word: For my eyes have seen Your salvation."

```
Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

Luke 2:27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,

Luke 2:28 Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,

Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

```
**23** The same God that led Simeon, because he had a promise in his heart, that the Christ he would see before he died, that same Holy Spirit... There's not two Holy Spirits. There is only one Holy Spirit. And that same Holy Spirit, because something in Simeon's heart told him that he was going to see Christ before he died, that same Holy Spirit led you here tonight. There's no two Holy Spirits. One led you here tonight, because you believe in divine healing and He's led you to the fountain where it's open tonight, free for healing. That's right. The same Holy Spirit has led you in here. Oh, now, I think of it. And Simeon standing there, and the tears running down his cheeks, saying, "Lord, let thy servant depart in peace." The Holy Spirit moving him.

```
Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

```
**24** Way over in the corner somewhere was an old blind prophetess by the name of Anna. We're told she was blind. The Holy Ghost struck her, because she was looking for something too. And here comes that blind prophetess, moving through the crowd, coming up along that row, till she finds herself right in front of that baby, and lifts up her hands, and blessed God, and prophesied. Oh, my. The same Holy Ghost that could lead a blind woman down among those crowds to the promise, has led you here tonight where the gospel is being preached and the promise is poured out upon the people. And healing and salvation is flowing freely tonight under these canopies of the heavens tonight for whosoever will, let him come and believe. Amen.

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**25** How marvelous. Oh, God, lead us tonight. That's my prayer. Lead me like Simeon. If you're sick tonight, God has led you here. If you're a sinner tonight, God has led you here for salvation and healing of your body. May you, as Simeon of old, reach over, and pick Him up in your arms of faith, and embrace Him, and say, "Now, Lord, all doubt has left me; I know I will receive tonight what I ask for, for I embrace Your promise to my heart." Father, in the name of Thy Son Jesus, may the Holy Spirit come now and bring salvation of healing to many that are here sick and needy. May there not be a backslider but what will be brought back to the fold tonight. May there not be a sinner but what will be brought to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ. O God, grant these blessings we ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**26** The Lord bless you. Now, I believe Billy told me (he come over) B's, wasn't it? He give out B-1 to 50 last night, and 50 to a 100 tonight. Let's try to get them all. Whose got B-50? Prayer card B-50? Look, turn your little card over like this right quick now so we can... All right on this side it's got your name and address; over there it's got a letter and a number. B-50, whose got it? Prayer card B-50? Raise your hands up real high so I can see you. All right. B-51, 52, 53, on up to 60 stand first if you will. We will see now if we can get them. Sometimes if deaf people don't get it, we have to number them and watch them close, 'cause they won't take their place.

**27** All right. B-50 to 60 stand first and line up right over here. All right, if you will, a little music, sister. If you only... Let's play "Abide With Me," will you, if you will, sister, if you'd [unclear word] . All right. B-1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. All right, 60 to 70, B-60 to 70. Some of the ushers help Billy over there, if you will, please. B-60 to 70. Have you a prayer card, sonny, there? Just have faith. B-60 to 70. Thank you, Brother Wood. 60 to 70, 70 to 80, B-70 to 80. [Gap in the audio]

**28** All right. We will... While they're watching their cards and then they'll call me in a few minutes. Now, let's just do this, all with one accord now. Let's believe the Lord Jesus. Now, let's think just a moment while Brother Boze is bringing the woman. You can bring her over, won't you, Brother Boze? Let it be known to every man and woman here, that I cannot heal no one. There's not another man on earth, not no man on earth who can heal you, not even to a doctor. Did you know that? God does all the healing.

**29** Let me show you just a little simple thing while they're causing disturbance, see. Look, for inst... Now look this way and listen to me just a moment. What if I cut my hand tonight plumb to the bone in my hand. There isn't a medicine in the world could heal that knife cut, not a medicine. Of all of our fine things, there's nothing that will heal that knife cut. Oh, you say, "Brother Branham, they'd put penicillin in there." That wouldn't heal it. We put tincture Merthiolate, that won't heal it. There's nothing that'll heal it, 'cause we haven't got nothing that'll heal a knife cut. If we had anything would heal a knife cut, it would heal a knife cut in the back of that book; it'd heal a knife cut on this desk, or on my coat. It would heal a knife cut just the same, if it'd heal a knife cut.

**30** But you say, "Brother Branham, medicine wasn't made for your coat and that desk. Medicine was made to heal a human body." Well, for instance, I cut my hand, and I fall down dead, and you embalm my body with a fluid that would make me look natural for fifty years. You give me a shot of penicillin every day, sew that up, with the best doctors in the world to sew it up. Every day they put Merthiolate, and salve, and everything else on it. In fifty years from today, that cut will look just exactly like it did when it was cut. Is that right? Well, I thought you said medicine was to heal the human body. Oh, you say, "The life is gone out of me, Brother Branham." That's [unclear word] . That's different." Sure.

**31** Then if medicine is the healer, it doesn't need life. But medicine doesn't build tissues. Medicine only keeps clean while God builds tissues, see. God is the only One. Medicine... I have nothing against doctors and their work. That's God's mercy sent to us. But they can't heal. They don't claim to. They don't claim to heal. They only claim to assist nature. God does the healing, see. I might break my arm, and you'd lay me out there and put all them bones ... let the doctor put every bone (Now, listen how simple), put every bone to its place, and lay my arm right out like that, that's the only thing he can do: set it. If God doesn't heal it and I die laying there, in fifty years from today, if there's any of that bone left, it'd be broken every place just exactly like it was.

**32** God produces the calcium, the life that mends that bone back together. So God is the Healer. Is that right? I am not a healer. Jesus Christ was not a Healer. He did not claim to be a Healer. He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works." Is that right? No man can glory. Now, what did Jesus do? He was the King of kings. But as Jesus Himself, He was limited to what His Father would tell Him to do. Is that right? And how did the Father deal with Jesus? By visions. Is that right? That's how He deals with all the prophets: by vision.

```
John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**33** Now, look at Saint John 5:19. Saint John 5, Jesus passed through the pool of Bethesda, where all those crippled, and twisted, and withered people were laying. He passed by every one of them, full of love and compassion for them, yet passed right by them, healed a man laying on a pallet, had a retarded disease thirty-eight years. But Jesus knew he was there. And then, the Jews questioned Him. Why, He said... Now, listen. Here's His words: "Verily, verily (that's 'Absolutely, absolutely,'), I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself but what He sees the Father doing." (Is that right?) Whatever the Father doeth, He showeth the son. He will show you greater than the healing of this prostate trouble, or whatever it was there. He'll show you greater things than that, that you may marvel.

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**34** He said, "The Father worketh and I worketh hitherto." Is that right? See, then when He went away, He said, "Now, the things that I do, shall you do also (Is that right?), and even greater (because there'd be more of us, see; more places at one time), greater than this, for I go to My Father. Yet a little while, the world seeth Me no more, yet ye shall see Me. (Now, the world is the unbelievers.) Ye shall see Me (the believers), for I will be with you, even in you to the end of the age." Is that right? Here we are. Then if He's risen from the dead, He's stood in the midst of the people. He perceived their thoughts, told them what they were thinking about. "Why think ye in your hearts these things?" Is that right?

```
Matthew 9:4 And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?

John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

```
**35** He said just what the Father told Him that He would do. He told Philip when he came to the line to be... Philip come up, was criticizing ... or, Nathanael, rather. He said, "Could anything good come out of Nazareth?" He said, "You come, see." Philip did. And when he found Jesus, why He said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there is no guile." Now, if I'd say the same thing to this woman... Whether she is Christian or not, I know not. God does. But if I'd turned to her and say, "Well, behold, here's a Christian woman, a sincere, good believer." That would be the same thing. Why, she'd say to me, "How do you know I'm a Christian?" I'd say, "Well..." Now, Jesus said to Philip, "Before..." ... said to Nathanael, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree." He said, "Thou art the son of God." Didn't He?

```
John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**36** He talked to a woman at the well one day, just talking to her. After awhile He caught her spirit. He found out what was wrong with her. He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I have none." Said, "That's right. You got five. And he who you have now is not..." She said, "I perceive that You're a prophet. We know that Messiah's coming, and He will do these things when Messiah comes." He said, "I'm He who talks to you," see.

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

```
**37** Now, the things that you did... Now, if Jesus Christ has risen from the dead... Do you all believe that with one accord? Well, if He has risen from the dead, then He is under obligation to produce His life in His church. Is that right? That's what He said, that these signs shall follow them to the end of the world. Now, see then, He only does what the Father says. Now, may the good Lord of heaven bless us each.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**38** Now, I could heal no one. I could only do as God would show me what to do and what to say. To do this, it's a prophetic utterance of the Spirit that foresees what will be, what has been, and what is now. That's only by grace that God does that. Now, lady, I just want to talk to you. If you're pretty sick, you can lean right over here. That's all right. I suppose you and I are strangers, are we? We're strangers. Yes. I've never seen you in my life as far as I knew. You might've seen me, but I never seen you. But if we're strangers, well then, there'd have to be some way that we'd know something about each other. Is that right? God could reveal to you if He wanted to about me, or He could reveal to me about you.

**39** Now, if He's here, and is risen from the dead, and I'm declaring it... Now, a man can say anything he wants to. Well, if he wants to be truthful, or honest, or what... But that's up between him and God. But if God testifies that that man has told the truth, then God is testifying of His gifts according to the Scriptures. You believe that? You are a Christian. That's right. I was just... Something, I have a way of knowing it, you understand. And you're extremely nervous. You're suffering with a nervous condition. There's something wrong in your chest. Isn't that right? You've had an operation. But that operation was down in the lower parts of... It was a ... it was a female operation and ... appendicitis. They taken your appendix out. Is that true?

**40** Is that the truth? Only God... Say, another thing: You're not from this city. You're not from this nation. You're from Toronto, Canada ... or, somewhere up along in Canada there. Aren't you? That's right. Do you believe now? Come here. Almighty God, the Author of Life, and this poor sick woman. I pray You to be merciful to her now. And as I lay these my unworthy hands upon her, it's only in commemoration of Your Word, Lord, that I do this. And I ask that we take the initiative side just now. I in faith, she in faith, we come to meet You in prayer. And I say to the evil one that's bound her body, in the name of Jesus Christ come out of the woman and leave her. And may the God of heaven set her free. Amen.

**41** Now, sister, ever what He said was true. That part, whatever it was, that was right, wasn't it? Now, do you believe me if I'd say what the future would be? You'd have a right to believe. Is that right? Now, right now, of course you're nervous because it's been an upset and just along that time of life, what's making you be nervous like that. But you go on and be happy. Don't even pay any attention to it at all. Just give God praise, and you're going to get well. God bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**42** Everyone bow your head just a minute if you will. Lord Jesus, I ask in Thy name to bless this woman and heal her. May she go from here tonight, rejoicing, happy, praising You. For I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. May the enemy turn her loose. Amen. Now, sister, feel all right now? You're all right. God has healed you. Hear me all right? Just go on off the platform rejoicing. Hearing comes to you. All right. Come, sister.

**43** Do you believe that Jesus Christ the Son of God has risen from the dead, and stands somewhere in this building, the unseen Guest here tonight? But He's manifesting Himself to let the people know that He's here. Is that right? Well now, if He'd manifest Himself to you, then He would be able to tell you... He would know your mind, what you were thinking about. Is that right? Because He knowed their thoughts. Is that the truth? So then He could reveal to me what your trouble is. And if He would, would that be enough vindication for you to accept your healing? Now, you're going farther away from me all the time. But you're standing near a table. And you're refusing food. Yes, you have stomach trouble. Is that the truth? Go on now and eat. God bless you. Believe with all your heart and you shall have what you've asked for.

**44** How do you do? Do you believe with all your heart, soul, and mind? You believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is present to make you well? We're strangers to each other. Would you like to get over the heart trouble? May God heal you. You believe it? All right. Just go on believe that you will, and God be merciful. Let us say, "Praise be to God."

**45** Do you believe me with all your heart? Believe that God makes you well? Believe He will make... If I don't say one word, yet you're going to except your healing. Is that right? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman. May she go from here tonight rejoicing and happy, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go be happy, thanking God, and you'll get well. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." All right. Oh, everyone, just believe. What more... If nothing else was said tonight, Jesus Christ will...

**46** You two are together, aren't you, sitting there in the pink dresses? You're praying. You were asking God to let me see you. I did. And you're not from this city either. You're from a country where it gets real cold in the winter time. There's lots of geese comes over the country; I see them on lakes. There's a great building, I see, rising behind you. Why, it's Mayo's Clinic. You're from Rochester. Is that right? Is that the truth? You suffer with arthritis. You suffer with a weakness. Is that right? You don't have prayer cards, do you? Neither one of you have prayer cards? Well, you wouldn't be called up. You just go on home. Jesus Christ has healed you. Have faith in God. You're bound to know that a supernatural Being is in the building. And that's the Lord Jesus Christ in His power to make well.

**47** Sonny boy, do you believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is present now? Do you believe Brother Branham to be His humble servant? You do that? Would you like to get over that asthmatic condition? You believe God will make you well? Well, let me pray for you. Lord Jesus, heal this little boy. And may he go from here tonight and be made well. In Jesus' name I ask it. Amen. Now, go thanking God, sonny boy, and be made well.

**48** How do you do, sister? Now, look, you were sitting right there on the end of that seat awhile ago. And when I was speaking about Simeon coming into the temple, you let out a great big shout. Is that right? What you've been suffering with left you right then. Now, you go eat what you want to, because your stomach trouble left you sitting right there. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." You want to get over that heart trouble when you go home? You believe He will make you well? Then go home and be made well in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's say, "Praise be to God." God bless you. Do you believe that He'll make you well?

**49** In the name of Jesus Christ, may you go and be made well. Amen. All right. Let's say, "Thanks be to God!" The lady that just was shouting, when she was sitting there she was healed even before the meeting began. When before ... see. Now, she's going to be all right. Now, just have faith. Everyone in here can be made well at one time, if you just believe. The Holy Spirit struck the woman; she believed just what I was talking about, when I said, "The Holy Spirit is here tonight, and led you here for a purpose." And that's what God has done. Do you believe that?

**50** He's here for the entire audience, to bless each one of you, and to give you the desire of your hearts. You just have to believe. Have faith. God will bring it to pass. All right. Bring the lady. How do you do, sister? You believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is present to make well the needy? Do you believe all the evangelical doctrine of the Bible? You got several things wrong with you. Since a child, you've been a little nearsighted. When you was reading, your Bi... or, papers when you was a little girl, you'd hold them close to you. You always do that. Is that right? When you was at school, you did. You also suffer with cancer. That cancer is on the right breast. Is that right? And you're a stranger here. You come from Des Moines, Iowa. Is that right? Now, go back and get well in Jesus Christ's name. Oh, God. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**51** Are you believing, lady? My. You believe that He will make you well? Your eyes are going bad. That's getting worse all the time. You have a heart trouble. Now, Jesus Christ has made you whole. Go on off the platform. Go believing God, giving God praise. Come, bring the next one. How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? When I said heart trouble to that lady, you had a real funny feeling. All right. Go on. God bless you [unclear words] . Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**52** How do you do, sister? Do you believe with all your heart? You do. Now, you're a very nervous person. See, not in a nervous of shaking and jumping. But what you're nervous at, it's a mental nervousness, because you are a deep thinker. You're always thinking and taking other people's troubles. You cross bridges before you get to it. Isn't that right? That's the old expression. That's your nature, your make-up. What your trouble is, you got stomach trouble. And that's just exactly what caused it. It's ulcerated stomach, caused from a nervous condition. Causes souring, and belching, and everything (Is that right?), floaty feeling, and never ... smothering when you lay down, and think you have heart trouble sometimes. But it isn't heart trouble. It's just excess gas going up that tube to your heart. You believe you're healed? God bless you. Your faith [unclear words] . Let's say "Thanks be to God."

**53** Do you believe, lady, with all your heart? Would you like to be able to walk around again, get that old arthritis out of you? Go on off the platform, accepting Jesus Christ [unclear words] . Praise the Lord. How do you do, lady? You're worried about your eyes and what's going to happen to them. Jesus Christ is your sight. He is the Light of the world. Do you believe that? Go, receive your sight in the name of the Lord Jesus. Your sister, may she receive her healing in Jesus' name. God bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

```
John 8:12 Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.

John 9:5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

```
**54** You believe, sister? You'd like to get over that old stiffness too, wouldn't you, and be made well again? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll grant it to the woman in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go rejoicing saying, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." You was just healed, wasn't you? Thanks be to God. You believe your heart trouble has left you? Go home and be well. How do you do? Back's been bothering you a long time. Just go on off the platform and accept your healing in Jesus Christ's name. Have faith now. Believe. How do you do? Want to get over your eye condition? Just go accept Jesus Christ as your Healer; He will give you your sight. Now, have... Just believe God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind.

**55** Lady, you got a... There's your handkerchief in your hand there. You was praying, wasn't you? He heard it. You prayed before you come here. You asked for a condition, something wrong with one of your eyes. You've got a tumor behind the right eye. Is that right? You suffer with some kind of stiffness too. Isn't that right? All right. You can go home and get well now. In... You didn't have a card, did you? You didn't have a prayer card? No prayer card. All right. Go ahead. That's all right. All right. Come, lady. Oh, the Lord Jesus Christ is wonderful, His resurrection, His power. The Pharisees couldn't understand. What they could see... He knew their thoughts. He knew what they were doing. He only could know as the Father showed Him. And what the Father showed Him, they seen was perfect every time. So they couldn't understand that. And why was He getting the people healed? They said, "Well, He's Beelzebub. He casts out devils by the prince of the devils." And what did Jesus turn and say? "If Satan cast out Satan, his kingdom's divided." Satan can't cast out Satan. Certainly not. Only God can cast out Satan. How can a strong man enter another's house...?

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:26 And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 11:18 If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**56** Now, many times [unclear word] ... sometimes just speak one thing or something another wrong with the people. Maybe that's all there is wrong. Maybe there's others. But what the purpose is, is to try to get to see what all is going on with the people, to get you to believe. The main purpose that God is doing, is to try to get you to believe His Son, Christ Jesus, died and raised from the dead, and is living among you tonight, just the same as He was standing here visible, like you see me or some of these other people. If you can do that, oh, that settles it, see. These people... The reason... When that little shock comes, that they know we're strangers... I didn't know what they did when they were little girls and boys. And well, how do I know? But mark it, how it happened, see.

**57** What does it do? I don't know what their future will be. But watch what He says. Pick it up on a tape and see what He says about it. Then you'll... Watch just exactly what He says. That's just exactly what it'll be, just exactly. Go anywhere in the world where its ever been in the years and years (since a baby), and see if it's ever failed one time. There's dozens of people sitting here tonight... I don't say a dozen, but there's several sitting here tonight from Jeffersonville, from my home tabernacle. Many people has been through Jeffersonville, and ask the officials of the city, or anything you want to, and see if it ever failed one time. Jesus Christ cannot fail. Heavens and earth will pass away, but His Word can't pass away. Now, this is His Word initially and right. That's His Word. But if He would speak anything through me, it would be secondarily. But it would still be His Word. But if what He'd say through me, or any other man, or any other person, it would be secondarily. If it didn't compare with this Word here, it's not right. That's right. This is the foundation. So it's nothing mythical. It's just truth.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**58** You believe that, lady? My, lady, you really suffer, terrible condition. You have many things wrong with you: complications, just many things. The first thing, your eyes, one of them's about gone, the other one's cataracts. And you also ... you have a... The doctors just don't know what to do with you. Is that the truth? I see a doctor, a little short fellow, shake his head and walk away from you. You got a floating kidney. For one thing. You got a collapsed colon. Is that right? That's what He told you. Just a minute, I didn't get what He said. And you've got a dropped stomach, asthmatic, arthritis. Is that right? Well, Jesus Christ is here to make you well right now [unclear words] . You believe that? Lord God, I bless this woman in the name of Thy Son Jesus Christ, that the doctor can't do nothing: working on one they hurt the other, but, Lord, Thou can. Heal her in Jesus' name. May the Lord bless you, sister.

**59** All right. Come. Believe with all your heart? You have something that makes people fear. It's a nervousness, just that time of life. Jesus Christ make you whole. Go on, rejoicing, happy, saying, "Praise the Lord Jesus." How do you do, lady? Of course, a woman of your age would have many things. The worst thing, and what you want me to pray for you for, is arthritis. Isn't that right? Jesus, I pray that You'll heal her, Lord, and may she get up and walk off this platform, and go and live the rest of her days happy and healthy, in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, go [unclear words] . Go, say, "Thank you, Lord." That's right. Amen. All right.

**60** Now, you believe with all your heart? Believe that Christ will make you well? Lord God, bless this woman who I bless in Thy name. May she go from here tonight happy rejoicing and be made completely whole. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go on rejoicing, saying, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." All right. You believe, lady, as you come? You believe you were healed setting there? So do I. Amen. All right. Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Believe that Jesus Christ can heal you? If I don't say a thing about it... When you jumped then, your back trouble left you. So just go on [unclear words] . Are you a believer? Will you obey me as God's servant? If I will tell you what's wrong with you, then you know that God speaks. Is that right? You got arthritis. Is that right? Now, raise your hands up. Say "Thank you, Lord." Stomp your feet up and down. Say, "It's gone from me." Now, go off the platform rejoicing. For it's Christ that's healed you.

**61** Now, brother you had the same thing. Raise up your hands and say "Praise God, the arthritis is gone." That's right. Rejoicing. All right. Raise up your hands and say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus, for healing me." Lord Jesus, heal him I pray in Jesus' name. Let's say "Praise be to God." Amen [unclear words] . God, we pray. Oh, He's real if you'll just believe Him to be real. Is that right? Young man, I'm looking to you. If you'll just raise your faith... 'Course anyone sees what's wrong, see: your paralyzed condition. But my heart goes for you. I got a boy standing right down there in the prayer line, standing there giving out ... or, bringing the people up on the platform about your age. I want you to be healed, son. I can't heal you. I wished I could. If I could, I'd come right off the platform and do it. But if you'll just let your faith rise up to Jesus Christ there, you'd get up and walk away from that wheelchair, see. That's right. You believe it, mother? You believe with all your heart? Now, keep the faith. Don't try to push yourself. Just simply believe. And what He tells me, I'll tell you. Amen.

**62** How do you do, lady? Have faith in God. Believe that God is here. Little lady there from Charlotte, South Carolina, have faith in God. That sight will all clear up. You'll get all right. Just go on; believe Him. How do you do? You're the patient, are you? Excuse me. Sometimes visions upsets me, as just now. Been having headaches for a long time, haven't you, lady, about thirty years or more? Do you believe me that I'm telling the truth about Jesus Christ? You have something wrong with your ears also, and with your eyes. Is that right? Say, you're from out of town also. You come from Texas. Is that right? You believe that? The Spirit of God... And say, there's another thing: You've been ... you've been out of the country. You've been across the seas. You're a missionary, with your husband. Yes. You all had been somewhere where they ... I believe it's either Czechoslovakia or Germany, one. Is that right? Is that true? And weren't you a Baptist? That's right. Go on home. You're going to get well. In the Name of Jesus Christ [unclear words] .

**63** Need to get over that stomach trouble? Then go eat your supper in Jesus' name. You believe, lady? You want to get over that female condition? It's a abscess. Go, believe Jesus Christ will make you well. Let's say "Praise the Lord." Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe. Lady, do you believe with all your heart? You want get over that heart trouble? You accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus and be made well. Young lady, do you believe that your eyes will get well now as it is. Amen. Then go and receive your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. The little colored lady, sitting there, fanning; you don't have a prayer card do you, lady, sitting right here with the fan here? You don't have a prayer card. No. I seen something. Say, you've got a trouble in your side, haven't you? Isn't that right? He healed you just then, so you can [unclear words] you can be healed, see. Have faith in God.

**64** You believe with all your heart? That little lady sitting there with the handkerchief on her, she's got a leaking heart. Isn't that right, lady? All right, sir. You believe Jesus healed you just then when I spoke to you. All right. You can go home and get well too. Have faith in God. Awhile ago you had a great serious shock. You thought something happened to you. I believe that's when it happened. Amen. Believe with all your heart. God will make you well. Can't you believe that?

**65** You got intestinal trouble, sitting right back there, haven't you, lady?---the third one going in that row right there. Isn't that right? You was healed right then of a colitis condition. God made you well. Amen. Oh, it's all over the audience. Anybody can be healed. All right, are you the patient? You believe what you see to be the truth? With all your heart you accept it? You're suffering of a terrible nervousness, aren't you? Very nervous. You've had a lot of worry, haven't you? You're studying now about somebody. It must be a ... it's a brother. You've played with him, up... And he's a alcoholic, a drinker. Is that right? Go, and may God heal you and save his life.

**66** Are you ready to receive Jesus Christ? Do you believe with all your heart? If you believe with all your heart, obey me as God's prophet in His service. Stand up to your feet and say, "Jesus Christ, I believe You and accept You as my Healer right now." While I pray for these handkerchiefs. Lord Jesus, bless these, and I pray that You'll grant it, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. All right. Raise your hands to God. Raise your hearts to God. Believe with all your heart. Now, Christians, the Holy Spirit of God that fell on the day of Pentecost, is over you. His Spirit is here to heal you. Now, have faith in God, while I ask God to make the fear and doubt leave your mind. God is under obligation to do it.

**67** Lord Jesus, bless this people who I bless in Thy name. And now, may Satan, who has lost the victory tonight... He's defeated. He's exposed right here at the platform and out there in the audience, and he knows he's fighting a losing battle. So, Father, we come as Your servants to cast him out of everybody in here. Satan, come out of here in the name of Jesus Christ.
