---
Date: 1953-08-30
Title: Come and see
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 56 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Come and see



**1** All things are possible, Lord, I believe. I wonder if we could do this now, say, "Now, I believe." I won't believe after a while, I believe right now, tonight, Lord. This settles it. Now, I believe. Let's sing it slowly now. And lowly now, come on. Now, I believe, now, I believe, All things are possible, now, I believe; ................ I believe, All things are possible, now, I believe. Now, let's bow our heads while the music continues on, if you will just a moment now.

**2** Father, Thou has heard our pledge to Thee that we now believe, believe the true Gospel story. Jesus has risen from the dead, lives among the people. And all things are possible to them that will believe this. We can see You coming that morning, down off the mountain. Your hair blowing across Your neck. And there come a man with his boy, he said, "Lord, have mercy on my son for he's variously vexed with a devil. He throws him in the fire and in the water." As we would know it today as epilepsy. Said, "I brought him to the disciples and they couldn't cure him so I brought him to You." You said, "I can if you believe. For all things are possible to them that believe." He said, "Lord, I believe. Help Thou my unbelief." God, that's our cry tonight. Help Thou our unbelief. Strengthen us tonight. And may we go from here tonight and say, like those coming from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us because of His presence?" For we ask it in His name. Amen. You be seated if you will.

```
Matthew 17:15 Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is a lunatic, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.

Matthew 17:16 And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.

Mark 9:17 And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;

Mark 9:18 And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Mark 9:24 And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.

Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

```
**3** The Lord bless each one of you. I know it's very warm in here tonight. When I'm really hot, was coming up the street. Just one thing I want to say. I'm just wondering how that our lovely nation, America, is ever going to escape the wrath of God. While coming up the street, seeing ministers standing on the street along down through the places where wickedness was, preaching the Gospel as hard as they could. Half-nude women walking by, smoking cigarettes and carrying on. I wonder what God thinks about that? No one seemed to pay any attention to them. The men crying out with all their hearts. One here, and one there, and one over here. We're without an excuse. The Gospel's being preached. So we're without excuse.

**4** Glad to have you back again tonight, Brother Tommy. Brother Tommy ... last night I was seeing some pictures from overseas where he had been, in meeting. We were talking about how that ... said, when the good news come that a runner with a torch in his hand, running down the trail and through the little grass village, crying, "Jesus has risen from the dead." We here, we have our great big concrete troughs. When the power of God goes to fall, we explain it all away. And it goes off to one side. But not them, Brother Tommy. They've got their cups up ready. They want to receive it. They're hungering and thirsting for God.

**5** And the first sign of God's goodness to them, they just scream out for victory. And receive it right then. Thousands are saved. No way ... hard to make an altar call. You just ask, "How many wants to receive?", and every sinner will accept Christ, right then. Ready to be baptized. Ready to do anything you'd commission him to do. He's ready to go right then. How different it is in our country. God be merciful to us. I was talking to a brother recently, and he said, "Brother Branham, I believe you're just a little rude on that." Said, "God would not let our nation be bothered." Said, "It will always stand this way until Jesus comes. Call it land of the free and the home of the brave because of our forefathers, what they did." I said, "Brother Moore, blessings upon your heart, my brother. But God did not spare Israel. When they sinned, they reaped what they sowed." And we will do the same thing---reap as we sow.

**6** I want to read some of His blessed Word, then we'll go to prayer. Now, I want to say this: that I certainly appreciate you people gathering out. As I seen those ministers on the street and one of them ... or all ... I forget how many I counted. Going around through the street, just coming up, taking my time. How many ministers I seen, and the biggest crowd among them was about three, four people. No interest. And to see you come out and sit in a hot building like this, to hear the Gospel, I love you. Christian love. I have a respect for you that I can't express.

**7** Now, in St. John, the first chapter, and the 44th verse, I begin to read. Now Philip was of Bethsaida, a city of Andrew and Peter. Philip findeth Nathanael, and said unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip said unto him, Come and see. Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and said unto him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile! Nathanael said unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered ... him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou were under the ... tree, I saw thee. Nathanael answered and said unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel. Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shall see greater things than them. And he said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, from henceforth ye shall see the heavens open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.

```
John 1:44 Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.

John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 1:50 Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.

John 1:51 And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.

```
**8** If you will believe... Just be faithful with the little things, God will show you great things. Believe Him and God will do it. Now, may He bless you tonight, as we pray for the sick. I'll go right into the prayer line. I wish there was something more I could do to help you, but I can't. I'm just as helpless as any other man. I'm your brother. I'm not here tonight in the city of Chicago, not by choice but by leading of the Spirit. The very same Spirit that speaks here at nighttime, told me about six months ago that this would be this way, see. And just exactly where, all about it. And how the things would take place just as it's taken place.

**9** Then He tells me then to make ready for overseas. So I know it won't be long now. I don't see... There's no arrangements made nor nothing, but I'm going overseas anyhow, see. Because He said so, see. We're ready to go. Just at His bidding now, we will be leaving. Strange the other night, Brother Baxter and I have been talking, maybe, perhaps, going to India and just bypassing Africa because there's two or three groups over there. One of them is Afrikaans and the other one is a English speaking. Well, the Afrikaans thinks the English ... anyone speaks English... They've never got over the Boer War yet. And so they still have it at one another's neck.

**10** And one says, "Let us sponsor it, and let them help." And the other one said, "Let us sponsor it." They won't get together like they did the other time. Because we don't take finances. And we just ... offerings is taken up, we put into the treasury. And somehow they didn't think they split it up right. The one said there was more Afrikaans than there was this other group and so... There's just two groups of them down there. One's Full Gospel and the other one, Afrikaans. One thought one got the most or should have the most, because they had most people or... Now, they don't want to sponsor. I said, "Get your hearts together. I'll come set it up independent from either one of you and preach the Gospel." That's right.

**11** Now, let them both come. We want to have unity in God's people. They must have it, friends. We are brethren. We might differ one from another but we're still brothers. The brother next to me is tall, light-headed, heavy-set, big, chunky-built, pugilist-type boy. Bet my mother sitting out there is his mother. And my father is his father. He doesn't look like me, he doesn't talk like me. There is nothing about me that resembles him. Why, our habits is not alike, our ways are not alike, but still we are brethren. We are brethren. His father is my... If my family will accept him with all of his peculiarities, they accept me with mine. So that's makes us brothers. So if God has accepted me with my peculiar ways and you with yours, we are brothers and sisters in Christ Jesus. No matter where we go to church, the thing of it is, have we been filled with God's Spirit? That's right. That's the main thing. Believe Him.

**12** You wouldn't be sitting here tonight if you didn't believe in the supernatural. You wouldn't sit there with them little fans and fan like that just for curiosity. You've come here for a purpose. That's to know more about God. And I pray that God will grant it. I'll do all I can to pray for you, the sincerity of my heart. Now, can we pray again, if you will. One thing we can't do is pray too much. He said, "I would that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands."

```
1 Timothy 2:8 I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.

```
**13** Lord, we have no holy hands to lift up. But we lift up Jesus' hands which is holy. We lift them up, Lord, as Caleb did that day to Joshua ... or, to Moses. And we pray that the battle will go for the Lord tonight. We know that all the enemies are gathering around. They come just as close as they can. But we know seated in this building somewhere, around in mid-air, around the platform here, are angels of the Lord. Decisions must be made. And we stand as a representative of Jesus Christ. Now, Lord, may the enemy be defeated. Thou has promised us that we should cast out evil spirits. That's what You said. And I believe that, Lord, with all my heart. Let Thy Word be truth and every man a lie. And may it be proven here tonight, that Your power will be so predominant, that every evil spirit that would try to enter into the person or into the building, or that's got anyone bound, may they have to turn loose and get away. And may there be a shout of victory everywhere. Lord, may we break the pitcher tonight and let the fire fly. And the enemy will be defeated. Grant it, Father. We pray in the name of Your Holy Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

```
Matthew 10:8 Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.

Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**14** All right. Billy? All right. He's coming. All right. Get him and some of the ushers together if you would. You all get me a drink. That's fine. All right. A's. All right. He give out prayer card A's. All right. I don't think we could stand fifty at a time, but we can stand a few of them. All right, let's see. Let's get about the first ten or fifteen, to start with, and line them up over here if we can. Who's got A-number-1? A-number-2? A-number-3? A-number-4, A-number-5? A-number-6? A-number-7, 8, 9 to 10. Let's see that line up first and see how far we get along. A-number-1 to A-10.

**15** All right. We'll see how they get lined up. I don't remember just how many we had. I want to know who all is going to pray tonight. Now, just praying with all your heart. That's fine. All right. Can you take a few more, son? Huh? About five? All right. Let's take to 15 then, bring another five. A-number-11, 12, 13, 14, and 15. See how that looks. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Excuse me. Thank you. I hate to drink that water and I know maybe somebody is sitting out there, wanting a drink of water. It makes me feel little to do that, right at the platform. But I rushed away without drinking any water. And I perspire so till even my socks are wet inside. I nearly starve, so water, I drink much of it.

**16** How's that look? 14 and 15 is missing. Look on your prayer cards now, if there's somebody in there might be deaf or something, or can't get up. Is it the wheelchair setting down there? Look, check her card and see if she's got 15. Is it 15? All right. Got them? All right. Now, we will see if we can get some more, just in a moment. Now, we will just... If everyone will, just be seated and be real reverent. And believe with all your heart. God will surely bring it to pass. Are you believing with all your heart, everywhere? Now, Brother Osborn, I'm depending on you now to pray for me. And Brother Boze, you up in here. Everyone. You all pray up there tonight, too. Just pray and ask God to help. It's very hard. I know that... You see, the Bible said when the Holy Spirit fell they were all in one place, in one accord. And probably it was... We don't know how the building was, but there was such ... if it was hot, there was such a unity of spirit, until they didn't even feel the heat, you know. Now, if we could just get that way, wouldn't it be wonderful? Yes, sir. Just be... We wouldn't notice the heat.

**17** Now, I pray that God will anoint every one of us. May He anoint me and my eyes to see in another dimension. And may He anoint my lips to speak just that which is pure and holy. May He anoint your ears to hear. May He anoint your heart to receive, is my prayer. And if you, of course, now you know this is only through a divine gift. Not a gift to heal people, a gift to pray for people. And then a gift of prophetic utterance, like a seer that sees a vision. I'm trying to get your attention; see, I know it's hot and bad. Now, first I've got to have your attention right to me. And then it seems like it just builds a wall of faith around me, you see, it just around everywhere.

**18** Usually in the big meetings, we never have anyone behind us up like that at all. I have the platform, because sometimes epileptic, when they come to the platform, (you've seen it many times,) they'd scream, and jump, and carry on, and demon-possessed people and things. Then you have to be alone because someone could get hurt, see, the way they carry on. Because the devil is just as mean as he can be, you know. So he will do anything, so we have to watch and be careful. Now, we're praying and believing. Now, let me have the lady. I wish that everyone would, just in your heart while you're watching... Now, if I have to say "Bow your head," do it quickly, see. And close your eyes and pray, if I ask you to. But when you're looking, you look with a real steady faith, see.

**19** There's something about it: People, the way they're thinking, a spirit anoints them. Now, this might seem a little strange to a person that doesn't believe this way, see. If they are unbelieving, it's the spirit of the devil anointing that person. And it's pulling right down, like that, with disbelief, you see. And I can feel that and tell it. Yes, sir. And it makes it hard. And then if a person is really believing, they're pulling in the Spirit of God, see. Because it's the Word of God, we all know that. And if the devil can just put a question mark across there, he's got you. But when you erase that question mark and say, "That's every bit true and it's for me," then you're pulling from God. May the Lord bless us as we talk to the woman.

**20** Now, I suppose that we're strangers, are we lady? We are. All right. Now, I want you tonight, each one in the line... I don't believe there's anyone crippled or anything, standing there, to stand very long. Let's just take our time. Everyone just let your nerves down now, and let's just talk to the people, pray with them. And do not be excited or nervous, just closely. I'd just like to talk to you a little while, like Jesus talked to a woman one time. And now, we are strangers to each other. Then the only way that I would be able to know you, would have to be through Jesus Christ. Is that right? Well, now, of course, Satan has a way that he knows some things but he doesn't know all things. If you watch these little old psychic readers and so forth, out on the street, it's just about one percent they're right on. They're just guessing at it. But God is perfect every time.

**21** The devil has just got a ... the devil has a pattern of everything God has real. Babylon was made a pattern of Heaven. All the natural, see. Just exactly. There is a real genuine Christian, filled with the Holy Ghost, there's a whole lot of hypocrites that just act like it, see, see. But that really... The hypocrite only declares the real person to stand out bright and shiny, doesn't it? See. All the false and bogus things only declare the real. If we pick up a bogus dollar and I looked at that dollar, and you say, "That's a bogus dollar," or counterfeit, that only tells me one thing, that there's a real one somewhere or that wouldn't be a counterfeit. As long as there's a counterfeit, there's a real one. Is that right? And long as you see a act of the devil, just remember, he is impersonating something of God, a real one somewhere, see. That's right. Just remember when you see that, that's what it is.

**22** Now, if our Lord was here... You perhaps are a sick person. I do not know. I can't tell you that. But if you was a sick person and our Lord was standing here... Now, what could He do for you? Nothing but just talk to you. He might lay His hand upon you. Or He would be empowered with a vision. And He would be able to tell you what the Father had to say. And He could only say what the Father said, is that right? That's all He could do. He said, "I can do nothing of Myself. Just what I see, that I speak," see. "And My words are true because the Father has sent Me," see. His words are true. Because God vindicated that to be His Son.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**23** Now, you believe Him, that He died and rose again from the dead. And now, He promised the things that He did, that we should do also. That's His church, His believer. Well then, if He was standing here, He would tell you, perhaps, like Nathanael. He'd say ... whether you're a Christian or not, He'd tell you. And He'd tell you something that you done. Maybe a year ago, maybe two years ago, maybe a week ago, or a hour ago. He'd tell you something like that. Like He told Nathanael, said, "I saw you when you was under the fig tree." "Why," he said, "You're the Son of God." Well, then, if He is the same today, He could do the same thing for you, could He? Do you believe He will? You do. You are suffering with a cancer. It's horribly ... horrible condition. It's in the breast. And one of your breasts, it's been removed. And the cancer has crossed over into the other breast and it's come down through the abdomen too, hasn't it? ["That's right. That's exactly right."] God bless you.

```
John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**24** You are a Canadian, ["Yes, I'm a Canadian."] from Ontario. ["That's right."] And you flew in here by plane ... your husband. Is that true? Do you believe? Sure you believe He is going to make you well, don't you? ["Yes."] Come here and let's ask Him about it. Lord Jesus, poor little woman standing here, seriously ill. Knowing no one can help her but Thee. She's broken-hearted. She wants an extension of life, Lord, to serve You. God grant it, tonight. Forgive us of our sins and trespasses. And let her live, Lord, to glorify Thee.

**25** Father, make her well. Way up in those big beautiful pines there, may her testimony stand out. If You'll heal her, Lord, I promise You to go into that country there and preach the Gospel. This will be a sign. I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. What is your name? ["Parks."] All right. Mrs. Parks, I want you to write to me in a few weeks from now, telling me what's taken place. I have made a vow to God. God bless you. Go and God's peace on you now. Everyone should believe, right now. Everyone should never doubt no more. But the Lord Jesus Christ... Now, before the anointing gets too deep, way I'll know what was even told that woman, will be tomorrow when I pick up the tape.

**26** Mr. Boze was testifying today about something that happened like that, wasn't it? Of a woman somewhere, it's all blank to me now. But it's something about a woman, a German woman. I seen a vision and couldn't stop or something, or seen a white man included, around a colored woman. And I couldn't make out what it was. And I was upset. Isn't that the way it was? And there's a Mohammedan, or a Hindu, or something on the platform. And I couldn't understand why I could see a Moslem worshipper at a platform, and me speaking somewhere at a Moslem, seeing this woman. And then recognizing I was in Chicago. I couldn't get myself straight whether I was in India speaking or in Chicago.

**27** And then I seen a white man. Looked kind of a light-looking, like a German, that was included in that. And I couldn't get it. And it shook me so, till I went ahead and prayed for the woman or something. And I looked down to another woman and told her something and she was suffering with something. And the woman was, at that time, praying for her brother, is that right? ["That's right."] Is that ... ["Yeah!"] Brother was ... ["Going into the Moslem religion in Germany."] going into the Moslem, in a religious ... religion of Moslem, worshipped in Germany. And she was praying. And that man was standing from Germany, here before me. The Moslem was open and you could see. And I couldn't get it because being not used to being here in Chicago and seeing that. It kind of shook... Is that right, Brother Boze? ["That's right."] See, you never know, friends. But our Lord Jesus is marvelous, loving, full of compassion. Oh, my!

**28** I wonder tonight if He was standing here in a body of flesh, where would He take the flesh to when He seen the wickedness of this world? Seen the end time approaching. What would Saint Paul do if he was standing in Chicago tonight? He would probably ... I don't know, they'd probably have him arrested. Seeing his words that he spoke under inspiration, how they would be having a form of godliness, denying the power thereof. And how that the things would be taking place, hard telling what he would do. All right, bring your... Oh, is this... How do you do, sir? Well, it's a very warm evening, isn't it? Yes, sir. Very warm. But our blessed Saviour, there's something so sweet about Him that when we're near His presence, we don't notice nothing but just Him. That's right.

```
2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**29** Now, I suppose that you and I be strangers. I probably don't know you. As far as I know, I never seen you in my life. You never met me before. Yes, sir. Well, then... But our Lord Jesus, down through the span of life, He knew you when you were born, and before you was born. And He knew me the same way. And all down through life, He's fed us and taken care of us. And what we are tonight, we are by the grace of God. And that's why we're standing here tonight. And I'm standing here as your brother, to do anything in the world that I could to help you. And if I didn't think that God would answer my prayer for the sick people, under this commission of an Angel who met me, my dear brother, I would be home tonight with my family. But I'm here... And I have a little church down there, I'd be preaching in it. Just have my service and go on and do my rest of my work, and be along with my babies and so forth through the week. But I believe that God has commissioned me to do these things. Therefore, I come to help you.

**30** To help you what? To believe on the Lord Jesus, see. It's all I can do. What all that can be done for you, He has already done it. But now, the only thing ... maybe just something to kind of boost your faith up to see it, you know. That's why you're here, isn't it? To try to receive something from God. That's right. Now, the... But He will grant it. No man ever come to Him empty and went away desiring to be filled but what was full. And those who come full, they went away empty, see. But you've come emptying out your soul for your need. You are a sick person. And your trouble is in your neck. Isn't that right? Yes, sir. That was caused from an accident. Seem like I seen a big something drop. It was ... it was a bale of hay that struck you. Is that right? ["Correct."] Yes, sir.

**31** Yes, sir. When you looked this way, something struck. You're interested in somebody down here. It's that baby laying there. That's your son. ["Correct."] Is that right? ["Correct."] I seen it before you again, laying in your arms. Do you believe He is here to help you, brother? ["Yes."] Come here. O God, Author of Life, Giver of all good gifts, send Thy mercy upon this man who I ask for mercy for. Grant, Lord, the healing of him and his people also. And may Thy Spirit be upon him, Lord. May he be blessed and helped. May he be healed, Your Glory be upon him, Father. I pray this blessing as I lay hands upon him in the name of Jesus Christ. And I hold him close to my body. Not that there would be virtue in man, but we remember Elisha, who laid his body upon the dead baby, and it came to life. And I pray that You heal this man, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God's peace be with you, brother. Go in peace. God heal you.

```
2 Kings 4:34 And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: and he stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.

2 Kings 4:35 Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.

```
**32** How do you do. My, you're a fine looking little lady. Now, do you believe the Lord Jesus Christ died to help you, honey? You do that? Now, you're just a little girl, see. And your little mind is innocent yet. And now, I can talk to you, see. And God will help you, because you're just a child, see. But if Jesus was here tonight, standing here at the platform, now, He would ... He'd come over... He loved little children. And He'd take and look at you and He'd lay His hands upon you. And if there's anything wrong with you, why, you'd get well, wouldn't you? You'd get well. That's the innocence of a child. That child-like simplicity is what touches the heart of God. She knows right now that something is taking place. The little girl... The Spirit of the Lord is on the child now. And He would make you ... He'd bless you, and you'd get well. You believe that, don't you?

**33** Now, do you believe that He has risen from the dead and He is here tonight in the form of the Holy Spirit? And that He lives in His church? That may be a little deep for you, but do you believe that Jesus sent Brother Branham to do His work? You believe that? You do. You've got something... It's... Yes. It's in your nose, up in here. You kind of have a ... like a sneezing or a hay fever or something like that, isn't it?---a hay fever? I could see you keep holding your nose and your eyes turning red and things. I couldn't make out whether it was just ... you was subject to bad colds or what it was. But it's a hay fever. Now, honey, hay fever isn't a disease. Hay fever is a little skin that's in your nose. Some people has three layers of skin, others have two layers of skin, and some just has one layer. When them little burrs get in there, that's what causes it to burn and hurt like that. Makes you sneeze and have headaches and everything.

**34** Just a moment. You've had an accident, too, haven't you? You fell out of a car. And it hurt you in your spine. Isn't that right? That's right. And you've got a father that's with you, that's brought you here. And he has a hernia. He has just been in a healing meeting of some sort. There's a man that's kind of tall, black hair. I believe it was Brother Freeman. Is that right? That prayed for him. Is that true? And your mother is sick. She was at the doctor and he said she had enlarging of the heart. Is that true? Do you believe God will make all of you well? Come here. My Lord and my Father, I pray Thee to be merciful to this little girl. And bless her, Lord, in whom I bless in Thy name. And to this innocent little child, Thou has said in Thy Word, "Whatever you bind on earth, I will bind it in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth, I will loose it in heaven." We know that You are here to confirm Your Word. And You confirm not one of Your words, but all Your words. Therefore, as Your representative, I loose this child of this demon. In Jesus Christ's name, may it go out of her.

```
Matthew 16:19 And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

Matthew 18:18 Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

```
**35** Now, honey, you are all right, see. Now, you go home and when you go to your daddy, you lay hands over on him, because he hasn't gotten well yet. And when you get over home, take this same hand and lay it on mother; she'll get well too. God bless you. You do that. Let us say, "Thanks be to the Lord Jesus Christ." Who gives us our victory tonight, through Calvary, through His blessings. Oh, we say, "Praise be unto God."

**36** All right. Would you come? I just want to pray for your baby. Put your hand over on its little head, the water... Lord Jesus, my heart's just aching for that little one. I pray, Thee, to be merciful. The mother with the hand on the child, the very fruit of her womb, the core of her heart. O God, take away everything, and may the baby be healed. We ask this in Jesus' name, for God's glory. Amen. All right. Be of a good courage mother, now. I tell you what you do. When you go home tonight... The evil one left the baby. Now, it's been prayed for and everything and you're a little bit... You're trying to make yourself with an emotional faith. Don't do that. Just have a solid faith. You take that baby home tonight, and you see whether I've told you true. You put a string around its head and measure. Then cut that string off even. And then in twenty-four hours, put that same string around there, you'll cut something off of the string, and you'll know that I've told you the truth. And if that's true, then you remember... Then have faith and believe.

**37** How do you do, sir? I suppose that we are strangers, you and I. God knows us both. He knows all about us. He's fed us all the days of our life. And everything that we ever was come from God. And all that we ever will be, will have to come from the goodness of our Heavenly Father. Look this way, just a minute. I'd like to talk to you, just for a few minutes. You believe now that God is... I wish you would stand right here if you would, just a moment. All right. Thank you, sir. You suffer with a stomach trouble. It's a nervous upset stomach keeping you upset all the time. You're not from this city. You've come from ... I'd say Ohio, near a lake, though---Cleveland. Is that right? You're Assembly of God preacher. And you've been to the General Council. You're on your road home. You've got a sick wife. Where's that handkerchief? You been saying that you was going to bring a handkerchief. Hand it here to me. That's for your sick wife, isn't it? You believe she is going to get well? She's got a inward trouble she's suffering with. Lord, be merciful. Grant the healing of his wife, and also of our brother. And may he go and God's peace be upon you. In Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. Go home, lay this on her and you'll both get well. Have faith.

**38** Aren't you suffering with a nervous trouble, sitting there? And you're a preacher also, aren't you? Stand up. You was healed the same time that he was. You was healed the same time. God bless you. (Excuse me. I didn't know that was sitting there, Brother Boze.) The same thing that was wrong with that man there, was your trouble. All right, you're well now. Go, and God bless you. Oh, how you should believe on our Lord. What more would He have to do? Will you have faith in Him now? Believe Him with all your heart. I'm beginning to get weak and I ... Well... How do you do? Do you believe with all your heart? You do. You're in trouble. You're not sick, only you're nervous. You're upset. It's a mental distress like, because you're halting between two opinions what you must do in life. Yours is not a sickness. ["That's right."] You have a child, don't you? ["That's right."] A boy. You're having family trouble at home. Isn't that right? ["That's right."] You don't want a divorce in your family. You don't know what to do.

**39** And you're not from this city. You come from Michigan. Is that right? Now, you believe with all your heart, God will grant you your request. I pray ... There's only one thing you can do. That's believe on the Lord. And then you go and... I'd advise you one thing to do: Go receive the baptism of the Spirit, live for God all your life and everything will work just right. Now, if God can tell me what was your trouble, and what is your trouble now, He can surely tell me the way out of it. Is that right? That's your avenue. Will you receive it? Come here. Lord, be merciful to this woman. Grant unto her that she may receive the Holy Spirit and may all of her troubles leave. Grant it, Father. I bless her for this purpose, in Jesus Christ's name, that the baby be raised in a Christian atmosphere, and both father and mother filled with the Spirit. Grant it, Lord. In Jesus' name. Amen.

**40** Now, your husband isn't with you. But when you go home, I trust to God that you will find it different. Are you ready to believe you will? Now, just as you believe that's just what... I know he doesn't. But I say when you go home, you're going to believe you're going to find things better. He's going to receive you and things are go... You believe that? As you have believed, that's just the way it will be to you. God bless you. Peace of God be with you. Young man, sitting up there in the balcony, you kind of have a spiritual trouble too, don't you? Mental distress, upset. Is that right? You want to accept your healing now? Stand up on your feet then. Accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you, young man. Believe on the Lord. You want to get over heart trouble, lady? ["Yes."] Say, "I accept my healing." ["I accept my healing."] God bless you. ["Praise the Lord."] Father, may she receive this now, in Jesus Christ's name, I pray. Amen. God be with you and go with you and help you and make you well. All right. Have faith. All right, come, lady. Are you believing? Well, if she was healed with heart trouble and you with the same thing, can't He heal you too? You believe He will? God bless you, then. Lord, I pray that this will be so. May her faith not fail, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. God will grant it to you, your desire.

**41** Little minister, you believe on the Lord now, with all your heart. If you do, you will receive what you've asked for. See. God bless you. You go back to your church a different person. You'll never go blind, if you will receive Jesus Christ and believe with all your heart that He makes you well. Do you believe it? Go. God be with you, and help you, and heal you too. All right. You believing? See better now? Sure, it's gone from you. The blind spirit left you when you raised up. Now, go and sin no more. You believing with all your heart? How do you do, young lady? Do you believe that you're standing in God's presence, in His sanctuary here, tonight? You do. You believe me to be His servant? Do you believe the story that I tell about that Angel is the truth? You do. Sister, you're anemic. There's something wrong in your blood, turning water. But you will never get any better until you get straightened up with God. You know that. And you know what I'm meaning right now. So I just won't have to say it here. But will you promise that you will serve God all your life and all these things, you will just forsake and go on and serve God. Will you do it? Then I'd go right down there to the altar and kneel down, and straighten that up with God, and you will get over that anemic condition. God bless you. Have faith and believe with all your heart. God shall bring it to pass. Now, have faith and be merciful. Believe with all your heart. All right.

**42** Will you come? How do you do? You believe? with all your heart? Kind of a tumorous condition, isn't it? Something about the nose, it's up in your nose, it's growths inside your nose, and could be tumor. You also have varicose veins. I see them on your... Now, you know, few people knowed that. But God knows it. Do you believe if I asked Him, along with this church people here... We're here deeply and sincerely. You believe He will let you get well? Come here. Merciful Father, grant that the curse of this sickness, disease, will leave the woman. May she go and be made well. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. God bless you, sister. That's the way to do. Go believing with all your heart.

**43** God bless you, mother. You know something struck you there, see. That was... Your faith has been coming because you've been praying. And even in the rest of the meetings, you said, "If I could ever get up there, I'd be healed." And that heart trouble would leave you and you wouldn't be bothered with it. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind but that's what you said. Now, as you have believed, so has it happened to you. God bless you. Believe and... There's nothing can stand in His presence as long as He is here. Do you all believe? With all your heart? That's the way, the only way you can be made well. And besides your eye trouble, you have something in your side too, don't you? When that man passed a few moments ago and I said about eyes, a real cold feeling went over you, didn't it? That's when you were healed. I just wanted to be sure that I know what I was talking about. God bless you.

**44** You had an ulcerate stomach. Now, go and eat what you want to. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Come, lady. You also had ulcerate stomach. You got female trouble too. Do you believe that He makes you well? God bless you. Go, and may the Lord God bless you and make you well. Amen. Have faith in God. If you can believe... Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." You want to get over that gall bladder trouble, sitting there, sister? Yeah. You want to get over it? Well, just accept your healing and God will make you well, right there where you're sitting, right. Amen. God be with you.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**45** Poor old thing, sitting there, praying. You were very kind to that woman to help her up there. You have a trouble too, don't you, sister? I see a darkness around you. It's concerning your husband at home. Isn't that right? Mentally distressed. Isn't that right, sister? You stand up. And let's you and I have prayer for him. Lord Jesus, we feel so sorry for our brother. May he be healed. Grant it, Lord. May he get well. In Jesus' name, I ask it. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, only have faith...

**46** Are you believing, lady with your hand up, praying? over there, the colored lady, sitting there? You believe with all your heart? You believe me to be His prophet? You do. If God can reveal to me where your trouble is and what ... will you accept Jesus as your healer? You will. All right. You got a tumor. You got stomach trouble too, haven't you? Now, do you accept Jesus as your healer? God bless you. Wasn't that a strange thing that struck you just then, sister? The white lady, sitting right this side of her there. Because you had kind of a condition too. It's on your shoulder. Is that right? A tumor of a kind. Is that right? All right. That's when it struck you, also. God bless you. Now, the next lady's got her hand up there too. Sitting right next to you. Do you believe me to be His prophet, lady? the elderly lady sitting there? You've got veins. It's a varicose ... vari... No, it isn't. It's something in the veins. It's inward... It's hardening of the arteries. Isn't that right? I seen the vein but it was on the inside. All right, go home now and get well. All of you go home. Be well. Jesus Christ make you well. Have faith in God.

**47** Little minister, I trust that God will give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and fix you up, and give you the desire of your heart---the little Methodist preacher, sitting there. God bless you, brother. There's a woman sitting right behind you there, that's worried. She's concerned... When I was talking to this lady here, with the flowers on her hat, she was concerned too. It's about a loved one, I believe, that's in a hospital. You believe Him with all your heart? A soldier boy or something another. That boy is in a country where there's a lot of big pine trees blowing. Isn't that right? There's something wrong mentally. He's in a hospital. And I'm going to say that's either Washington, or Oregon, one. Is that right? Washington. A government hospital, because I see orderlies with soldier clothes on, ministering. Is that right? Let's you and I stand up and pray for the boy.

**48** Almighty God, across this nation, down on the yonder side, that lovely country, I pray that God Almighty will send down His blessings upon that poor boy that has suffered. And I pray that You will heal him and may he get to come home, being normal and well. I pray Father, that You will grant this; along with the rest of Thy church, we ask these blessings in Jesus' name. Amen. All of you can be made well. (How many more? Just this one?) Now, before the lady gets here... She's deaf. Let's bow our heads, everyone.

**49** Almighty God, Author of life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy Spirit upon this woman and bless her, who I bless in Thy name. Creator of heavens and earth, be merciful to those who are deaf. We realize that the spirit of the devil would cause them to be killed, if he could. I pray for mercy for our sister. And may the enemy leave her this night. And may she serve You all her life. I ask this deaf spirit to leave the woman. Come out of her, in the name of Jesus Christ. Do you hear me now? Can you hear me now? Say, "Amen." ["Amen."] " I love God." ["I love God."] Now, let me try back. "I love God." ["I love God."] " Praise the Lord." ["Praise the Lord."] You are healed. Here, she can hear normally. Listen, let's see. It was the left ear was deaf. ["Yes."] " Amen." ["Amen."] " Praise the Lord." ["Praise the Lord."]

**50** [Gap in the audio] ... female trouble. I just seen it left her, just behind the Brother Ryan. God be merciful right... [Gap in the audio.] O Father, You hear that, Lord. I pray that Your Spirit settle over this building, just now. O eternal God, how long will You suffer the people? May it be so tonight, that every believer here will receive their healing, just now.

**51** May they look there to Calvary, where we're humbly trying to represent. Bless, O eternal God, and may each of them be healed tonight. May there be no doubt in their hearts. But may just now, as Your servant is very weak, I pray that the prayer of faith... I believe, Lord, that I get what I ask for, for I ask it in the name of Jesus. And Your Scripture cannot be broken. And You said, "Whatever you desire, when you pray, believe you receive it and you shall have it." I now ask for every demon that's bound any of these people, to come out of them, just now, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Rise and accept your healing.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
```
