---
Date: 1953-02-18
Title: All things are possible to them that believe
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 34 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# All things are possible to them that believe



**1** Brother Baxter, Billy, I want you to help me ... or, some of you, over here. All right. J-35 to 50, let's try that first. Now, somebody turn your card over. Look over on the other side of your card. And now, look at your neighbor's card. They may be deaf and can't hear. They can't get up if they're deaf; they won't hear their number. And we want you to ... or, if somebody's unable to move when they call a number, just raise your hand. That's all. Just raise your hand, and we'll see that somebody brings you out ... brings you up so we can get a hold. Let's all sing that while they're lining up, the audience. Now, we won't be very long. We'll just keep praying. All right. All right. All right. Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe.

**2** Let's imagine, on a warm April morning, coming down the hill came a lovely one, with His robes around Him, His hair blowing over to the side. There was three men walking along with Him. And here come a father with a child that had epilepsy. And he said, "Lord, have mercy on my child, for he's variously vexed with a devil. Sometimes he falls into the water---into the fire. The devil trying to destroy him." He said, "I can if ye believe, for all things are possible to them that believe." Is that right? "All things are possible." You say, "All things are possible with God." All things are possible to you!---to them that believe. Do you believe that? All right. Let's sing again. Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe.

```
Matthew 17:15 Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is a lunatic, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.

Mark 9:20 And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.

Mark 9:21 And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.

Mark 9:22 And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**3** Now, Christian friends, I'm going to ask you one thing, if you'll do for me just now. I want you to be real reverent. Now, if our Lord should do anything, then you give Him praise. But right... See, it's difficult. Brother Baxter knows. Is that right, Brother? It's very seldom with a realm like this, where spirits all around, everywhere there's sick people, and there's human beings. And every person's possessed with a spirit. And those spirits: one moving this way, and one that way. You'll watch it, it'll go out the meeting, back in here, and everywhere, go to calling people, telling them what's wrong, you see, and their condition. Now, if Jesus was here, could He heal you in your unbelief? Can anything be done for your healing, but what's already been done? Not a thing. I haven't got nothing in me that would heal you; there isn't a thing. Brother Jackson, as much as he's prayed for the sick, too, there's nothing in you could heal; is there, Brother Jackson? Not a thing. None of you ministers that pray for the sick---not a thing. The only thing that you could do is point them to Jesus, where He has already healed them, see. He's healed them. Now, no one ... none of these ministers here, they couldn't say they'd save you. They can't save you. But they can point you to where your salvation was purchased nineteen hundred years ago on Calvary. You just accept it. Jesus settled it with the Father of salvation when He died at Calvary. Is that right? That settled it. The whole world is forgiven of sin, but it won't do you any good till you accept it. And every person was healed, but it won't do you any good till you accept it. Then we as ministers preach the Word. And faith cometh by hearing, and hearing what?---the Word of God. And then, after all that, that ought to be enough. Shouldn't it? But, after all that, then God come down and set in the church, gifts.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**4** Say, for instance, tonight, maybe the lady sitting there might speak with tongues. This man here give the interpretation that would tell that the lady sitting here in a wheelchair, that a certain thing she had done that had caused that disease or whatever's wrong with her; or this man here, or whoever it might be. And it'd be just exactly that way: tell him what was going to happen. I believe that's a gift of God. Don't you? Then He set that. He set prophets. Do you believe that? He set wisdom, knowledge, gifts of tongues, interpretation of tongues. All these things are all in the body---all in the body. Now, after His Word, then look how mindful He was to come down in here and get something else, and bring it up, knowing that there would still be unbelief in the Word---the question mark. Isn't He lovely? Oh, my. How wonderful He is.

**5** Now, if He was here, He might tell you what was wrong with you, tell your conditions, what to do; but He couldn't heal you. If He was standing here, Himself, with this suit on, He couldn't heal you, because He's already done it. He can't do it the second time. He could say, "I am the Christ, and I purchased your salvation back... Believe this?" If you'd say, "Yes, Lord, I believe it. It's over." Well, this is His Word; says the same thing. And He's no better than His Word is. Is that right? All right.

**6** Oh, you have a little girl for the... Well, that's very sweet. All right. Just set her down, right here. See, she's backward. You sit right down there. You stand right with her, if you want to, brother; just go right in here. [Someone speaks to Brother Branham.] The baby? Well, that's mighty fine. What's your name? I'm glad to know you, my brother. You're the father of the child, are you? That's all right, sir. Now, perhaps I'll talk to you then, instead of the child, because he's just a baby. I believe this is our first time meeting. I've never seen you in my life. Far as I ever know, this is our first time meeting. Now, I'll have to talk to you just a moment in order ... see. Just look all around you, everywhere: spirits everywhere, see---human beings. Well, now, it's got to be a vision singled out. Remember sometimes our Lord Jesus taking the people out to one side to talk to them? He'd take them away. See, it was for a purpose: to get in contact with the spirit. Now, did you ever hear the story about that Angel of the Lord that came and told me those things?---what I must do? Do you believe that's the truth? Well, He told me if I get you to believe that, then be sincere when I pray, that it would take place. Now, you know, I couldn't heal the little girl. I have nothing to heal her with. I'm not a doctor. If I was a doctor, I couldn't heal her. I might aid some nature, but God has to do the healing. And He's already done the healing; it just takes our faith to believe it, you see. That's right.

**7** Well, now, if our Lord was here ... and the way I feel ... if that little girl is sick... To see a sweet little thing like that, sick. I've got one at home just about like that. You know how my heart would go for it. But if He was here, He would stand and talk to you, maybe like this: He'd tell you, "Well, your child taken a certain fever at a certain time," or whatever it was. And, "It's been sick for so long," or something like that. Well, that would just make you think, "Yes. I know that's Him, because that's what's the matter with the child." And maybe He might tell you something about yourself: what you'd done, or something that happened that caused that fever, or sickness to come on the child. Then if He'd say that to you, then, well, He'd lay His upon it, say, "Do you believe?" You'd say, "Yes, sir." And you'd go away. Then you believe the baby'd get well. Don't you? Well, now, He's at the right hand of the Father, but He sent back His gifts. And His gift is the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit has attributes of gifts that comes to the people. And now, if He's here, and I've told the truth, and testifying of these things, then He will manifest Himself in the same manner here through His servants as He would through His own flesh if He was here. Is that right?

**8** Sir, I believe you're a sincere believer. You're not altogether well, yourself. You know that. But your baby, here... It's not a fever. It's a accident that's happened to the baby. Is that right? Does the child have a fall, something like fell? And, oh, it run a little something up into its rectum. Is that right? Is that true? And it's caused it to having all kinds of attributes. It's got a discharge that comes from that. Is that right? And you with your prostate trouble. Is that true, my brother? ["That's true."] Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly Father, brought again the Lord Jesus from the dead. Your Spirit's here. This little innocent, sweet little child laying here with an accident---punctured its little body. But Thou art God. Thou art the One who can heal it. Now, according to what You said, you have vindicated to be true. And I pray that You'll heal the child as I lay hands in Thy name, and ask that You'd heal it, Lord. May it go from here and be a well child. As Your servant, now ... now, I take the jurisdiction over all spirits of the devil. God's servant, lay hands in the name of my Lord, and ask in His name that this child may be delivered from this affliction without any harm, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you.

**9** Now, go. Look here just a moment. Now, it's correctly. It was some time something happened to the child, but I don't remember just what it was. Was that the truth, whatever it said? ["That was the truth."] Every bit the truth? ["Yes, sir."] Every bit the truth. Now, He said, "If you get the people to believe you, and be sincere, that nothing will stand before the prayer." Now, He said ... I said, "They won't believe me, because I'm uneducated." He said, "As the prophet Moses was given two signs to vindicate (see) that he was sent for this purpose." Said, "So will you." And told me this thing: "You'll know the secret of the heart and tell the people their trouble." Just like the Spirit back in the days gone by. It was hard for me to see it, but I understand now. Now, don't fear. Your baby will be all right. Don't you fear. Now, if the God of heaven will let me see what was in life back that way... And that's the truth, and you know it's the truth. And if I tell you the baby's going to be all right, you just keep on the way you are. It's got to be as true as that was. Is that right? God bless you. Then take the baby. You've been awfully nervous, haven't you? I seen her when you was trying to hold her, and she was screaming and carrying on like that. Don't worry. That's going to leave her. Just go, thanking God, and believing. And by the way, your trouble's gone. Let us say, "Thanks be to God." Now, did I heal the baby? No, sir. That man's faith in God healed the baby, see. God pronounces his blessings; it'll be just that way, see.

**10** Now, come lady. Do you believe now with all your heart? Now, now you're conscious that something's going on. See, that was the first patient; just to get the anointing. Did you ever see that picture of the Angel of the Lord that they got here that was taken down in Houston, Texas? You've never seen it. They'll have it here in a few nights. I think we got a few more of them. But that feeling that you feel now, that's what that is. It's His presence. Now, just a minute. Before you... Lady, you're suffering with some kind of a convulsion, or go out in... Epilepsy. Is that right? That's the horriblest thing. I seen that black thing come between us. Now I know that's what it is. All right. You bow your heads, everywhere, and let the women keep their children near them. Now, this is one thing that really bothers me: epilepsy.

**11** Now, please, ladies, everybody keep your children near. And everybody be in faith. Now, lady, my sister, I'm not able to help you. I'm going to pray for you. I want you to believe. Lord Jesus, help the woman. I pray that You'll grant it. May she go from here tonight and get well. Grant it, Lord. I lay hands upon her in the name of Jesus Christ, and ask for her healing. O Eternal God, Author of life, hear the prayer of your servant. And in obedience to Your command, I lay hands upon her, and ask that the demon of epilepsy will leave. Grant it. May it go, in Jesus Christ's name. May you grant that it'll gone, through Jesus' name. Amen. Now, just a moment, lady. I just want to talk to you, just a moment. I want you to look here at me, just a minute, if you can. Now, that's been for a long time. Hasn't it? I want to look at you, just a moment, just to talk to you. Now, I'm not reading your mind. God knows that. But, whatever you want to call it, see. There is a... The devil's got a bogus for everything God has got. You believe that? He's got these little old psychic readers out here on the street, make a guess, or something That's a devil. But Jesus Christ perceived their thoughts. Is that right? All right. Everything God has, he has a bogus. He has a real genuine Holy Spirit. The devil has something that looks like it. It's not there. But here, it was just told what was wrong with you. But here's something else. You feel in your life, and have for a long time, that you have a call in the ministry of Christ. Is that right? And this thing has been hindering. Is that true? You've talked about it to people. Does anybody in this building know that's the truth? If it is, raise your hand. Now, go. And may the Lord bless you. As you believed, so will it be unto you.

```
Matthew 12:25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:

Luke 5:22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?

Luke 6:8 But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.

```
**12** How do you do, lady? Of course, I don't know you. I've never seen you in my life. But God knows you, doesn't He. Do you believe that He is, and a rewarder of those who will diligently seek Him? You do. Do you believe that He's able to make you free? ["I sure do."] If He will do this, will you seek after Him with all your heart, give your life to Him, and live for Him as best that you know how the rest of your days? You must do it. With that condition, you know, you can't live long like that. That turns into cancer, well then, you're done. You had an operation, anyhow. Is that right? And you have a tumor now. That's right. In the breast. Now, will you believe that He'll heal you and make you well? And you give your life to Him now? You surrender your life, right now, to Him, and to His blessed will. Say you accept Him, right now, as Saviour and Lord, and healer. You do, right now? Raise up your hand as a witness. Now, come here. Almighty God, the Author of life, the giver of every good gift, send blessings and peace. Forgive the woman, Lord. Take her, now, and heal her body, knowing that she has a serious condition. May she leave here tonight, rejoicing and happy. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask for her to be healed, and saved, and filled with Your Spirit, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You accept Him, now, as your personal, individual Healer, Saviour, all. God bless you. Go, and may you receive the Holy Spirit, and be healed. God bless you. All right.

```
Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

```
**13** Do you believe, lady? All right. If you believe with all your heart, God is here to heal you and make you well. Do you believe that? All right. Have faith in Him. Don't doubt. What about you all out there? Do you believe Him with all your heart? Have faith in God. God will bring it to pass, whatever you ask for. Now, not these people here on the platform only, but you out there in the audience---anywhere you are. I put this to you tonight. You that won't be in the prayer line; you that's out there without prayer cards, without anything, sitting out there, and hasn't chance to get in the line: You start believing God. Believe Him with all your heart, and praying to God, and just accept Him. Just accept Him. Say, "Lord, I now believe. I now believe. I believe it, first, because Your Word said so. I believe it, secondly, because You're absolutely vindicating Yourself here tonight as You was in the days gone by, so are You here tonight. And I believe it with all my heart." And, friends, look, it's just not Tallahassee. This has went around the world, see, everywhere. Literally tens of thousands, and thousands, and thousands times thousands of people healed, and saved, and filled with the Holy Spirit, see. It's not nothing. It's been tried under every fiery trial, I believe, that could be put before, and all over. Here's my manager. Is that right, Brother Baxter? Through everything, and always, God is triumphed. Never failed one time, and can't fail, because it's God. Now, if it was me, it would already be... I'm a failure to begin with, see, but He never fails.

**14** Just a moment. [Brother speaks aside, "Didn't I pray for an epileptic a few minutes ago?" Was it a woman or man?"] Where's the woman at---was an epileptic---was prayed for? Oh, there. That's not it. That struck again in this audience. Here it sits, right here. Won't you accept it, sister, as your healing? Almighty God, I pray that You'll be merciful now, and will heal her. And may she be well from this very hour. Satan, leave the woman. In the name of Jesus, the Son of God, come out of her. God bless you, sister. May His mercy be upon you. Have faith. Believe in God. God shall bring it to pass, see. That spirit was sneaking around, trying to do something.

**15** Now, here's something. [Unclear word] . Is that right? I never seen you in my life. Is that right? You've had a life of suffering, very much disappointments, even as a child, as a little girl. You had one when you was a little child, as a girl---isn't that right?---when you was in school. Is that true? You were wearing a little checkered dress. Is that true? And now, you have a growth. That growth's in the back. Is that right? Now, is those things true? ["Yes, sir. That's right."] Every word of it true? Now, that wasn't me talking; that was something else talking, see. ["That's right. You didn't know."] I never... How would I know what you did when you was a little girl, and how was dressed at school, and what taken place? I never s... I never knew nothing about that, but it's the truth. ["It's the truth."] And everything It said was positive the truth. Is that right? That's the Angel of the Lord that's standing here doing that talking. I was just... I didn't have no control of what I was going to say. Now, are you going to get well? Do you accept Him now as your healer? ["Yes, sir."] Almighty God, who brought Jesus Christ from the dead, I lay hands upon our sister and ask that she goes from here and be a well woman, in the name of thy ... Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. Cursed be the disease of this woman's body, in Jesus Christ's name. [Unclear words.] God bless you, sister. Now, look. Go and be of a good courage. Go shouting, go rejoicing, praising God for your healing, believing God for it.

**16** How do you do, sister? Do you believe with all your heart? Of a morning, when you move from the bed, you can't hardly do it. That back is in such a fix. Is that right? Stepping down from a curb, you go easy as you go off the curb. Is that right? Go, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Do you believe, sister? To look at her, you think she's a very healthy woman, but you aren't. You have heart trouble. Is that right? Another thing: You're very mental... You see, it's a menopause, something, that's it, the time of life. You get distressful feeling. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? You have female trouble, too. Isn't that true? Once upon a time [unclear words] , you have a pain down mostly on the left side. I see you holding yourself down on the side, especially from the bathroom. Is that true? Is that truth, every word of it? Then what was that that went down through to those secret places that nobody in the world knows nothing about? But God alone can reveal it to you---what you've done in your life. Is that right? Now, do you believe me to be God's prophet? The Lord Jesus has healed you now. You go on your road, rejoicing. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**17** Come. How do you do, little lady? Do you believe me to be God's prophet---His servant---that is anointed with the Holy Spirit, and is...? If this Spirit is of Jesus Christ, It'll testify of Jesus Christ. Is that right? I have nothing to do... I'm just like that light, there. It isn't that light; it's the current that's in the light. Is that right? That's right. Then, when Jesus talked with the woman at the well, He went right straight to her trouble, and told her what it was. Is that right? She then believed, and went, said, "Come see a man who told me what I've done." Is that right? He never told her all she done. He told her where her trouble was. If God should now reveal to me your trouble, will you accept Him as your Saviour and Healer? I mean, Healer. You are a Christian. Will you accept...? You will? You have female trouble. Isn't that right? That's right. Now, go and do as you have said, and you'll get over it right now; it's a abscess on the ovary. God bless you. Go, and may the Lord bless you. All right. Come, lady.

```
John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**18** Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that now ... not your brother. I'm your brother. I'm just your brother, but God is your Saviour. Do you believe that you're in His presence? You do. Not because I'm here, but because I'm just representing Him. Is that right? Coming between you and I... Yes, you have stomach trouble---definitely. And you believe, now, that He'll heal you of that? Do you accept it now? Almighty God, I pray that You'll heal the woman. And may she go from here a well person through Jesus' name. Amen. That's a nervous condition. That causes a peptic condition: sour, and it's inside. That's right. You go on, now, and just believe. If He knows what was wrong with you, what you done, He knows what the outcome will be. Do you think He tells me the truth? If He wouldn't, how would He let me know what was wrong? Isn't that right?

**19** You knew that woman. You knew her life. And, was that just exactly the truth? Every word of it? Plumb back yonder from a little child, plumb down. Is that right? She never even, maybe, told you some of those things? And you know her to be a right woman. Now, as it was with her, so is it with you. Go, and the Lord be with you. Now, be happy, rejoice. You got yourself in a condition. You've been prayed for before, many times, see---that's right---in meetings. But, what you're trying to get a hold of something. It's right on you now. This is your hold. When you're up in here, see, then you drop down here. And when you're down in here, you're moody, and low, and nervous, and upset. You have real upset spells, like that, you know, mental conditions, you know. What makes you feel, well, just all wound up. Now, see, and you get... First, you think, "I got my healing." Then you drop down here and you say, "Oh, I lost it." Sure, because you let yourself drop down here, see. Stay up here. Stay there till you put a ring around there. Go on. God bless you, now, in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**20** Come. How do you do? The Lord bless you. Do you believe that these things that you see and hear comes from the Lord Jesus Christ? Yes. Of course, there's one thing ... seeing you shaking, brother. Without vision, or without anything at all, I know you got palsy; I see you shaking. It's a nervous condition. Well, now, let's you and I talk just a moment. And maybe the Lord Jesus would show me something else about you that... And, of course, you're wearing glasses. Of course, it'd be something wrong with your eyes. Anyone can see that, see. But, maybe there's a... Yes, sir. Between you and I comes blood dropping. It's anemia condition. Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. God bless you, my sister. And, may the Lord Jesus Christ make you well. God bless you. Go believing now with all your heart.

**21** Come, lady. How do you do, lady? Come here, just a minute. No, mother, I want you to raise up. Raise her up. Don't lay down. Look here to me. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe what you hear is the truth? You're getting awfully sick, aren't you? The reason you're doing that, is Satan's trying to rob you. If you'll believe me to be His servant, tonight's your deliverance. You've come a long ways to come here, haven't you? That's right. And don't you suffer with something like arthritis, or something, that's real... It's in your back, and up and down. Isn't that right? This woman's bothered with her back, too. Isn't that right, lady? Now, it's in the kidneys, here. But yours is arthritis. You have TB, also. Do you know that? Do you know that? Mother, in the... Put your hands around her, dad. Almighty God, look at that old couple sitting there, Lord, like old dad and mother. Poor thing, sick, suffering. Satan, come out of her! You're exposed! In the name of Jesus Christ, leave the woman! Come out of her! God bless you, lady. Do you believe your kidney trouble is gone? You do? Say, you've had a desire to serve God, too, closer than what you've walked with Him. Isn't that right? ["Yes, sir. It is."] You've been praying on that the last few days. Isn't that right? And when you was standing there on the line, you was afraid I was going to tell you that when I got here. Then, come up here. Now, you just go and believe with all your heart. Is that the truth? It's the truth. Now, how would I know what you was praying, and what you was doing in your heart? Now, you go, believing with all your heart you're going to be a well person. Believe with all your heart.

**22** You had the same thing she did, in the kidneys. As you was going across the platform, you was both healed at the same time. Let's say, "Praise be to God!" Believe, sister. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll make her well, and heal her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Are you believing? You have cancer, don't you? Do you want to get over it? You must believe God now, or you'll never get over it. Do you believe that He'll make you well? Stand up on your feet and accept your healing then, in the name of the Lord Jesus. You go, too, sister, believing with all your heart. Have faith in God! God shall bring it to pass. How do you do, sir? You know me? ["No, sir."] I don't know you. ["No."] Do you believe me to be His prophet? I mean the prophet of the Lord Jesus Christ that He said that He would set in the church? Do you believe that? [I sure do.] Wouldn't you like to go home and eat like you used to? [I sure would.] Have a good, solid meal? In the name of Jesus Christ, if you believe this, go eat what you want to. Have faith in God!

**23** Mother, do you believe in God? Do you believe that He's here to make you well? All right. If you believe it, if God will help, and your faith will rise up to a place right now, that heart trouble will leave you. Would you like to get over it? Raise you hand, say, "I accept it, Lord Jesus." ["I accept it, Lord Jesus."] God bless you. Go in the name of the Lord Jesus. May you be made well. Hallelujah! Praise the Lord! Do you believe? Out in the audience, do you believe? Somebody this way look and believe. What about you, lady, sitting there with... 'Course, I see your eyes are crossed. Do you believe with all your heart? Say, look this way again. It's more than that. I don't know whether you know it or not, but you're suffering with cancer, also. Do you know that? If you knew it, stand up to your feet and accept your healing. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, be healed.

**24** What do you do out there in the audience? Do you believe? Pray, believe! What about you, lady, with your... The elderly lady with her hand raised up. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Yes. Do you believe with all your heart? If God here, right here, will reveal to me what's wrong with you, will you accept it? You're asthmatic condition. Isn't that right? Is that right? Raise up your hand, and say... All right. Stand up and be healed, then, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Accept your healing. How many in here wants to accept their healing right now? Say, "I want to accept my healing." Back up in here, you want to accept your healing? Anywhere in the building, you want to accept your healing? Then, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of the Living God, I ask every devil, doubting spirit in the room, to be broke, and cast away in the name of Jesus! Stand up! Accept your healing! Be healed! Hallelujah! Stand to your feet! Believe Him!
