---
Date: 1953-09-02
Title: Testimony
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 30 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Testimony



**1** Thank you, Brother Boze. I could just've listened to that a while. That's very fine. I'm sorry that I was late tonight. The manager called me up and told me to come a little early tonight. And I forgot about it. And I was just going ahead praying and I happened to look up and I think, "Why, here it's..." I looked at my watch and I said, "Well, my! it's quarter after, I got to hurry." And here they was standing out there to meet me when I come in. So they said they was going to dock me. So I guess that's fine. All right.

**2** Well, we're happy to be here tonight. Very happy and sorry that the weather keeps on like this. But we understand that tomorrow or the next day it's going to break, according to the weather man. I hope that he's right. But whatever, the Holy Spirit will meet with us just the same. He never fails us and He'll always be here just the same. I love Him tonight. And I know you do too, don't you? I'm very happy that everybody's in love with Jesus. And He's in love with every one of us. That's the good part (Isn't it?) that He loved us before we loved Him. When we were real ugly behaving and contrary to God, yet He loved us. That's sounds bad, doesn't it? To think that ... Brother Ryan, I don't know whether I could suffer that very long or not: Somebody being so ugly and different with me and still I love them.

**3** Here one time (hasn't been too long ago) I was having a meeting up in Ohio. And oh, the big arena was packed and we was just... I had to stay way out in the country at a tourist court. And we'd been eating at a little Dunkard restaurant. Oh, it was the nicest people and the people were so kind, and we appreciated them so much. And then Sunday of course they closed up. We had to go across the street ... or, across the road, to a little place. It was a very worldly little place, had one of them little noisy juke boxes that everybody played. Brother, the guy that will take them out of the nation, I'll vote for him. I sure will. And all that there crazy music going on. And so, as soon as I walked in over there, the first thing I noticed was a policeman standing with his arm around a young lady, playing a slot machine.

**4** And that's illegal in Ohio, to play a slot machine. But the law... Then the next thing I noticed was, looked back there and a young lady very indecently dressed, and sitting on the side of the table about half drunk, and some boys with her. And looked sitting down to my right, there was an elderly lady about, oh, sixty-five, I guess. And she had a little ... very half-nude clothes on, you know. And her lips was painted with blue-looking paint, and her toe nails the same color. And, oh, my! I thought, That's terrible. And I begin to think, Is my little Sarah and Rebekah going to have to be raised up such as that? What will be the outcome? I thought, O God how can you stand to look at it? Looks like you'd just turn on and blow the world up.

**5** And then while I was standing there looking at that, I was criticizing that woman, I was criticizing the officer---in my heart. But I had never taken a seat yet at the table. And then just seemed like Something said to me, "Step over here to one side. I want to talk to you." That was my Boss. And when I stood over there, and I begin to think like this. And it just seemed to come to me that ... before me, not a vision; just a mental vision, I'd call it. Seemed like I could see the world; and around the world was a rainbow. And that rainbow represented the blood of Jesus Christ. And if that blood would ever leave there, God couldn't look at the world a second. He'd destroy it. That blood of Christ is the only thing that keeps the wrath of God off us tonight. Did you know that? If it wasn't for that, there'd be no more world in five minutes from now. God cannot look in the face of sin. And the reason He can't see the world is because the blood of Jesus Christ is holding it off---the sin.

**6** If God can look in and see such a scene as that, it'd be finished. He's too holy, He couldn't stand it. Then... But the blood of Jesus... Then here's what come to me. I thought to see the blood of Jesus, how it acted as a bumper. Just like to the car. The car instead of, when it strikes, it will hit the bumper, and the bumper will protect the car. I thought, That's what the blood of Jesus is. It's a bumper for our sins; that before it goes before God, He catches it. It's a bumper." And I thought, Oh my! Here I was criticizing that woman. I may not have did that. I may not have acted like that policeman was acting. But yet, in the sight of God, I was a sinner just as bad as they was. Just as bad as the woman sitting there. Sin is sin. That's all, see.

**7** No matter what your immorals are, you're a sinner. You're just a sinner. And so, I thought, Yes, and God would have destroyed me if it hadn't been for the blood of Jesus Christ, keeping my sins from His presence. And then Something come to me and said, "Yes, I forgive you, but you want to condemn her." I thought, God, that's right. That's right. I seen my sins then, and one day I crawled up to Him, and I seen an old book laying there, it had William Branham at the top and all kinds of sins wrote under it. And I said, "Lord, I'm so sorry that I've caused You all this bleeding." And His face sweating and blood running down.

**8** And I said, "I was the one who did that. Would you forgive me?" And He took His hand and dipped it in His side and wrote on that old book "Pardoned," throwed it back behind Him in the Sea of Forgetfulness. Never to remember it against me no more. That's right. Now He forgave me and I wanted to condemn her. That changed my attitude. I walked down there to the woman. I said, "How do you do?" There was two men with her and they were very, very bad acting. And so they just stepped out. And I walked down and I said, "Would you pardon me?" And she's drinking. And she said, "Yes, sir." I said, "I'd like to talk to you." I said, "I'm a minister." She said, "Yes?" And I said, "I am." I said, "Wonder if I could ask you a question. Why does this be like this? Are you a mother?" She said, "Yes sir." I said, "Why would you be drinking and things? May I ask, if it's not getting too personal with you?" Well, if you'd have heard the woman's story, it was a heart-broken story. And she said, "I was once a Christian." Said, "If I'm not mistaken, aren't you Rev. Branham that was down there?" I said, "I am."

**9** And I told her what I'd just seen. I said, "I stood here and condemned you, and thought God ought to come in and tear the place up, with such as this going on, but I've changed my mind. God forgave me. And I won't even forgive you." And right there at that seat, I led her to Jesus Christ. Amen. See, it's your attitude towards things. Don't condemn others. If they do wrong, be good to them anyhow. Just look over those things, because God has had to look over a whole lot for you and I. That's right. God help us to have that attitude always in our hearts. You pray for me that I'll never look upon people like that no more, no matter what they're doing; that I'll always look up on them that they're creatures of God; that God sent His Son to take their place. And me as a minister, I'm grateful that He forgive me. And I want Him to forgive them also. That's the way we should do it.

**10** In Isaiah the 53rd chapter we read this: Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of ... dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrow, ... acquainted with grief: and we hid as it was our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he has borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquity: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid up on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he was brought as lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he opened not his mouth. He was taken from prison ... from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: and for the transgressions of my people was he stricken. And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was there deceit found in his mouth. Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, and he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand. May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word. The prophet Isaiah getting a vision of what Jesus was, who He was, and what He would do; and what a sin offering He was made.

```
Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?

Isaiah 53:2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.

Isaiah 53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.

Isaiah 53:4 Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.

Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

Isaiah 53:7 He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.

Isaiah 53:8 He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: for the transgression of my people was he stricken.

Isaiah 53:9 And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.

Isaiah 53:10 Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand.

```
**11** It's awful warm tonight. So I believe instead of preaching as a I said I would... My preaching: I'm not very much of a preacher. I'm just one of these old kind of sassafras (we call it down in Indiana, you know.) So you're too nice of a people to have to push that off on. So I'll just testify, and tell you something maybe that the Lord has did along our journey. Now, I want to think of some of my early days. When I first started out in the great campaigns, the meetings had a lot of tinsel then. Of course, everybody was running here and there. But now, of course it's different than what it was then. The pastor, Baxter, my brother and I were talking the other day, thinking, said, "Look at the great things, what's happened, then look how it settles down." God gives a meeting and then He finishes up His things. We think of Jesus Christ, when He was here on earth. His first years of His ministry, oh, the tinsel was hanging everywhere. The second year of His ministry, they'd begin to accuse Him and call Him "Beelzebub" and so forth. The third year, they killed Him.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

```
**12** See, that's the way it goes always. The first years of the Pentecostal church, it was wonderful. Right away there was a persecution come in the second year and scattered them everywhere. The third and fourth year they begin to find people---just a little bitty groups, like there was five men besides four or five women. That was a church. See how it is? It's always that way. Just God sends out a great gospel net and He throws it... The kingdom of heaven is like unto a man who went to the sea and threw in a net. And when he drew the net in, he had everything that wallowed in the sea---he had it in the net. He had fish, he had turtles, he had water spiders, he had serpents, he had everything. Now, it's not our business as preachers to say, "This is fish, and this is that." We just pull the gospel net, and then it isn't long (when you see a revival go on) many people get saved and praise the Lord. But see, some of those are fish. And some of them are ... we'd say "turtles." It isn't very long till you'd say, "Well, I didn't believe there was anything to it after all." And here he goes running right on back into the puddle again.

```
Matthew 13:47 Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:

```
**13** The old water spider, you know. Plop, plop, plop. "Told you that wasn't right after all." Away he goes back to the water. And the serpent will start hissing, saying, "I don't like the way they do these things." Sss-Sss. Right on back to the water it goes. But there's some fish in there too. God knows. They're fish by nature, he's a spider by nature, he's a serpent by nature.

**14** And God is the one who does the election and the calling. And it's just our business to preach the Gospel. Is that right? God does the calling. One plants, another one waters, and God takes the increase. Now remember, it was a very hard thing at first when I first started out preaching divine healing. Oh my! I remember what the bishop of the church told me. Why, he said, "Billy you had a nightmare. You never seen no Angel." I said, "I don't appreciate that, Brother Davis." I said, "No, sir. To me it's sacred and it means a-lots to me." He said, "You mean you with your grammar school education is going to pray for kings and monarchs?" I said, "That's what He said. It will be that way." Said, "Go on, Billy." And so... I said, "No, I'll just give you my fellowship card while I'm standing here. Because I'm not going to be using it anymore, I'm afraid." So, he said, "Oh, I wouldn't think that way." But, I said, "Well, we just might as well." I said, "If God is sending me, there's going to be somebody out there's going to receive it." That's all. God will never work anything here but what He's got something working there. Do you believe that? Absolutely.

**15** Today I was thinking. And a man in his heart ... as he thinks in his heart so is he. Then I was thinking of how that the first beginning of the meetings, after I got started out, some of the events that happened, how people would have dreams and come to the meeting; how a great revival was in its making and stirring. And now it's just whirled out, went all around the world and everywhere. And tonight, even many of the Full Gospel churches are condemning divine healing and saying, "There is no such a thing. It's witchcraft and everything." People who ought to be standing up for the powers of God. But you know what God does? He just sets that organization on the shelf and moves on just the same. Doesn't stop Him a bit. It's always. All organizations will finally wind up over there in Babylon. Just like the Bible says they will. God out of the whole bunch... The very word church means "called out." "Come out from among them, my people, that you be not partakers of their sins." That's exactly right.

```
Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

2 Corinthians 6:17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

Revelation 18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.

```
**16** Now, I remember one time in Jonesboro, Arkansas, is one of the thrilling things that just come into my mind now. It happened on a night... I was having services at the auditorium, and there was so many people had gathered out there till the paper said we had twenty-eight thousand. Well, if the paper said so, they were all there. Every one of them. And so they was for forty miles near Jonesboro. You couldn't even get a farm house. They had tent cities and everything, to take care of the people, for the accommodations. When they began to see the marvel of God's great power to reveal things... It was all new. They just went right out. But now they seen it so much till, "Well, Lord, if that's all you got, well, I'll wait for something else." Oh, my! That's people, isn't it? That's people. But I remember I hadn't seen my wife for about two months or three. And I had a little girl, my first little girl, which is... They'll be on the road up here tomorrow. She's seven years old now. She was just a little bitty fellow when I left home. And when I come back, she didn't even know me. I'd lost most of my hair and I'd fell off a lot of weight, about twenty pounds, and stoop shoulders. And her mother would tell her, say, "That's daddy." My picture on the dresser. Said, "That's daddy."

**17** And when I come in one cold day and walked into the place. We lived in a little two rooms. And my wife was in there, and we was talking. And I said, "Where's the baby?" Said, "Asleep in the next room." So I went in to the little old crib. And I never will forget. I woke her up. And those big blue eyes looked at me, you know, and she was scared of me. That hurt me. And Mother picked her up and handed her over to me. She said, "That's daddy." She got back. That wasn't her daddy. She'd look over at the picture; didn't look like her daddy. So, well, look, friends, I was preaching the Gospel. I was doing the best that I knowed how; as I'm doing tonight. Some glorious day it will be different over on the other side when we all get home. And I had broke down. I was staying day and night in the platform. Stayed one time for about four days and nights or more, without even leaving the platform, praying for the sick. And there were more people at the end of the meeting, many times more, than there was when we started. And just no end to it, praying for the sick.

**18** And great things were taking place. I remember one night there, there was a lady came up, she had her handkerchief like this. I thought she was crying. It was about three or four o'clock in the morning. And just as soon as I took a hold of her hand and was talking to her... I thought she was weeping. I said, "Oh, lady, you got cancer---haven't you?---on the nose? And she pulled the handkerchief back, and her whole nose was eaten off. And I said, "Do you believe that Jesus will heal you?" And she said, "I have just left Memphis." And she said, "The doctors told me over there the other day, there was no hope for me now. It'd done got such a straight ... start, rather, till the radium or nothing would stop it."

**19** And oh, I thought, That sure is too bad. And just a little bit after that, why, I prayed for her. And about three or four months from then, I was over at Texarkana, and was in a little meeting there. And the first thing you know, I seen somebody waving at me back there, and waving at me, and I didn't know who it was. This young fellow jumped up, he was an exterminator there, and he raised up. He said, "Brother Branham, I just can't hold it any longer." I said, "What's the matter, son?" And he said, "This is my mother. Do you recognize her?" I said, "No, I don't."

**20** She said, "I was the woman who didn't have any nose about three months ago." She had another nose. God had healed her. It had growed back. And I have her name and address and her testimony. And the trouble ... the thing was, she was doctoring, she went back to her doctor. And he said, "Oh, my!" She said, "What did it look like now?" Said, "Why, say." Said, "What's happened?" She said, "I changed doctors." Said, "Well, who did you go to?" She said, "I went to Dr. Jesus." He said, "Dr. Jesus?" Said, "Let's see. Where does He practice at?" Said, "I don't believe..." My! Isn't that something? Oh, my! But many things happen along. I remember another night there that something taken place. I was at Little Rock and there was in a Rev. Mr. Brown... If you'd like for this testimony, just write Reverend G. H. Brown, 505 Victor Street. V-i-c-t-o-r, Victor Street, in Little Rock, Arkansas.

**21** We'd been praying. And, oh, the newspapers had give me the awfullest write-up, saying that I'd blocked... Had the ambulances out there. Said, "A self-style, nattily-dressed Baptist preacher." Oh, you never heard such in your life. And they had the streetcars blocked off in the streets from the ambulances. And I'd been praying for about two or three hours. And Rev. Brown come to me (which is one of the sponsors on the meeting), he said, "Brother Branham, when you get finished, down at the bottom of the auditorium," he said, "there's a case like you've never seen before." I'd been praying for the sick then about three or four months. Seen many things in that much time. And he said, "When you get a chance to take a little breath..." I was going to pray for them all night anyhow. Said, "Come down. I want to show you something like you've never seen before." I said, "All right." So after awhile I went down to the steps. And now, friends, when I got down...

**22** I'm just telling these things for God's glory, you see. For the glory of Jesus Christ, that you might know some of the things that's happened. Oh, millions of things ... oh, I wouldn't say millions, but many thousands of things, anyhow, has happened. And I went down at the bottom of the steps. And there laid a lady, laying on the floor. She was dressed with like shorts. And she had both hands sticking up like this and her feet sticking right up. Laying on her back. Just laying there like that. I said... There was a typical old Arkansas brother standing there, and he... I said, "Is that your wife?" He said, "It is, Brother Branham." I said, "Why is her legs bleeding like they are?" Said, "Well..." Said, "She's from the insane institution." Said, "She was going to the time of menopause. And she had a baby born and it threw her into a premature menopause. And the doctor give her some shots and it went to her head, and so she went wild." And she'd been in the insane institution two years. And he'd heard about (from over in Mississippi) a soldier's mother that had been healed and taken out of the institution. So, he said, "I brought her."

**23** Said, "Brother Branham, I've got four little children at home." And he said, "And we've sold our farm and everything," he said, "to try to get her well. And she's taking treatments." And said, "Then today," he said, "I sold my mules." He said, "I had to bring her down here." And said, "They let me bring her out, just over the night." And said, "They couldn't get her in an ambulance. And I'd taken some brothers up there. And five of us got her out of the place and put her in a car." And said, "That's where she kicked all the glasses out of the car coming down. Where five men couldn't hold her." And when they got her in the building there. Brother Brown said she'd just taken the place. She'd just throw men every way. So, when they'd let her down, though, she'd lay on her back and just throw her hands and feet up like that. Her eyes set real glassy. And that's the way she stayed. Why, I said, "That's too bad." I said, "I'll walk out and take a hold of her hand." He said, "Oh, Brother Branham, don't you do that." Said, "She'd kill you." Oh, I said, "I don't think so." And just a boy like on the way. So, not having too much dealing with demonology. So, he said, "Brother Branham, I warn you. Don't do that."

**24** And I said, "Oh, I don't think she'd hurt me, brother." And I walked down a little step like that, walked out on the floor. She was laying there with her hands up. I said, "How do you do, sister?" Took a hold of her hand. And just as I took hold of her hand, she just gripped down like that. And she gave a pull like that. And she pulled me practically off of my feet. And she would have threw me across the room. Why, she would have weighed about a hundred, oh, I guess seventy or eighty pounds, and that demon power. Did you ever see a person possessed with demon power? They got four times their strength. Well, if the devil can give you four times strength when possessed with him, what about possessed with the Holy Ghost? How much power could God give you, see?

**25** That's the reason you're afraid, you people that's crippled. Don't be afraid! Fling away them crutches, and get up and start off. God's with you. If He's anointed you, He'll give it to you. That's right. Be anointed with the Holy Spirit. And then, when this woman, she jerked me like that. And I almost come off of my feet. And I threw my foot like that and caught her right across the breast like this. I caught ... and it pulled my hand out of hers. Well, I ran back towards the steps again. He said, "I told you, Brother Branham." And she started making a real funny noise, going "Hee-hee, hmm-hmm-hmm." And she started crawling like a snake on her back. Just a real... You could hear her dragging, you know. Just drag, drag, like that across the floor, concrete, like that. And she got against the wall, put her great big strong limbs against the wall, and kicked like that. And when she did, she hit a seat and her head hit like that. There's a seat sitting there where the people had been sitting in before they brought her there.

**26** And it broke the seat ... the bench, it was. And the hair and blood come out of her head. She just started making real funny noise. Picked up that thing in her hand like that and threw it at her husband. And just knocked the plaster off the wall where it hit right by the side of where he was at. Said, "See, Brother Branham?" Said, "Now all hopes is gone." Said, "What can I do?" And the poor old fellow started crying, put his arms up around me like that---old patched overalls on. I felt so sorry for the boy. And I said, "Well, brother... Look, the only thing I know to tell you, that this Angel that met me told me that if I'd be sincere and get the people to believe, when I prayed, that He'd heal the sick." I said, "Do you believe that?" The simple faith to believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, cast out devils. And He has gone up in to the Father now, and He's here in the form of the Holy Spirit. I said, "I believe He's the same Jesus today that He was then." I said, "I don't have to tell you what's wrong. You know what's wrong." He said, "That's right."

**27** I said, "Do you believe if I'll ask God, God'll do it?" He said, "I do." And about that time, she turned around on her back. She said, "William Branham, you haven't got nothing to do with me. I brought her here." Come crawling up towards me. Why, her husband turned, said, "Well, what's this?" Said, "That woman don't even know her own name." Said, "She hasn't spoke a word in two years." I said, "That wasn't her. That was that devil. See, that's that devil. He knows that he's going to have to leave the woman if you will only believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, right now." And he kept calling like that. "You have nothing to do with me. I brought her here." So, I said, "Now, you agree with me." He said, "All right." I said, "Heavenly Father, in the name of Your Son Jesus Christ, make that devil leave the woman." So, she never talked no more. He said, "What shall I do?" I said, "Take her on back after service is over. If you believe, it's got to happen." He said, "All right."

**28** So, about three months after that, I was up here at Jonesboro. And I happened to see somebody back there waving. And I didn't know who it was, sitting right out like that. And they was waving at me. And it was the woman sitting there. She said, "Don't you recognize me, Brother Branham?" I said, "No, I don't." She had her four little children all sitting around. She said, "The last time you seen me, they told me that I was bleeding all over and I was out of my head." And he had took the woman back. Had no trouble taking her back, she sat up. And the second day, when she was in the institution... I said, "Let them dismiss her." So, the second day, they come to her and she was sitting up. The third day they give her a discharge from the place, sent her home in her right mind, see. That's right. Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. In that night... I have just about time for about another little short testimony.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**29** My wife had never seen one of the meetings. And I sent for her to come down. I was so lonesome. And so, she came down. And Brother Reed... This was at Jonesboro. And T. Richard Reed could give you the testimony of this. The Blessed Old Bible Hour Tabernacle; he's the pastor of it down in Jonesboro, Arkansas, if you'd like to get this testimony. And then, I remember that night when we started the meeting, for three city blocks standing in the street, you couldn't... The cops was there. Just letting them as they would pile up like that and block off the sides. And keep up. And my wife said, "Did all these people come to hear you preach, honey?" I said, "No, honey. They come to see Jesus." And the little fellow stood there. She's very backward, holding my hand, crying. And she sang this song: Oh, they come from the East and West, They come from the land afar, (You've heard it.) To feast with the King, to dine as His guest. How happy these pilgrims are!

**30** And she was standing there singing that for me. And then the ushers come forth and said, "Brother Branham, they'd been waiting." And so down... I never knowed what become of her. And they got me into the building. And just as I got in there, I happened to look down. Oh, the ambulance stretchers and everything laying. There's two nurses by a little girl here. She had TB. And I could just feel that something was going to take place right there. And while I was watching it, there was a man standing over on this side with a blue uniform, kept waving his hat. I said, "Are you trying to talk to me, sir?" He said, "Yes, sir." Said, "I've got a case out here that she's dying. And I think she's already dead." Said, "I can't find a doctor anywhere." And said, "We had a doctor there, just a house doctor." And said, "I think she's already dead." And said, "Would you come to her?" I said, "Brother, there's probably two thousand people back in there." I said, "I don't believe I could do it." And four or five ushers stepped down and said, "Well, we'll help you get up there." We started out. Got out to the ambulance where... Oh, there was about eight or ten ambulances setting in the row. And this is a big ambulance.

**31** The man told me said, "There's been a man had been healed that morning, blind---been blind for ten years. And he was prayed for, told him he was going to receive his sight. And on the road home that morning, his eyes come open." He was riding an old Model-T Ford up them rough roads in Arkansas. And he begin to scream. They stopped the car and out and around and around the car he went screaming. He run into the city, Kennett or some little place down in Missouri, that little boot-hill type of Missouri there. And he run and went into the church, the Catholic church, and begin to testify and they throwed him out. And he had his hat hanging on his black cane like ... or, his white cane, rather, his black hat, going down the street screaming to the top of his voice. Used to be a shoe cobbler there. And he was going down the street screaming and praising God. He went into the Methodist church. They throwed him out of there. They didn't know... He was taking the city. Now, I tell you, he was... And they had everybody in the hospital wanting to come down and be prayed for. So, the ambulance said, "I've got to go back." And said, "I've got to..." So we got in there and when... I said, "Well, now you just open the door." We went in and a very typical old dad there, his old hat sewed with twine, wrapping string, you know, around.

**32** Those Arkansas people are poor as they can be. But, brother, under them old blue shirts beats some real good true Holy Ghost-filled hearts. Yes, sir. I'd rather have one of them with me any time, than maybe a slicker with his collar turned around in the back. And I couldn't trust him out of my sight. Yes, indeedy. Yes, indeed. Just, I tell this old time religion, brother, it straightens you up. That's right. It will make a silk dress and a calico put their arms around one another and call "sister." Is that right? It will make a tuxedo suit and a pair of overalls call each other "brother." That's what it'll do, brother. It'll clean you up. It'll make no difference in you. It tears down that self, and starch, and pride, that we've got.

**33** And, so then I remember getting in there and he had the soles of his shoes was out. He was kneeling down hollering, "O God, give her back to me, God." Poor old fellow. I happened to think of my own old dad when I see him gripping that hat like that. I said, "What's the matter, dad?" He said, "Who are you?" And I said, "I'm Brother Branham." He said, "Oh, Brother Branham," said, "mother's such a sweet woman." And said, "I've lost her I'm sure."

**34** And I said, "Well, what's the matter?" So I took a hold of her hand and her eyes were set now. But I do not think she was dead, see. And her false teeth had been taken out. And laying down. Like muddy-looking water had come down from her eyes. And her eyes were set right back. Real old woman. Not real old, but past the middle age; I'd say sixty-eight, seventy, somewhere along there. So she was laying like that. And I said... And I felt of her. Her forehead was sticky with perspiration. And he said, "She just quit breathing a while ago, Brother Branham." Said, "Oh, she's a good woman." Said, "She's hired over them old clods and helped to make me a living." Said, "We raised a bunch of children." And said, "She took this cancer." And said, "The doctor has worked faithfully. He's done all he could do." It was in the female glands. And said, "There's nothing more he could do." And said, "We sold her quilts to get the ambulance to bring us down here." The quilts that she had made.

**35** I thought, O God. I said, "Well let's pray, brother." And I took a hold of her hand. And I said, "Heavenly Father..." I was going to pray for consolation. I'll confess it. I thought the woman was gone. And so, while I was praying I felt something grip my hand. The devil said to me said, "That's just the flesh you know. She's dead and that's just the nerves twitching." And I went ahead praying a little bit longer. I felt a twitch again. I looked. I kept praying, but I was looking over at her. And the old man was down on the floor crying, "God, give me back mother." And I was holding her hands like that. And then I happened to look again. And I seen the skin on her forehead wrinkling. And she looked up at me. She said, "What's your name?" And I said, "I'm Brother Branham." She said, "Well, we come down for you to pray for me." And I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "I feel so good." I said, "Would you set up?" And about that time he looked, the old man looked at me hollered, "Mother, mother, mother!" The tears running down his poor old whiskered cheeks. And he grabbed her like that and they began to hug and kissing one another. And oh, three or four months later, she was in the meeting down there testifying, just shelling the woods with that testimony.

**36** So, I started to go out and the usher said, "Why Brother Branham, you couldn't get out." Said, "There's thousands of people that's banked in here." And so, I said, "Well, if you'll just act like you're taking off your coat now. They won't notice me and I'll slip out this other side. And you send them ushers around. Nobody knows me back there in that parking lot." Just standing full of people and it raining. Just pouring right on down. They was standing out there anyhow. Holding papers over their children and things like that. Been laying on the streets for five or six days at a time like that. Laying under cotton trucks, anything they get. They love the Lord. They come to church. Brother, they love Him and they believe Him. And then I went around the back of the place like that. I looked like a hypocrite to do that, but I just couldn't get in to where they was all at. And the poor things just almost stampede you. So, he started taking off his coat like this. And I slipped out the door and went up down through that ambulance row, come around in the back, and started in up there.

**37** Big flood lights was back in behind the place. And they had a bunch of chartered buses sitting like that. And I was going along through there, pushing along you know like this. And nobody knew me, nobody had seen me yet, because they couldn't get near the building. They'd stayed right in that building. What was in there, kept their places. And so, they send someone out to get some sandwiches, or somebody hold their place while they had to got out and come back, you know. They was holding their place. Then I was thinking as I went along there. Somebody kept saying, "Quit pushing. Quit pushing." I said, "Excuse me." Just kept on you know pushing along. I pushed up beside of a great big tall fellow standing there whittling with his knife. And I pushed right under him like that. He said, "Quit pushing." I did because I was afraid he was going to push. So, I said, "Excuse me, sir."

**38** And I stood with my hands down like this. He looked down at me kind of sarcastic like, you know, and kept on whittling. I said, "I'm sorry." He never said a word. Just kept going. I said, "Yes, sir." I watched and I thought, Well, I'll start pushing again in a few minutes when he gets to thinking about something else. So I looked around. So after a while I heard somebody hollering, "Daddy! Daddy!" I wonder where that was. It sound like a southern voice of the colored people. Usually all the Southerners talk a whole lot alike. And I happened to look and coming out in the midst of people, more than there is sitting here, standing in that back parking lot, was a young colored girl. Now, down there they have a law of segregation---Jim Crow law. And the white and colored cannot come together. And so... I don't think that's right. But so, that's wrong. I just don't say that for any respects for our colored friends here tonight, but I don't care if there is nobody here. That's wrong. That's right.

**39** And I'm a Southerner but that's still wrong. I'm a Abraham Lincoln man. I believe that God made us all the same. That's right. And I seen the girl coming and I seen her eyes was as white with cataracts as my shirt. Nobody would help her. She was just pushing through the crowd hollering, "Daddy! Daddy!" like that. And I thought, Poor old thing. And I thought, I believe I will get over to see what she wants. Nobody knows me. And I was watching for those ushers to come around the corner. They was trying to get through the crowd. So I pushed up close to where she was. And when she started this way, I'd get over this way, so I'd get right in front of her. And so that looked like awful to do that. So she bumped right in to me. She said, "Pardon me." I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "Pardon me, sir." When she heard my voice of being a man. And I said, "What's the matter?" She said, "Sir, I've lost my daddy. I can't find him." Said, "I's blind. And I can't find my daddy." And I said, "Well, where you from?" She said, "I'm from Memphis."

**40** And I looked over and I seen the chartered bus sitting there from Memphis. I thought, I can get her back there before them ushers... If I can't, I will let one of them get her over there." She said, "I come over here from Memphis." And said, "I lost my daddy." I said, "Well, I don't see any more colored people in this crowd of people." Said, "Oh, will you help me to get to the bus?" And I said, "What did you come over here for?" She said, "I come over to see the healer." I said, "The what?" She said, "The healer." And I said, "Do you believe that?" I thought I'd test her faith right good, you know. I said, "Do you believe that?" She said, "Yes, sir, I believe it." And I said... Well, that made me feel little, you know. So I said, "Well, do you believe in the days of all these great fine doctors and hospitals, that God would send an Angel down to earth and would heal people?" She said, "Yes, sir, I believes it." I said, "How did you ever hear about it?"

**41** She said, "I's hearing this morning on the radio a man up here at Kennett, Missouri, that had been blind ten years and he got his sight." That was him testifying on the radio, see. And she said, "I's come over, we formed a big committee and we come over by the bus." And she said, "They tell me this is the healer's last night here." And said, "I can't even get near the building." And said, "I've lost my father. I's blind. I just don't know what to do." And I thought, Poor girl. She wasn't... She was in her teens---seventeen, eighteen years old. And I said, "What's wrong?" She said, "Well, I got cataracts." And she said, "The doctor told me when they were ripe, he would take them off." But said, "Now since they got ripe..." Said, "He says he can't take them off, because they're wrapped around the optical nerve of my eyes. If he'd take it out, he'd have to take the optical nerve with it." And I said, "And you believe that that healer would heal you?" She said, "Yes, sir. I believe it." And I said, "Well look at the doctor." She said, "They can't help me." And I thought of that song of old blind Fanny Crosby: Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others thou art calling, Do not pass me by. And I thought of it. I said, "Oh, you don't believe that kind of stuff, do you?" I questioned her again. She said, "Sir," she said, "I perceive that you are a white man. I believe that you're a white man." I said, "Yes ma'am."

**42** She said, "If you'll just help me in to where that man's at that's praying for the sick, I'll be able to find my daddy after that." Oh-h! That was too much for me. I thought I'd been hypocrite long enough. I said, "Look, lady, now keep... Hold your peace." I said, "Do you believe that guy's the healer?" She said, "I believe Jesus is the healer." I said, "That's right." I said, "But I'm Brother Branham." She said, "Is you the healer?" And I said... She grabbed me right by the lapels, like that, of the coat. She said, "Is you the healer?" I said, "No, you said Jesus was the healer." She said, "Yes sir, but---but---but---but---but you is the Parson Branham?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." And she said, "Oh, have mercy on me, Parson Branham." She said, "Lord, how did this ever happen?"

**43** See? Out there, and how did this ever be? God knows how to do it. And I said, "If you'll turn loose of my coat now." I said... And I couldn't pull it. No, sir. She wasn't going to turn me loose. No, sir. She was holding me right tight. She said, "No, sir." She said, "I might lose you here." And I said, "No, I will pray for you," see. And I said, "Let me have your hand just a minute. I want to hold your hand while I pray for you." I said, "You bow your head now." And she did. And I prayed something like this.

**44** I said, "O Dear God, some nineteen hundred years ago an old rugged cross come dragging down through Jerusalem, dragging out the bloody footprints of the bearer. On the road up to Calvary, the weight was so heavy, the big old cross on His little weak shoulders, it rubbed it till He fell under the load. Then along come Simon the Cyrene---colored man---picked it up and helped Him bear the cross." I said, "Lord Jesus here's one of his children tonight staggering here in total blackness and darkness. She can't see her hand before her. Lord, You know what it meant for that man to take that load off of Your shoulder that day, and to help You to bear that cross." I said, "God, You bore her sickness at the same time You was bearing that cross up yonder." I said, "I ask Thee now..." And just about that time something come over me. I knowed it had happened. I knowed it was gone. I waited just a minute. Now, wonder as Brother Baxter gives you the instructions in the afternoon here. When a demon... See, a growth is a demon. And it's living, building cells. And just the life leaves it, but it will shrink. Then after a while it will swell and get bigger than it ever was. But the life's gone out of it. It'll leave you, see.

```
Matthew 27:32 And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.

```
**45** And if you don't know those things you sure can't... You don't understand divine healing, well, there's no need of trying it, because it's just a try anyhow, see. If you're trying it like that. But if you know what's going to happen, then your faith is centered. Then you've got to get sick before you get well. Because that growth is in you and your blood stream has to take... Think of a piece of growth that big on the inside of you---well, in plain: rotten. A lump of meat like that laying in you. Sure, you have fevers and sickness and everything. Some people say, "I lost my healing." Well, that's the best sign in the world, you've got it, see. And so I was waiting for that shrinkage to come on that cataract, so she could see. She had her head down. I said, "Don't raise your head now. And don't make any noise." I said, "If you do, then..." I was watching where my ushers hadn't got there yet. So I said, "Now, as you raise your head, keep your lids over your eyes till you get just about even with what you think with my face. And I will tell you when to open your eyes." She said, "All right." That'd give her time, then she raised her head. I said, "You're just about even now. Now do you believe?" She said, "Yes, sir." She said, "Something cool went all through me." I said, "Now you can see just a moment." And she said, "Oh, Lord." The tears running down her dark cheeks like that.

**46** And I said, "Now open your eyes. You've received your sight in the name of Jesus Christ." She opened her eyes. She said ... light. She said, "Is that light?" Said, "What's this?" See, it wasn't too thin yet. She couldn't tell daylight from dark. But it shrank, you see, when the life went out of the cataract. She said, "Is them spots ... is that people going?" I said, "That's right." She said, "Oh, Lord, I who was once blind now sees." And she give a big scream and jumped out like that.

**47** And about that time the ushers was coming around over at the corner. I started to go back this way to meet him. And there was an old brother standing there. His one leg was setting out like this. He had a big club in his hand. He'd been watching that drama. And he was standing there like that. He said, "Brother Branham, I know who you are." He said, "I've been standing in this rain eight days." He said, "I've got a bunch of little children at home." He said, "Will you ask God to heal me?" I looked at his leg. I said, "How long has it been that way?" He said, "A wagon run over me when I was a boy." And said, "I've got to work to make my children a living." Said, "I've been standing here eight days in this rain." I said, "Do you believe with all your heart?" He said, "With all my heart I believe you're a good boy. And whatever you ask God, God will do it." I said, "Give me your crutch in the name of Jesus Christ." And as I stand here a living testimony before God, that crooked foot straightened out like that. He leaped out a jump like that, and up in the air he went, screaming to the top of his voice. Yes, sir. [Break in the tape.] And as I started up through there... The women to that time... Now my mother's sitting here. My wife will be tomorrow night. She gets after me when I say this.

**48** When I was first started out, I didn't even have a suit of clothes to wear. Now that's true. My brother, as a young boy, he'd had a wreck; and he took a suit and it tore; it'd been torn up in a wreck in a car. And he give ... start with. And I had the old coat on and the trousers that was cut in several places. And Meda and I (that's my wife) we went down to the ten-cent store and got some of them patches, you know, you iron on with a hot iron, you know? And we'd iron some patches on them. And the coat was tore here on the pocket on the right-hand side, tore down that way. And I got me a needle and thread. I'm not very much of a seamstress. So, but I sewed it all up the best I could.

**49** And when ministers would come, you know, dressed up nice and everything, and I wanted to meet them. They'd say, "Brother Branham, this is so and so." I was afraid they'd see that old tore pocket. And I'd hold my right arm over it like this, and I'd give them my left hand. I'd say, "Excuse the left hand; it's closer to my heart." Hold my left hand like that. And that old ragged coat. But as I was going down through there, those poor, with this world's goods... Yes, cotton pickers, so forth, standing there. But I got a glimpse in there and seen how Jesus Christ revealed the secrets of the heart. See how He made... They had faith.

**50** And they were pressing and taking their little children, and touching that old ragged coat to get healed. Let me tell you, there wasn't a one that was touching but what was getting healed. Now it wasn't the old ragged coat, brother. It was their faith in Jesus Christ that was making them whole. That same Lord Jesus that was there that night's right here in Chicago, Illinois tonight, here in Chicago Gospel Tabernacle. And just a touch of His garment, by faith He will make you well of whatever is wrong with you. Do you believe it? Our Heavenly Father, oh, when I think about those glorious red letter days, how that You were merciful and kind to the people. How they rallied by the thousands. You healed them till they'd take big cattle trucks and pile it full of wheelchairs and stretchers and cots. The people marched through the streets singing: Only Believe. On the other side of Jordan some of these days when we sit down there, we'll meet many of them, talking about the great things that You did here on earth. And my heart goes back tonight, thinking of that night when that poor colored girl standing there received her sight. Years later, meeting her again there as a waitress, working. God, how thankful I am in my heart that You are the resurrected Jesus. And tonight this old world shook to pieces, trouble on every hand, the whole world's nervous, atomic, and the bombs, and hydrogen bombs hanging over us. Fearful enemies, Lord, who---it's right in their hands---could destroy the whole nation overnight. The world a tottering.

**51** Oh, but, God, look yonder. You've died yonder at Calvary and has redeemed us and got Your blessings with us. And God there couldn't be an atomic bomb fire out here now. In two minutes we'd be in Your presence. Standing yonder, made in His likeness, sons and daughters of His, to live with Him throughout ceaseless ages. Nothing can harm us. And all things work together for good to them that love You. And Father there's many of Your sick children here tonight. I pray that You will heal every one of them. And as they leave this building tonight, may they go rejoicing and happy and be made well of all their infirmities. And may there not be one feeble person left in our midst. Grant it, Lord. May something special happen tonight. Just something out there that the Holy Spirit will just fall over the people in such a way till they just can't keep from receiving it hardly, Lord. Grant it. And may they have a deep understanding. Open up their hearts and understanding, Lord, to know that these things are only to the glory of God, and for the edifying of God's church which Jesus Christ purchased with His own blood. For we ask it in His name. Amen.

**52** What's your prayer card tonight? B? All right. I didn't get to ask Billy tonight. But he and Brother Baxter both was standing out to pick me up when we come in. I was late. He said he give out prayer cards B. All right. Let's not line too many at a time. Listen, if one person in this building... The Bible has been preached. That's first and the initial, right here. It's got to be "Thus saith the Lord." And if God said so, that settles it. Remember, the Word of God will defeat Satan anywhere, anytime. Just say, "It is written. It is written." That settles it. Satan will have to flee. "Resist the devil and he will flee from you." Now, do you want me to tell you the first thing before we get ... while we're getting the prayer line lined up ready. Do you want me to tell you what I think is the matter with Chicago here, what's the matter with the people? I'll tell you just what I think. I think you're lovely people. This is one of the nicest...

```
James 4:7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.

```
**53** When I get started praying for the sick, there seems to be a bank of faith sitting right there, till in so much, that I can hardly pick out just when the Angel of the Lord... I see it like a pillar, a fire-like hangs out over the person. And I'll watch and I'll see what it's going to do. And it'll open up. Then I'll see who it is. Then I'll look down and see what's the matter with them. And then see who the person is, see. I can't do it myself. It's just who He says. It's not what I say. But you certainly have good wonderful faith. I can feel that. And I believe it. But here's what you're afraid of: You're afraid to turn that faith loose. That's it. You're afraid to act your faith, see. Don't do that. Faith without works is dead. Just say, "Thank You, Jesus!" That settles it. "I'm going right on now believing You," see. Now these signs... I know I've been accused of being an astronomer, a soothsayer, or a devil. Oh, my. There's nothing can hardly been in the dictionary but what I've been called. All right. But that doesn't make any difference. They called the master of the house "Beelzebub," so I can expect that. But, my Christian friends, I have never professed to be anything than a servant of God. I'm just a servant and only that, a sinner saved by grace. That's all, see.

```
James 2:17 Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.

James 2:20 But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?

James 2:26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.

```
**54** There's nothing in the world that I could do to help you. Now by preaching I could tell you what the Word says. Brother Baxter does that. And then with a divine gift, if God will permit, it will do the works that Jesus did. Now, Jesus didn't profess to heal the people. He said He only did what the Father showed him. But He did perceive their thoughts. Is that right? What if I told you Jesus Christ was a mind reader? How many would believe me? Oh, just a very few. But he was. Oh! Oh! That met some opposition, didn't it? All right. The Bible, said Jesus, many places, "perceived their thoughts." How many says that's true? Can anybody tell me the difference in perceiving thoughts or reading a mind? If He knows what you're thinking about, what's He doing? Not one of these psychic mind readers the devil's got out here to impersonate. I mean something for the glory of God. Yes, sir.

```
Luke 5:22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?

Luke 6:8 But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**55** The Urim Thummim was something that the lights flashed on a breastplate of Aaron here over the twelve stones as the Urim Thummim was over it. Now, the devil went and got a crystal ball to look into, see. The devil's got a pattern of everything God has got. The Bible says so. Yes, sir. So, you'd look out there, but "By their fruits, you shall know them." The devil doesn't preach the gospel and get people to be healed, and saved, and accept Jesus Christ, and baptize them. Why, certainly not. If it is, he's in business with God. Jesus said, "How...? If Satan cast out Satan," said, "then his kingdom's divided." Is that right? "No man can do a miracle in My name, can speak light of Me." When the disciples said, "We found one casting out devils and he wouldn't follow us." Jesus said, "Don't forbid him to do it. No man can say ... do a miracle in My name, can speak light of him."

```
Exodus 28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.

Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Matthew 12:26 And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?

Mark 9:38 And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us.

Mark 9:39 But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me.

Luke 9:49 And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us.

Luke 9:50 And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us.

Luke 11:18 If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.

```
**56** Now, I know He said, "Well how about that day that I said, 'Many will come to me and say, "Lord, Lord, I ... haven't I cast...?"'?" Yes. They said it. But Jesus said, "If you did, I know nothing about it." That's these pretenders that you find, see. Just pretending to be. Jesus says, "'Lord, have not I cast out devils and have not I prophesied in Your name,'" preachers and so forth. He said, "I didn't even know you." Didn't know nothing about it. They just pretended that they did. But this man was getting the job done, that was casting out devils. He was really getting the work done. So Jesus recognized him.

```
Matthew 7:22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?

Matthew 7:23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

```
**57** These just said, "Oh, I did this, and I did that," but it was wrong. They just said they did. Jesus didn't recognize it. But in the name of Jesus Christ there is power. All right. Let's call from... Let's take the first twenty-five. Whose got B card 1? 1-B card? Just raise your hand, wherever you are. All right. B-B-1? All right B-2, B-3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, on up to 25. Let's make that... I believe that's where we stood last night. And now as the meeting goes on, we're going to try more and more, if we possibly can, to get more in the... Now that's B. Did he say B or D? B. Was it B? B, yeah. Excuse me. B-1 to B-25. What you say? All right. All right. Thank you. All right. Now as they're lining them up... Now look over and then he'll let me know after a while. We'll start the prayer line. Brother Boze, you bring the lady if you will. [Break in the tape.]

**58** How many believes with all your heart? Lord, I believe; help Thou my unbelief. Merciful Father, manifest Your presence and glory tonight in this building, that the children of men might go away from here saying, "Truly, God has raised up His Son from the dead, and showing signs and wonders in our days to call a Gentile bride out for His name's sake." We ask this blessing through Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**59** [Piano is playing.] It's all right. I like that. How many believes there's power in music? There's some churches don't believe in having music in the church. Well, that's all right. I won't argue with you that. But look, my dear friend, one time there was some preachers ... or, some kings that went out and made an alliance and went out into the desert and was going to do a great work out there and kill some people, and they never sought God. So, the first thing you know, they went down to Elijah the prophet to find out about it. And the prophet got all angry. He got angry. Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. Is that right? He had his ups-and-downs. He wasn't an angelic being. He was a man. Big old rough-looking fellow, hairy body, and his hair sticking out like one of these fuzzy worms, and his beard out like that, and a piece of leather wrapped around his body. If he come up to your house begging, you'd run away from the door perhaps, see. But beneath that little old brown skin, beat a heart that was true to God. That's right. And he looked at him. He said, "If it wasn't that I respected the presence of Jehoshaphat," the believer, "I wouldn't even look at you." Is that right? But he said, "Nevertheless, bring me a minstrel."

```
2 Kings 3:14 And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

2 Kings 3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
**60** And when the music begin to play, the Spirit of God come upon the prophet. If it helped bring the Spirit on the prophet then, it'll do the same thing tonight. Don't you think so? That's right. All right. All right. Now, the Lord bless you now. And everyone be reverent. Sit quiet. Have faith. Don't be disturbed and just look this way. And when God does anything, you believe with all your heart that God is going to do the same thing for you. And if you do that, then God will bless you. Do you believe that? All right. Now, have faith. Now, I suppose you being the lady first in the line, why God is... Do you believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ, the son of God, has risen from the dead? [The lady says, "Yes."] And you do. And you believe that these things that we're... Is this your first night in the meeting? ["I was here last night."] You was here last night. You seen the way the Holy Spirit revealed things? ["Yes."] All right. Now, you just come in awhile ago and they give you a prayer card, and happened to be your number is called, and here you are up here on the platform. Is that right? ["Yes, that's it."] God bless you. I believe you have faith. Now, if Jesus Christ is in the building, then He could... If He was standing here with the coat that I have on, standing here, He would know what was wrong with you. ["Yes."] But now as far as healing you, He'd tell you that He already did that when he died at Calvary. He'd test your faith. Is that right? ["Yes."] He'd test your faith to see... Do you believe that he'd say, "Do you believe that I died for you at Calvary to heal you, or to take away your worries or whatever is wrong with you." See? ["Yes."] But you'd believe he'd tell you that? ["Yes."] Yeah, see? And then if you believe what he said, that would settle it, wouldn't it? Now here's the last words...

```
2 Kings 3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
**61** Do you read the Bible? ["Yes, I do."] What was the last words that Jesus said when He left the world? Here's what He said as He was being taken up: "These signs shall follow them that believe. In My name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up serpents or drink deadly things, it shall not harm them. And if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Is that what He said? The first commission He give His disciples was to heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. "Freely as you receive, freely give." Matthew 10. The last commission He give to His disciples was heal the sick also. And He's interested in healing, isn't He? ["Yes."] Now, after He'd put it in His Word, and you being a Christian ... all things has to work for good then, if you're a Christian. Well, then if you be sick, then it's got to be for some glory. It's got to be for God's glory. It can't be for nothing else, see.

```
Matthew 10:8 Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**62** And, now maybe it's for a testimony, that you could testify to your people and tell them what great things Jesus is did. ["That's what I desire."] That's what you desire? ["Yes."] God bless your heart. You're very sick. You've been examined by an examination recently, by a doctor, and it was from your back. It's a ... it's a cancer. And it's on the spine and rectum. Is that right? Yes. My! Sister. Oh, yes, that's your boy sitting there. ["Yes."] He's sick too. He has hemorrhages of the nose. I seen him wiping blood from his nose standing in the yard. You both want to be healed? ["Yes."] You want to be healed, sonny boy? All right, let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Your Word said, "They lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." Now, I rebuke the enemy, the devil, this demon that's killing this woman. Come out of her in the name of Jesus Christ. And may the Holy Spirit heal her little boy. In Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. Now, when you go down there, lay your hands on your boy and say, "Thank You, Lord." Let's say, "Praise be to God." Do you believe with all your heart? Thank you. Amen. Hallelujah! I believe he will never have another hemorrhage. Finished.

**63** This is strange to you, isn't it? And what makes you so upset, you're bothered with nervousness anyhow. That's your trouble. You believe He will take it away from you? ["Yes."] It's your age, and this time there's probably only one remedy for you. That's Christ. That's a horrible thing. It's the worst feeling anyone could have. There's nothing like feeling that distressed, you see. But Jesus Christ can make you well. And remember, there's not a remedy in a doctor's book for it. Why? It's oppression. Demon oppression, like a dark shadow hangs, it's always causing you to be that way. But He will heal you if you can believe. Will you believe? ["Yes."] Let's bow our heads.

**64** Lord Jesus, I pray that You will heal the woman. Let her go from here tonight and be made well. Grant it, everlasting God, in the name of Thy Son Jesus. Amen. God bless you, lady. Now go thanking God being happy and God will grant it. You having faith? Now remember, friends, it's your faith. There's nothing that a man can do to heal you. A Man has already healed you. You just got to believe what He's done for you, see. Do you believe, lady? All right. Let's you and I talk just a moment then. If you're a believer, I believe that is truth. You have a wonderful atmosphere. But you're suffering. You have ... you've had... Your trouble is bad enough to you, it's just... You've been to a doctor. And I see him doing something, writing on a... Oh, it's a heart trouble. You have heart trouble, don't you? ["Yes."] And he had something around your arm; it's a blood pressure. ["Yeah, that's right."] And it's very seriously: about three hundred. ["That's right."] Is that right? ["That's right."] I see him shake his head and walk away. He thinks you're going to have a stroke at any time. ["Yes, he does."] That's what he said to you, you see. Now, who was in the room there to hear him say that and come back and let me see it right here before me now? Jesus Christ. Is that right? ["That's right."] Then He's interested in you, isn't He? ["I know He is."] You believe you'll never have a stroke now, will you? ["No, I don't think so."] God bless her now. May her faith be confirmed in Jesus' name. Amen. Go believing with all your heart. Amen.

**65** Let us say, "Thanks be to God." Believe with all your heart, you shall see the... Everybody in here ought to believe right now. Everybody in here ought to accept their healing just at this time. Believe with all your heart. How do you do, laddie. My, I like boys with hair cuts like that. Do you love the Lord? You do. Well, I think you're a fine boy. And any boy that loves the Lord, and loves his mother and father, I think that's a good boy. I think he can't go wrong doing that. Now, what if Jesus was here tonight and you was standing before him, as you are Brother Branham? Now, Jesus would know just what was wrong with you. And He'd come over and pick up children, as He did, lay His hands on them and bless them. You'd get well, wouldn't you? [The boy says, "Yes."] That's right. You would get well.

**66** But, 'course Jesus has went away and has sent back His gifts into the church. Is that right? Mighty young to have that, son. Have a coughing, asthmatic like in the throat. Isn't that right? Asthmatic cough. Laying down many times, you have to raise, it just coughs you and hurts you so bad. That's a horrible thing. God bless you, little boy. You've got a very tender spirit. That's your mother sitting right there, isn't it? Do you believe too? That's your little sister sitting right there, also. She's got sinus trouble. Isn't that right, honey? Your mother has hay fever. Isn't that right? She has dropsy, also. God bless this little lad with his tears running down his cheeks. Let the mother stand and the little girl stand. While the Spirit of God is here tenderly, put your hands over on mother, sister, and mother to the girl. Our Heavenly Father, let Thy mercies come now to these people and may they go from here tonight, and all of them get well. Grant it, Lord. I rebuke the devil that's binding them. May he come out of them in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Look, little lad, catch your breath. See, your asthmatic condition is gone. If all this dust on the floor and things like this, you'd be coughing your head off if you'd catch that. You're healed now. God bless you. Go, and may God be with you. You believe, sir, if I just ask God and God will heal you. [The man says, "Yes, sir."] In the name of Jesus Christ may the healing power of God strike your body and make you well. Amen. Now, go believe Him with all your heart. Saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus."

**67** All right. Would come, sir? What do you think? Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you believe with all your heart? [The man says, "I do."] Would you like to go home and eat your supper? ["Yes."] All right. Go ahead. Jesus Christ will make you well. God bless you. May God bless you. Now, you're going to serve him? ["Yes indeed."] All your life? ["All my life."] All right. God bless you. All right. Come, lady. Believe God will heal your eyes and make you well? ["Yes, sir."] You do? Will you accept your healing now from Jesus Christ the Son of God? Lord Jesus, I pray that You will heal her. And may she go from here tonight and receive her sight in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. God bless you now. Go believing with all your heart. Would you come? If I didn't say one word to you, you believe that you're in His presence now? While you're in this building, you're in His presence. Is that right? And you accept your healing? Then that female trouble has left you. All right. Now you can go, and God's peace be with you. Let's say, "Praise the Lord."

**68** Do you believe sir? [The man says, "Yes sir. I'm a minister and I'm threatened with eye trouble that it'll seriously handicap my ministry."] You're a minister and have eye trouble? ["Yes."] And stomach trouble? ["Yes."] So, just go on off and eat your supper and praise God and preach the Gospel. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Oh, thanks be to the Lord Jesus. My soul cries out and magnifies Him, who is the Author of my life and your life. He is the Author of everlasting life, the giver of every good gift, and sweet and lovely to those who love Him. No wonder He's so... Oh, I love to pour the adoration of my heart to Him. It's joy unspeakable and full of glory to serve Him. Never do I have a desire for anything else but to serve our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

**69** You want to get over that foot trouble, brother? You do? Stop smoking cigarettes then and serve the Lord; you can have it. Will you do it? All right. God bless you. Go on then, get well. Amen. The blessings of God rest upon you all. Hallelujah! Something strikes my soul and sways me when I know His presence is around. Oh, what a feeling! My clothes fit me right. Everything, when I know that He's near. You may call me a fanatic. That'll be all right. If it takes fanaticism to believe Jesus Christ, then I'm a fanatic. Amen. I love my Lord. And I know His blessings is with us. And we are the sheep of His fold. Let us come into green pastures and eat to our heart's desire. Amen. Praise the Lord. Would you come, lady? I know. I see what's wrong. Now, you just have faith and just believe there, with all your heart.

**70** How do you do, lady? Yes, that's the colored lady I was speaking to. Just have faith there, brother. Jesus Christ is present now to make you well. Do you believe? All your heart? Had quite a time getting here, didn't you? [The lady says, "Yes, I did."] A lot of traffic on the road, isn't there? When you got behind that bus, that was terrible, wasn't it? You're awfully nervous, aren't you? Got a lot of temper that causes that nervousness. You're trying to get rid of it. You've got a lot of domestic trouble too that's bothering you. Isn't that true. Yes. Your boy back, your daughter---step-daughter---left with him. She's got a foul spirit. She went somewhere with him, to a country where they'll see there's great great trees, big pine trees. It's on a... It's near a lake or a seaside or something another. Say, I'd say Washington or something like that. Along in the state of Washington. Is that right? ["Tacoma."] Tacoma. I thought it looked like along that Puget Sound. Do you believe that she'll be healed? You believe that the boy will return? ["I believe it. I want him back."] Will you accept: Jesus Christ promised that all things work together for good. ["Yes."] And you're ready to quieten yourself down and submit yourself to his will? ["Yes."] Come here. Let's pray together. Lord Jesus, be merciful to this woman and may Thy Spirit come upon her and may she be made whole, Lord. Give to her the desire of her heart. Grant these kind blessings, our Heavenly Father. In the name of Thy Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

```
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.

```
**71** Now, go believing. Go rejoicing, being happy. Now look lady, if God Almighty can reveal your life here before this audience. He certainly... If He knows what was, He will know what will be. Is that right? Now, don't worry. Worry hasn't got one bit of value to it at all, see. What would worry do any good? But faith does do good. So, have faith. God bless you. All right. Come, lady. Do you believe? You want to get over the asthma? [A lady says, "Amen."] All right, just accept Jesus Christ now as your healer? ["Hallelujah! Amen."] With all your heart? ["Amen."] Now what you got on your mind, is he going to lay hands on me? Yes. Come here. All right. Lord Jesus, You said, "According to your faith." I pray that You'll heal her now, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go out thanking God and get over it and don't bother it anymore.

```
Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

```
**72** All right. Have faith in God now. Believe with all your heart. And you shall receive all your blessings. Amen. Now I'm not reading the people's mind, as some of you thinking out there now. That's wrong. Here. This is a man standing here. I've never looked at him. Put your hand on my shoulder, sir. Can God reveal to me what's wrong with you? [The man says, "Yes sir."] Want to get over the asthmatic condition too? You do. All right. I've never looked you in the face. So, I couldn't be reading your mind. You got asthma. You're nervous. Go on off the platform and be well, in Jesus Christ's name, see.

**73** It's vision, friend, not reading mind. It's vision. Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. All right. Come. So nervous, eye condition bothering you, stigmatism. You want God to make you well? [A lady says, "Yes."] He has done it. You believe it? All right. That settles it. Father, thank You for her faith and may she go from here and not be troubled anymore, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go rejoicing, mother, thanking God and you shall receive just exactly what you've ask for. Wonderful, wonderful, Jesus is to me, The Counselor, Prince of Peace, Mighty God is He: Saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame, Wonderful is my Redeemer, praise His name!

**74** Do you believe? You believe that arthritis is going to leave you now and you're going off the platform well? Just hobble right on off the platform, stomping your feet up and down. Don't give in to it. Go on, that's right. Amen. You believe Him now with all your heart? All right. Come. How do you do? You believe? [The lady says, "I certainly do."] I believe that, mother. Your trouble is in your eyes, isn't it? ["Yes."] Cataracts over your eyes. ["Yes."] There's something strange about you. Do you believe me as God's servant? ["I do."] I believe that. You've been a traveler, haven't you? You're a missionary, that's what you are, you've been over many waters. Is that true? ["Yes, around the world three times."] Around the world three times? ["Lived in all the mission fields."] All the mission fields. God be with you. My sympathy goes for you. And my admiration goes for you.

**75** You've got some... You're connected with somebody that's an official in a school, or son-in-law or something. It's Asbury College. That's where it's at. You're a Methodist, aren't you? From Wilmore, Kentucky. Is that right? God bless you. O God, give this woman her sight. I pray that the cataract will die and this woman will be well. God bless this old handmaid of Yours, who has traveled the seas. And may she be healed in Jesus Christ's name. I ask the demon of darkness to never blind these eyes over, that she will see yet to glorify Jesus Christ, in His name we ask it. Amen. God bless you, mother. Go on your road rejoicing now and be well. Let's say, "Praise be to God." All right. Come, lady. Hallelujah! What was it? What was hers? What happened if something another? [A man explains what just happened.] Oh!

**76** How do you do? Do you want to get over that old nervous condition and go home and get well? Be made whole? You believe God will make you that way? [Lady says, "Yes, I do."] Lord Jesus, may Thy hands of grace and power be laid upon her. May she go from here tonight and be healed sound and well. I pray that her faith will not fail, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go rejoicing now and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." That's the kind. Amen. All right. Come, lady. Do you believe Him with all your heart? [Lady says, "Yes."] Believe that God will make you well? ["Yes."] That's the way to believe it.

**77** Bless be the Lord Jesus Christ. A vision appeared right here. It's somebody that's sitting right in here somewhere. I couldn't see the face well. That's got something wrong with their hands, kind of a breaking on their hands. Right in here somewhere. I seen somebody had a ... was something on their hands. It's a blood eruption. That's what it is. Blood disease or something that's making it... Sitting right in there. Oh, yes! No wonder I ... that's... God bless you. All right. Now, do you want to get over the heart trouble? [A lady says, "Yes, I do."] Go rejoicing saying, "Thank You, Lord!" and get well. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord."

**78** Now, how do you do, sir. Do you believe that God will make you well? ["Yes."] Get over the heart trouble? And you also are anemic? Is that right? Will you believe that God will make you well? I heard your doctor what he said to you. Go, accept Jesus Christ as your healer and you shall have it. God bless you, my brother, in Jesus' name. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Hallelujah! Have faith now. Be reverent. Believe with all your heart. Bring the man. That's kind of a bad place there, isn't it? It's the rug down there. Yes, sir. All right. We are strangers, sir. We are. I don't believe we ever met in life. But God knows us both, doesn't He? Yes, sir. He does. Now as far as your healing, Jesus Christ has purchased that when He died at Calvary. I'm just His servant, to try to help you to have faith. You understand that, don't you? Yes, sir.

**79** You're seriously ill, sir. You have been operated on. You was operated on for a gall bladder condition. Yes, sir. Now that's... Look at there at the shots. My. Let's hold right here to the side of this... Yes, sir. In the operation, they found something else, didn't they? [The man says, "Found a cancer."] Yes, sir. And it was in the intestinal tract. ["That's right."] You believe God will heal you of that? ["Yes, sir."] You do. If I will ask Him and you'll believe Him, then it'll have to happen, won't it? Now, look, sir. You realize that you just got ... the doctor told you six months. Is that right? ["Six months to a year."] To live. You know that within a few moons, you're going to pass to the other side. You only have one hope, my brother. ["I don't care if I can't get well, I'd wish to go in the morning."] Certainly. ["I'm ready to go."] But, what would you do if He let you live? Testify of Him and glorify Him? [I'll go anywhere He'll send me."] God bless you. That's the way to feel. That's the way. Sir? All right. Now, let us pray and ask Him. Lord Jesus, the Son of God, as this dying man stands here before me, confessing that he has accepted You as his Saviour. He believes in You. I pray, Father, that You will bless the man and will heal him. And may the doctors be surprised when they look back at him again and saying, "What's happened to you, man?" Then he will give praise and glory to Thee. For we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, my brother. God bless.

**80** Say, I want to talk to you just a moment away from the microphone. That's right, see? You going to stop that? Give it up to God? God bless you. See, God had to reveal that. God bless you. Just go rejoicing. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Amen. Blest be the tie that binds our hearts in Christian love. Do you believe with all your heart? Hallelujah. The Lord bless you, my sister. Only believe. Have faith in God. Got a back trouble that's hurting you there. You just kept holding on to God. You were crying out to Him or praying, believing that God would make you well. Having faith. Isn't that right? All right, sir. See, He's heard you. So, don't worry no more now. God's peace be upon you. Sitting there with a stomach trouble, second one in back there, if you want to be healed too, just believe God. God will make you well. Standing right over you now. And a table setting there where I know you're refusing your food. Yes. You believe that He makes you well? All right, sir.

**81** The lady sitting next to you there too? Yes, there. Do you believe that God will make you well? All right. God be with you. That's right. Sir, you're for a very just cause. You want to quit smoking and go and be made well and healed of God? You're fixing to leave town tonight, aren't you? Fixing to go away. God's here to make you well, and send you away from here rejoicing and happy, if you'll just believe Him with all your heart. Do you accept Him now as your deliverer? Almighty God, may Your Spirit come upon the man. May he go away from here tonight and praise You the rest of his days. God, grant it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now go rejoicing saying, "Thank You, Lord." Every person sitting in here tonight should be well right now. Do you believe that, young man sitting there in the wheelchair? You do believe that? Do you believe that, sir, sitting over there in the wheelchair? Anybody can see what's wrong with you. You're crippled. See, it's these people that look well is the things where the mystery comes.

**82** Little lady, what do you think about it? You believe that Christ will make you well? How many sick people is in here? Raise your hand. Say, "I believe that Christ will make me well right now." I want to quote something to you. I want to do it... The anointing's not striking me so hard at this time, because I've skipped a few of them through there without saying nothing to them or watching for vision. So I could do this at the end of the line. There was in the Bible three lepers sat at the gate one time of the city of Samaria. It was besieged by the Syrians. And they were lepers. In the city, they were killing one another's children and eating the children. They'd eat all the bark off the tree and the grass off the ground.

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

```
**83** And these lepers said... Well, the Syrians had them besieged and they was starving them to death. Now they said, "Why sit we here until we die? Now, we got to do something. Now, let's see, there's only two roads." One of them led in the city. They had three things they could do. They could go into the city when the gates opened again. Or they could sit where they were. Or they could go down to the camp of the Syrians. Well, they said, "If we go into the city, there's no food there, because the people are eating one another's children. So, there's no food there. And if we sit here, we're sure to die. So, we only got one hope, that is, we'll go down to the Syrians. If they kill us, we're going to die anyhow. We're going to die. So, if we go down to the host of the Syrians, if they kill us we die anyhow. But if they save us, then we live." Now, they only had one chance and that was going down to the host of the Syrians.

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

2 Kings 7:4 If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.

```
**84** Now, what a chance that was---to an enemy. And them lepers. So, you're not in that position tonight. But perhaps, you're sitting in these chairs, you've got cancer, you're eat up with cancer, TB, and so forth. There's not a thing on earth that you can do about it. Your doctor has done all he can do. Medical science, everything has done all they can do. And if you're sitting there, you're bound to die in that condition. So, let's do something about it. We got a chance tonight. And that's not go down to the enemy's camp. But, come to your lovely Heavenly Father who has promised to heal you. You're going to die anyhow. So, let's come and believe His Word.

**85** He may save you. Not, He may---He will. He has. He's just only wanting you to believe it and exercise a little faith. Can you do that? Can you believe tonight for anything? Oh, my, brother, sister, if you could only take a hold yonder and say, "Yes, Lord Jesus, I believe it." If you believe it deep enough in your heart, there's not enough devils in this country to keep you from being healed tonight. "Heavens and earth will pass away, but God's Word shall never pass away." Is that right? Now, He said, "Whatsoever things you desire..." I have to watch over the audience. People are being healed sitting right along here, now. After I'm gone from here weeks, you'll still be hearing the people being healed, saying, "Well, that just left me, that just left me." It's happening all over the building right now. It does each night. I see it like that.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**86** If I go to looking close to it, then it's just one vision from another. And then I get so weak I can hardly go through the meeting. But let's you and I tonight rise and say, "Lord Jesus, I've sat here long enough. I'm coming to You tonight believing with all my heart that You're going to do it right now for me." Will you believe it? Now, I tell you what I want you to do. I want you to bow your head, everywhere. Now, I'm going to pray for you. Now, if you believe the commission of the Angel, He said, "If you'll be sincere, get the people to believe, nothing shall stand before the prayer."

**87** Now, look, friends. Think of King George of England, when he was healed with multiple sclerosis; we had prayer for him. Think of Florence Nightingale (her grandmother the founder of the Red Cross), was about sixty pounds of weight laid dying yonder with a cancer on the duodenal of the stomach, laying there dying. A little dove flew into the bush there and the Spirit of God come and said, "'Thus saith the Lord,' she shall live." And she weighs a hundred and fifty-five pounds in perfect health. Think of Congressman Upshaw, sitting bound in chairs and bed for year after year for sixty-six years. And right in a moment's time raised to his feet, run through the building, touched his toes, was perfectly made normal and well. Just think of the thousands and thousands of people that's been healed. "Why sit we here until we die?" Let's do something about it.

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

```
**88** Now, if God would respect the prayer... I'm asking each one, don't pray for yourself, pray for somebody else. Don't pray for yourself. I'm going to pray for you. You pray for somebody else. And then I'm going to ask the devil with one rebuke to leave every person here. I believe anybody that will believe Jesus Christ and accept Him and His resurrective power, will be healed tonight. Right here. You can accept it and go home and be well. I want you to bow your heads. Lord Jesus, I have tried with all my heart, Lord, in these past nights to explain, to bring to the people the love of God, that He had for them when He shed abroad the Holy Spirit in their hearts. They're lovely. They've sat in this hot building listening every night. But, Lord, I realize that there's one thing wrong: that Satan keeps making them wonder, "Well, am I sure it could be?" I pray Thee, Lord, that you will bless them and will heal them. And may Your Spirit be upon everyone, just now. And may the enemy lose his grip. And may women and men and boys and girls, those who are sitting in the building now, with one accord, Lord, look to You as we're praying one for the other.

**89** And I pray that You'll break the holds of Satan, that great spirit of unbelief. O God, knowing that he's the one that causes the enemy. He's the one that causes the defects. For all things are possible to them that believe. And when unbelief is existent, then God can't have the right of way. But, Father, may the devil flee tonight. Grant it, Lord. And now as Your servant, as I stand here in a representative way of Your vicarious suffering and bleeding and dying yonder at Calvary; when He was wounded for our transgressions, and bruised for our iniquity, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, with His stripes we were healed.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**90** Lord God, I believe that, and stand before Your people as Your representative. Hallelujah! As Your ambassador. And I say to Satan tonight, "You have no right to hold these people any longer." They are believing. Their hearts are melding in with God, yielding in with His Spirit. And now I rebuke thee, Satan, you devil that's making these people suffer. Come out of them, in the name of Jesus Christ. Do you believe that you're healed? If you do, rise up and give God praise and glory. Stand to your feet if you believe you're healed. Clap your hands. Say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus. Thank You, Lord Jesus." All right, Brother Boze. God bless you.
