---
Date: 1953-06-04
Title: The Angel of the Lord
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 1 hour and 16 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Angel of the Lord



**1** ... we thank Thee, tonight, for this inspiration: "Lord, I Believe." We think of the father who brought his son one day, who had a devil---epileptic. He said, "Have mercy on my son, for he is variously vexed with a devil." He said, "I can if you believe, for all things are possible to them that believe." Said, "Lord, I believe. Help, Thou, my unbelief." I pray to God that tonight that all unbelief will be taken away from this audience of people, knowing that we are, as Paul said, as days have gone by, "When I would do good, then evil is near." Then I pray, God, that You'll take away all unbelief, and let pure, holy, unadulterated faith in Jesus Christ predominate tonight in the services. Forgive us of our shortcomings, and help us, dear God, to be Your children, worthy some day, by His grace, to enter into the kingdom that is above. Bless us in every way. Save the ungodly tonight. Grant it, Lord. The backslider---bring him back home to church and to God again. Bring the wayward children back to the grace of God. Heal all the sick and the afflicted tonight, Lord. Bless Thy saints. May they rejoice in the glory of God, for we ask it in the name of Thy Child, Jesus Christ. Amen. You be seated. [Break in tape.]

```
Mark 9:17 And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;

Mark 9:18 And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.

Mark 9:19 He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.

Mark 9:20 And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.

Mark 9:21 And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.

Mark 9:22 And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Mark 9:24 And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.

Romans 7:21 I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.

```
**2** It's a pleasure to serve the Lord Jesus, to come into His courts with thanksgiving, and to make known His blessings to the people. I don't think there's anything greater to talk about in the world today than Jesus Christ. Do you think so? Someone said not long ago, said, "Brother Branham, you brag too much on Jesus." I don't think so. I think He's worthy of everything I could say about Him. I just can't say enough about Him, for I know that He's worthy of everything that I would say. And I praise Him; we ... and pray to Him, love Him. We just can't love Him enough.

**3** And now, tonight, this is about half of our services are finished, far as we know; and next Tuesday, I think, is the last night of the service. And we pray that many people who will look around, and consider, and see what our Lord has done. Watch the cripples when they're spoke to. I was telling this morning... Now the meeting always seems to me like I dreamed it. After the Holy Spirit comes, and kind of anoints---catches away---it seems as though I had a dream of it. Many times it's been said to me, "Brother Branham, I believe you'd be better if you'd just, simply just call the people up and pray for them." That might be so, but perhaps I have maybe tried to use the gift in another way. It seems to go so well in other countries, but America is the hardest place in the world to preach the Gospel. If there's a place... And I say this with reverence, with my hand on the Bible. If there's a place, if I knew that I was going away from this world tonight, if there's a place in the world ... or, a nation that I think that the Gospel is needed worse than anywhere I know of, is the USA. That's right.

**4** The educated heathen is harder to touch than the uneducated. Heathen is "unbeliever." And when they come educated, makes them horrible to touch. They know so much, that you can't tell them nothing. Where the man that's uneducated, he looks at you, accepts the Gospel, believes God, gets the results. But we try to figure it all out. You'll never figure God out. He can't be figured out. He's past finding out. God is not known by education. God's known by faith---by faith---and the only way you can know Him. If one-tenth of the things that's happened in this meeting would've happened in South Africa, or some of those tribes along there, there'd been tens of thousands of people saved---converted. But yet, we Americans walk away, and, as the Pharisees of old, say it was the devil---Beelzebub. Well, God can't pour His wrath on a just people. It has to be that condition before judgment can come. We're living in that day. God have mercy on us. No wonder Billy Graham said, "Why can't we have a revival?" Well, you can't have a revival by just on theology. You've got to have an old-fashioned, God-sent, sin-killing revival that gets people up to the altar, and they die out to self and sin. Then we have a revival. But just stand and say, "I accept Christ as personal Saviour," and sit down, that's mental.

**5** The new birth is an experience. It's a gift of God. It's a seal of your faith. The Holy Spirit is a seal. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed until the day of your redemption." God made Abraham the promise. And Abraham believed God, and was justified by faith. And God give him the sign of circumcision as a seal. So He does today. We believe Him. And then, if you say you believe, and do not receive the Holy Spirit, then you do not believe; because God promised to give you the Holy Spirit when you did believe. Now, in believing... You do not receive the Holy Spirit when you believe. Paul asked, in Acts 19, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed." It's a gift of God. And when the Spirit of God comes into a man, it quickens him. And then he becomes a new creature. He believes in the immortal God, and he believes that He does all things. And his heart's in tune with God, and... How wonderful!

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

```
**6** In the Scriptures, I want to read tonight... I was reading here today, which... I've been studying quite a bit in the Scriptures, because I know, perhaps after tomorrow night, I have to take the services over myself, for all of it. Always I miss ... I miss Brother Baxter. We've been together so long, Brother Baxter and I, till it just seems like he's just become a part of me. I miss him when he's at the platform. I've had some services recently by myself, and I look around for him. He's been my ... not only my coworker, but my pal. And he has to leave me now to go see about Africa, and India, Germany---many other places---Palestine, Trans-Jordan, for the overseas trip is coming up just as quick as we can get it arranged. We have to go through some governmental affairs before... They've already cut off all missionaries in India; you know that. So, by Mr. Nehru---having a dinner with him---gives us a little prestige to get to go into India.

**7** And now, I've been studying a little so I could have the afternoon services, and the evening services, also. Perhaps, during that time, and preaching, we may have some services just as we used to: Just call the people up and pray for them. It looks to me like if the Bible was read, and the Scriptures were given, and the people seen the Spirit of God move, looks like that ought to make a believer out of everybody. There should not be one shadow of doubt left nowhere. Now, in Africa and other countries, that's all they have to see---just one thing performed. If they'd see someone ... just the supernatural move of God, that convinces the whole entire audience. That's all they have to know. They believe it's right, and so they just accept it. They just start raising up off of cots, and stretchers, and wheelchairs; and throwing away crutches, and piling them up in the corners, and walking away, testifying to one another---just that simple. But now, he's got to see that it's real. It's got to come from the Scripture. Then he believes.

**8** In Acts the twenty-seventh chapter, I read these verses, beginning with twenty-first: ... after long abstinence, Paul stood in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this great harm and loss. But now I exhort you to be of good cheer; for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship. (Now, listen.) For there stood by me this night the Angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve, Saying, Fear not, Paul, thou must be brought before Caesar; and, lo, God has given thee all them that sail with thee. Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer; for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told unto me.

```
Acts 27:21 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.

Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**9** May the Lord add His blessing to His Word. The Angel of the Lord, coming to Paul in the hour of distress. Now, do you believe that angels die? They can't die. They're immortal beings. They are free from death. They cannot die. Now, then the Angel that stood with Paul is still somewhere in existence tonight. The God that was ... met Paul on the road down to Damascus, and shone around him like a big light; that same Lord Jesus is alive and risen tonight. There was a light that shone around. Is that right? A light. Perhaps, maybe, the same light that the children of Israel followed through the wilderness. A fire-light---pillar of fire---that led them in the darkness. I believe He's here tonight. I believe He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And His works... Now, you can say, "You can believe that, Brother Branham; that would be a theology." But if God confirms that to be the truth, then it's no longer theology; it's the truth if it is. It becomes a reality.

```
Hebrews 11:4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

```
**10** Hebrews 11:2 said, "God testifies of His gifts." A man can say most anything. And I will admit that there's been much said in the name of the Lord that is not of the Lord. But God would never testify, or vindicate a lie. God will always vindicate truth, and never a lie. God is not an author of lies and confusion. He's an author of peace and truth, holiness and righteousness, peace. God always testifies of the truth. And if someone comes by and says, "Jesus has rose from the dead, and has sent back the Holy Spirit," and you had never heard it; and then he speaks the Gospel; you accept Christ as personal Saviour; and the Holy Spirit comes upon you, and proves that it's the same Holy Spirit that fell on the day of Pentecost, you have no right to doubt that man. He's told you the truth (That's right.), because God has vindicated it with His Word.

**11** And if someone comes by and says that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and then reads out of the Bible to you what His life was, and what He did... He didn't claim to be a great person. "He was a man of sorrow, acquainted with grief." He wasn't a raw, blusterous sort of a man. He was a quiet man, but yet... He had kindness, but yet, when it was time to speak, He could speak. He beat the thieves out of ... money-changers out of the temple, and so forth, and said, "It's written, 'My Father's house is made a house of prayer,' and you've made it a den of thieves." He could speak when it was necessary in that manner. But then He went about, and He didn't claim to heal people. He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me." And He passed by some crippled people---great multitudes of them---and he didn't heal any; and healed a man on a pallet. And the Jews questioned Him about the man packing his bed, and so forth. He said, "Why, the Son can do nothing in Himself: but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." The people in the audience---in His audience---would begin to think about different things. He'd speak, and He would know what they was thinking about. Say, "Why reason in your heart?" "Why do this?" and so forth. He knew the thoughts.

```
Isaiah 53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.

Matthew 21:13 And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.

Mark 2:8 And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?

Mark 11:17 And he taught, saying unto them, Is it not written, My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer? but ye have made it a den of thieves.

Luke 19:46 Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**12** Now, if Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, He has risen from the dead, He's living among men. Now, here's what He said: "A little while and the world, (not the word cosmos, it's 'The world order.' The world, 'the unbeliever,' in others words) will see Me no more. Yet you'll see Me, (ye, 'the church,' 'the believer,') for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the age." That makes Him the same yesterday, today, and forever. Then what He was then, He is now, and will be forever. I don't see any loop before God. I can't see any loop for people to make an excuse of unbelief, unless it's just purely unadulterated sin. That's unbelief.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**13** I was talking to someone today---talking on the word of "sin." I said, "Drinking whiskey's not a sin. Smoking cigarettes is not sin. Living in adultery's not a sin." The lady raised up and said, "Well, Brother Branham, what is a sin?" I said, "That's the attributes of sin. Sin produces that. That isn't sin; that's what sin produces." I said, "Because that you live good, that's not because you're a Christian. That's the attributes of Christian life, see. You are a sinner because you believe not." And Jesus said to the people, after He'd performed His works, He said, "Go ye and (what? no more)--- sin no more (What would sin be, then?---"disbelieve" no more), or worse things than this will come upon you." So, if God in His mercy will help, and will show by the Gospel and by signs and wonders that His presence is here, and you go and disbelieve it, well, that's between you and God. You might even be worse off than the sick people that's on the platform pretty soon. That has been in thousands of cases.

```
John 5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

```
**14** Now, have faith in God. Just a little testimony, I feel, if I have time for it. I got ten minutes. The night of the healing of Congressman Upshaw... How many ever heard of his healing? Let's see. Many of you. He'd been an invalid for years. God, who I stand before tonight, I never heard of the man in my life, though he run for president in '29. I was a little boy then. I didn't remember him. But I just walked into the place where thousands of people were gathered. There was probably as many wheelchairs as what's sitting around in here, gathered. And I'd come to the platform. I happened to be looking down through the audience, and I seen a vision of a little boy playing on a haystack. And he fell and hurt his back. And a doctor with a white mustache had operated on him, and it didn't do no good. Saw them bore holes in the floor, so they couldn't stand it for the vibration of walking on the floor. And I said, "I see him become a great man. And he makes speeches, and so forth. Then he becomes even a greater person." And it left me. I happened to look around through all those places. They just brought the old man in, and he was in a wheelchair.

**15** Dr. Roy Davis, of the Missionary Baptist Church that ordained me into the Missionary Baptist Church, was wanting to send him to me. The one who first told me I had a nightmare when the Angel of the Lord came to me. Now he's preaching divine healing himself. So, he said in his letter... Many of you read in the Voice Of Healing where it said, "If I hadn't have been backslid in my own heart, I would've believed the boy in the beginning." And so, now, he sent him over there. And the old fellow... I said, "There sits the old man, there." So, I didn't know whether he was going to be healed or not. I couldn't say. A colored woman was down this way. I seen a doctor standing with tortoise-shell glasses on, right up over where ... was sitting. And he'd operated on a little colored girl, and paralyzed her from taking her tonsils down. When I spoke what I had seen, a typical Aunt Jemima type of a old colored sister, way down, way out, let out a scream. And here she come knocking ushers every way, bringing her baby. She said, "That was the kind of man that operated on my baby." And I looked, and it was the same little girl. Said, "Will my baby ever be well." I said, "I don't know, Auntie. I can't say. I only can say what I see." The prayer line had not been called. Then I looked again, and she was crying. And they formed some ushers to keep her from bringing her up on the platform, because I don't think the woman even had a prayer card or anything to get into the line. The ambulance had just brought the case up. I looked back again. I seen something materializing over the audience. It looked like a streak. And when it got straightened out, it was a street ... or, a road. And here went this little colored girl, walking down the road with this doll in her arms, rocking it like this. That settles it. All the devils in hell couldn't stop it then. That's all. I said, "Auntie, God has rewarded you." Said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Your baby is healed." She said, "Oh, Lord." She begin to scream. She said, "You mean my baby's going to get well?" I said, "It's well, now. And the little girl raised up, said, "Looky here, mother." And people begin screaming, and fainting. And the little girl and colored mother puts their hands in one another and walked out of the building, rejoicing. Now, I never healed the child, did I? I never touched the child. Her faith in God's what did it. I only said what He told me to say.

**16** Then, I looked back. I suppose Brother Baxter's sitting around somewhere. He was standing present at the time. Maybe a lot of people else that's here tonight was there. Well, I happened to look, going down across the audience like a shadow. And here went that old congressman, who'd been sitting in a wheelchair---he'd been crippled, an invalid, for sixty-six years; fell when he was seventeen ---was eighty-six years old. Congressman William D. Upshaw, congressman of the United States---seventeen years of service. They'd wheeled him in a little bed, part of the time, in a wheelchair. He had crutches with things over it to fit over him, so when he got up, they... Many of you knew him, perhaps; you heard him speech. How many ever knowed Congressman Upshaw? Well, sure. All right. And there he was sitting there. And I looked, and I seen him with a pinstriped suit on---brown and white pinstriped suit---going, walking down across that audience, like a vision, going, tipping his hat ... (He's the one who got me started on these hats like that; he wore them) tipping his hat, like that---very southern---with his hospitality, bowing to the people. I knew he was healed.

**17** The vision had caught me so far, till I staggered under the impact of the Spirit of God. I'm sure you believers understand what I'm talk... I tried... You say, "Oh, Brother Branham, that wouldn't make..." Why did it make Jesus so weak, till even the waves didn't wake Him up in the boat? Why did He say, "Virtue has gone from Me."? Why did the Angel on the pool come down and heal one person, and pull the whole Angel off the pool, maybe for a month? You don't understand. Why was Daniel troubled at his for many days when he saw one vision? See? It's hard to understand, but you just have to believe.

```
Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**18** Then I started to stagger. I said, "It seems like, if the congressman ... if God was going to heal him... Now, he was the President of the Southern Baptist Convention for years. He'd been prayed for by thousands of people. Mr. Jaggers, out on the west coast, who had a campaign there, had prayed for him many times. Mr. Ogilvie ... Mr. Ogilvie, I believe, had prayed for him several times. All around, different people had prayed for him for sixty-six years. I said, "Seems like God would've healed you when you was just a little bitty boy, when your bones had calcium in them; and not wait till they get old and brittle, like this. But the Lord Jesus has made you whole, right now. Stand up." And there, a man who had been an invalid, and stood for the right... He would have been President of the United States, if he hadn't have stood against whiskey. But he took on the dry ticket and was defeated, because America didn't have enough Christians to back him up. But God had grace to back him. And when he was an old man, sitting there---eighty-six years old---the power that raised Christ from the grave took that old, twisted-up body and straightened him out, and made him a perfect whole man right there. And he walked to the platform a normal man, touching his toes to the floor. Traveled through the United States, and everywhere, to England, and before Churchill, and all of them, testifying of the glory of God---healed. I never even touched the man. Never had nothing to do with it. His faith in God is what healed him. I never even prayed for him---he'd been prayed for enough---but it was just his time. God just revealed it.

**19** Looked like when God would've... When Hezekiah was talking to God, the prophet went up and told him, "Set your house in order. You're going to die. You're not coming off of this bed." And the prophet done ... he had the vision. The prophet went and told the king just exactly what the Lord told him. And Hezekiah turned his face to the wall, and knowed that was the prophet. So, he begin to weep bitterly. And he said, "Lord, I beseech Thee to consider me. I've walked before you with a perfect heart." (Wouldn't you like to have that testimony?) Said, "I need fifteen years." "What for? To run around?" "No. For the kingdom of God's sake. Tear down the altars of Baal, and build up the altars of God, and set the place in order." That's right.

```
2 Kings 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

2 Kings 20:2 Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,

2 Kings 20:3 I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

Isaiah 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

Isaiah 38:2 Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,

Isaiah 38:3 And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

```
**20** Now, look here. The greatest military, and one of the greatest Christians---as we'd call it today---in the nation. Now, here it is. I want you to get it. The king (not an unbeliever; a true believer---a worshipper of God---in prayer, sincere, weeping, with his face to the wall on his deathbed. Looked like God would've spoke to him. He was the greatest figure in the nation, as far as politics was concerned. He was the king. But God has His own ways of doing things. Instead of doing that---the prophet had done gone---so He spoke to the prophet, and said, "Return back, and tell him I heard his prayer. I'm going to spare him for fifteen years." God speaking to His prophet to go tell him. Now, it wasn't the prophet's prayer that healed the king; it was the king's own prayer. But God spoke through the prophet, and told him what he... See what I mean? Amen. I hope you see that. Get what I mean? Now, He's the same God tonight. Now, look what prayer does. Prayer changed from death to life. God had said, "The man's going to die." And I believe Isaiah told the truth. He was born a prophet. And his words were true, and came from God. And then, Hezekiah's prayer changed the opinion of God. Oh, my. I like that. Prayer changes things. It's the most powerful force that God ever put in the hands of man---is a sincere prayer offered to God. Jesus said, "Whatever you ask the Father in My name, that I'll do." Believe it. Try it once, and see if it isn't true.

```
2 Kings 20:5 Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.

2 Kings 20:6 And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

Isaiah 38:5 Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 15:16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

John 16:23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.

```
**21** Just remember a little case, just... I've only... It's really time right now, but if you'll pardon me just a moment. I'd just come home off of that revival. This comes to my mind; happened just below here. And I was going away to Erie, Pennsylvania. My pal, Brother Baxter, and all of us, were going up there for a meeting; have a few meetings up in Ohio---Toledo. Maybe some of you here might've been from Toledo meeting, and up... That's where I was at. And when I got home, a Baptist preacher---the Pastor of the Milltown Baptist Church---Brother Hall... Brother Wood, I see you laughing, because I know you know him, and you know the case. Brother Beeler, you do, too. Fine man---one of my converts---was ordained as a Baptist minister of the Milltown Baptist Church, Milltown, Indiana, where a little girl had been healed---belonged to the Church of Christ that wanted to run me out of the city.

**22** And the little girl had been laying on her back nine years and eight months with TB, and hadn't even moved from her back for nine years and eight months---Miss Georgie Carter. Write to her. Go down and see her; it's not very far---two-hours' drive. And she'd been laying for nine years. You can see her doctor or any of them you want to, the neighborhood. And all the neighborhood said, "Let that holy-roller preacher come down and heal her, then we'll believe." That's just a lie of the devil. If you won't believe by the preaching of the Gospel, you won't believe anyhow. You were, maybe, ordained not to believe. You may be on the unbelievers' side. But they said, "If that girl could be healed..." Well, the father and mother... The father was a deacon in the church. And they said, "If any of the church members ever went to one of my meetings, they just might as well get their papers and leave the church," because that was all. They didn't believe it was right; it was of the devil.

**23** So, well, finally the little girl cried so hard... I went down one afternoon. The mother and father left the room---wouldn't even come in, nothing. I went and had prayer for them and went on out. The poor little thing cried so hard that day. She said if she could get healed... She believed that she could be healed. I looked the other day. Did you ever see her bed, there? Have you ever been in the room there, where she ... on the rounds of the bed, where she'd had her little hands back until she couldn't raise her hands this way no more. And she'd pulled all the paint off the bed. And she weighed around thirty-seven pounds. She's twenty-six years old, and been laying there for nine years and eight months without moving off her back. Excuse this expression: They couldn't put her on a bedpan. They had a rubber sheet, and just pulled a draw sheet. Her limbs up here were approximately about that big around. And I never seen... You ought to see her picture. And when she'd go to spit in the spudiment cup, she go, "Huh, huh," and they'd have to raise the cup up. And that's the way it was. She hadn't seen the trees, or nothing.

**24** And her mother, a fairly young woman in her early fifties, had turned completely gray, and stricken with palsy, sitting for nine years, watching her baby die, without a... It's started into the throat, went down through chest, into the female organs, and through her: TB. They gave her up five years before that. And I went out to baptize... Some Methodist brother---and I'm not saying this in any harm to you---but he made fun of immersing. And I'd been baptizing over there at Totten's Ford---baptizing by immersing. And he'd had a revival out there. And he said, "Them Baptists ain't nothing but..." I forget what he called me. And so, when his convert was standing on the bank, I walked out into the river to baptize. And God my Judge: every one of his converts walked right out with their good clothes on, was baptized that afternoon. That's right. Mr. Smith---Reverend Mr. Smith---the Methodist church.

**25** So, I went up to Mr. Wright's to have dinner. And it's way in the country, in the hills. And so I said, "Something tells me to go over in the woods and pray." And so, Brother Wright said, "Now, when you hear Ma ringing the bell," said, "it's time to come for dinner." I said, "All right." And the evening sun was setting. And so, I went over there, and I knelt down to pray and stickers begin to stick me---you know: greenbriers. I got up and moved over a little farther, and chips was so hard on my knees, I couldn't pray. Be careful when them things happening. It's the devil. God's trying to do something right then when you see the fight coming on. So, I just got ... just threw up my hands and I begin weeping. I said, "Lord, have mercy. I don't know..." And I got lost in prayer. I didn't know how long I was praying. I could hear that bell ringing, but I couldn't get to myself---and just caught away. Now, after... They done sent out search parties over through the woods, hunting for me. And as I was standing there with my hands up, I happened to look through a little dogwood bush, and here was this same light, hanging up there in that dogwood bush. And a light shining down through it, and a voice said, "Go by the way of Carters, for 'thus saith the Lord,' she's going to be healed."

**26** I rose up real quick. I started running down through the woods. And I jumped over a little fence and right into the arms of Brother Wright. He said, "Brother Branham," said, "Mother's got supper on the table." Said, "It's... Why," said, "we don't know where you... What's been the matter?" I said, "We can't eat now, Brother Wright, for the Lord is going to heal little Georgie Carter." Said, "When is she going to be healed?" I said, "Just as soon as we get there. For I just met the Angel of the Lord there in that dogwood bush, and He told me to go by the way of Carter's." And He said... And a fellow by the name of Mr. Brace had just brought his wife from Texas. He said, "Brother Branham, can I go with you to see it done?" I said, "You're welcome." So we got in, and at the same time, her mother... And I'll give you her address. I want each one of you to write and see in her own testimony, or go down and see her. It's just a little ways. Ask through the city, and everywhere.

**27** And so, on the road down, why, her mother... The little girl had been so ... weeping so that she wanted to come and be baptized that afternoon. I'd prayed for her, but she hadn't been healed. And so, on the road, before I got there, her mother said she just couldn't stand to see the little girl cry. So she went into the other room, and she knelt... Now, here's her testimony. I can only repeat her words. Said she went in and knelt down and raised up her hands. She said, "Lord God, we've served You reverent over here in this church; my husband a deacon. And I've done all that I know how to do." And said, "That impostor William Branham has come through here and got my little girl all stirred up, and there she lays dying. And there she is, all stirred up about this divine healing thing." Said, "Lord, why do You let a person like that live?" And she was just saying horrible things, and said, "Why did he come through here to do this? And what have I ever done to cause it?" Now, here's what she said. She opened her eyes while in prayer, and her daughter... They live in a lovely big home there. And so, her daughter from the next door, she thought, was coming over. She seen a shadow: the sun coming through the window on the wall. And she thought it was her daughter, but when she looked, it wasn't. It was someone with a robe on, with beard hanging down. She said, "Who's that coming?" And said she looked over here, and she seen me coming with my Bible over my heart, like this, the high forehead here, walking like that. And two men following me. And said, she said, "Oh, I must've went to sleep. I was dreaming."

**28** And she run in and said, "Georgie?" She said, "What, mother?" She said, "Something's happened." She said, "I was out there praying, and I dreamed, or something. I thought I seen Jesus coming. He pointed me over to..." And just about that time, she heard a door slam. And there I was getting out of the car (God works on both ends of the line.) Bible over the heart. Them two men, Mr. Wright and Mr. Hall ... or, Mr. Brace following me, coming up the steps. And the mother fainted. The little girl... I don't know how I ever got in the door. Opened the door, walked over to where she was. Brother, I don't care how many demons would be present, whatever would be there, God has done spoken and nothing can change it. His words are true. They're for everlasting from everlasting, true. There laid a little believer, laying there in the midst of persecution, and everything, still with her little heart, centered on God, believing yet, and in prayer. It wasn't my prayer; it was her prayer. I walked over to the bed. I said, "Sister Carter, the Lord Jesus, in whom you've trusted all these years, has sent His Angel out there in the woods, and has told me to come down and lay my hands upon you that you might be made well." I said, "Therefore, take no thought of how you shall do it, but in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, rise up." How was she going to do it with legs that big, and never moved off the bed in nine years and eight months? And God, who is my solemn Judge, in five minutes from then was out in the yard, walking around, blessing the trees, and blessing the grass, perfectly normal and well.

**29** And here come the Baptist preacher from... Here come her father, came down the road, coming from his barn, packing a little milk, and he heard... His mother had come to the self, and they were screaming, and crying, and carrying on. He didn't know what had happened. He thought the little girl might've died. So, he hurried real quick. He rushed in the front door. The critics making fun. What did he find? His little daughter sitting at the organ, playing: Jesus, keep me near the cross. There's a precious fountain Free to all a healing stream Flows from Calvary's mountain. He fainted on the floor, dropped his milk, [unclear words] . They was working with the mother out in the room, and all screaming. Why, they had the whole city out there in a few moments. But did they turn to Christ? No. She is my piano player in the Milltown Baptist church tonight. That's been about six years ago. Never been to bed with as much as a bad cold since. Nine years and eight months without moving off the bed. Brother, still they live in unbelief down there. It's all, "The devil done it." That's past redemption. Look! I haven't time for something else I was going to tell you about that pastor... Maybe tomorrow night.

**30** Friends, I had nothing to do with the healing of that girl. I only told her what He told me. I had nothing to do with the healing of anyone. It's your faith in God that does the healing, like your faith in God does the salvation. Jesus, when He died at Calvary, there on Calvary He purchased your healing and salvation. Nineteen hundred years ago, every sick person in here was healed. Nineteen hundred years ago, every sinner in here was forgiven. But it will never do you any good until you accept it. Now, the only... If a man comes through, and he said, "I am a divine healer; I have something I'll do for you.", the man has, really ... maybe I'd say this: He might be sincere, but he doesn't understand the Scripture. And the man is bearing witness of something that isn't true. I'm a fundamentalist. And it must come from "Thus saith the Lord." But, brother, sister, tonight, I'm telling you the truth: that our Lord Jesus, in this end-day time has appeared unto the ... give glory to all His people, and to bring salvation and the baptism of the Holy Spirit to those who believe, and healing of the body to every believer. May you believe tonight, as we pray.

**31** Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee for Jesus the Son of God, and for His remembrance of we poor, unworthy creatures, Gentiles carried away with dumb idols. One time alienated from God without hope, without God, without Christ in the world; dying, going to a sinner's grave---a devil's hell. And then Christ came along and died for us, and redeemed us to God. I just can't understand that kind of love, Lord. How did You do it? Why did You do it? Oh, I'm so happy You did. It's such amazing grace. Unconditionally called us when our nature was against You. "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him." And the Holy Spirit drawed us, and we come to Christ. He gave us the new birth. Now we're believers. Then, besides that, coming back in our midst, and confirming His Word with signs following. God, grip the heart of every person here tonight in a special way. Bless this little city, Lord. We realize it needs an old-fashioned revival, as all the other cities do. But we're so thankful that they give us the privilege of coming to this stadium, letting us have these places---the men, the city officials, or whoever's behind it. God, I pray that You'll never let them bite the dust of hell. May they be saved. Grant it, Lord, for this kind act. Bless all the churches. Some of them are unbelief... Some of them will not believe, we know, Father, but we pray that Your grace will be extended to them anyhow. From our hearts, we mean that. Thou knowest our hearts. We pray that the revival will be a help to every church, and all the surrounding churches, everywhere.

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**32** And then, to Thy children who is born again, filled with the Holy Spirit, God, meeken their hearts. Let them walk worthy of this great calling that we've been called. Going about, living for You, and teaching others, praying for them, and ministering to the sick and the wayward, the down and out. Grant it, Father. We don't know how much longer we have to do this. But someday, I, too, have got to come down to the end of the road. I see it, Lord, as these hard strenuous nights and days are passing, shoulders are stooping. It won't be long till I, too, will have to answer. I've asked You a long time ago, Lord: I don't want any trouble at the river. I want everything clear when crossing time comes. When I get there that day, I want to take the old sword of life here, and stick it back in the sheath of eternity, raise up my hands, take off the helmet, lay down the shield, scream, "Send out the lifeboat. I want to come over." Bear our weary souls, then, across Jordan, into a better land where there's no sickness, and no more prayer for the sinner or for the sick. We'll be with Jesus then. Father, tonight, may this meeting be the cause of many preparing for that time. Beyond that, and outside of that, may many of the sick, and all the sick, and the afflicted be healed, for we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

**33** [Break in tape.] You just have faith in God. God'll heal you. He's already done it. You just accept it while you're out there. That's all. You just have to accept it. Say, "I'll believe it, right now." No matter what you feel, that ain't... He never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it? Did you believe it?" Now, let's take about... Let's take the first part of them old prayer cards, about the first fifteen of them and line... [Break in tape.] ... Jesus, just to look to Him tonight, and God will make you well sitting right here, no matter what your conditions are. If you people around here could have faith... There sits a man, sitting there, come all the way from South Africa to bring his wife to be healed. Flew her over here from South Africa. That's right. Isn't it, sir? God bless you. God bless you, sister. I know where your trouble is. I seen you even last night. I see your trouble. I'm just waiting to see if something happens. I'll call you when He tells me. I'm praying for you, that you could go back home without your wheelchair, well. I want to be over there when you get there, so you testify. Oh, yes. But there's people here wouldn't walk across the street. There it is.

**34** Who's got prayer card O, number...? [Break in tape.] ... the fire, probably that ... a light that shone around Paul, that knocked him down on the road to Damascus. Is that right? It was a fire. That fire was a pillar of fire. Now watch: A pillar of fire. He never said a thunderhead of fire. He never said a big bank of fire. He said, "A pillar of fire." You know what a pillar is? of fire. Now, Mr. George J. Lacey... Here's his copy of this. You can have a photostatic copy, if you wish. It's in the book here, (on both of the books, a photostatic copy), only this is copyrighted. I have to get permission to get these. They're not mine, and I don't... There's not one penny of it commercial. No, sir. Just exactly cost. So, the Douglas studios in Houston, Texas has it. I have nothing to do with it. Mr. Lacey here, which is the head of the FBI, the best fingerprint and ... on that there is in the United States, and, of course, we believe, in the world. He had it for several days. He said it looked like an amber light through the violet rays, and things that he was putting it through---a whipping, milling fire. And you who got the picture, look at it real close. Look at the blaze running around it, you see how it's flipping, burning around. Now, that is the One who comes to this platform---not your brother ... not your brother. It's Him.

**35** And to my opinion, God ... Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is just the same today as He was when He met Paul. I believe the Angel of God ... that light that come into the prison that night, where Peter was in prison, I believe He's the same Angel of God today. Don't you believe? A shining light that comes in. I believe the One that was with Paul out there on the isle ... out in the ship that night, is just the same today. Don't you think so? Look how certain Paul was. He said, (Now look! Fourteen days and nights; no hope for them ever to be saved), he said, "Be of a good cheer, for the Angel of God has said this. And it will be just exactly what He said." Said, "Wherefore, sirs, I believe God'll be just as it was shown to me." Now, you watch close. Now, listen to what He says, not what I say---what He says. And whatever He says when that anointing is moving... You can chase it back; it's on the tape recorder. We keep those for that purpose. You watch and see if it isn't just exactly. Trace anywhere through the world that you want to, and find one time out of the thousands of things that it's predicted---even years ahead---and see if one time it's ever failed to come to pass just exactly the way it said it would. How many knows, that it has traced it around, everywhere? Let's see you hands. There you are. And all those testimonies in those books, there are doctor's bonafide statements. Don't be afraid to write in and see if they're right. Trace them down, see if they're right. And that's just some of the thousands.

```
Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**36** Now let's, softly, if you will, so we can get in a spirit of prayer. And now, all the little children, and everything, if you will, be real good tonight, for the next few moments. And maybe our Lord Jesus is coming down---the One your Sunday school teacher tells you about. And He's going to try to help dad and mother, your little friend's father and mother, and so forth. That's what He's here for. My boy told me I said "Tuesday" night. It's Wednesday night, the meeting ends. It wasn't Tuesday. It was Wednesday night, instead of Tuesday night. All right. Thank you.

**37** All right, now, the patients. [Break in tape.] While you stopped that praying, before the Holy Spirit even come to the woman, it flashed to you, sister. Some day, in the great day to come, you'll, maybe, understand. That light that you see on the picture is right here now. It isn't two feet from me right now. That is true. It's another sense. I can tell where it's at. I know it's near. I seen it strike over that little girl just then, and come right back up here again to the platform. Now, the lady... Of course, I don't know you, sister. But coming reverently... If you do come to believe God, and believe that He's here to help you, well, the only thing that I could do as a minister would be to tell you what Jesus said in His Word. And then, that's all I could do as a minister.

**38** Then God has given me a gift that I might, maybe, do something else. It's a gift of being a seer, or a prophet, or whatever you want to call a servant with a divine gift that come on when I was a baby---a little bitty baby. I wasn't... I believe mama said I was probably about three or four minutes old when she opened up a little wooden window, and here it came in. See, I had nothing to do with it. It's God's love. And if I'd have had my choice of my ministry, it certainly wouldn't have been this. It would have been something else. I'd like to have been like Mr. Baxter---a preacher---but this is what He wants me to do. And I'm happy to do it for Him, because He's allotted me this to do---to pray for His sick people. Ministers don't get the criticism and things that we do on this. It's not the cross... It's not the thing that worries you through the night, and burden the people, and so forth. Your faith don't have to go and challenge, such as it does here. So, it'd been much popular and nicer if I could have been a minister, and had a great big church somewhere, and preach the Gospel, but it wasn't my lot.

**39** I can say now, as talking to you, you are a very sick person. You've been to a doctor recently, and he knows that you're very sick. You have, kind of, a bowel trouble. Isn't that right? I was trying to see what he wrote on that chart. If I'm not mistaken---some kind of a tumorous condition in the bowel. Is that true? ["Yes, it is."] Well, you know I wasn't there, but the One that's standing here now was there. Do you believe now, if I ask Him, that you'll get well? You do? Come here, just a minute. Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, and Author of everlasting life, and giver of every good gift, I pray, Thee, Father, to be merciful to this, our sister, who is very sick. I pray for divine guidance for her and her decisions in the future. Almighty God, spare her life. Knowing that Satan has determined to put her in a premature grave, I ask You to heal her, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go happy. Go rejoicing now. And may the Lord bless you.

**40** All right, come here. Now, just before... It kind of gets me to a place where I can hard... You just don't realize, people. Sometimes I stand, talk to people on the street, and I'm wondering whether I'm seeing a vision of that person standing on the street, or whether I'm really talking to them when these meetings go so long. You don't realize what it means. Just a little testimony, while I'm resting. Every person in here... Where did that lady go that was just prayed for? Is she here? Lady, what He told you, was that the truth? Was that truth? What He told you, about you, was that the truth? I mean, what was said here, is that the truth? If it is, raise up your hand. That ought to make every person in her believe. They oughtn't to have to have one more thing.

**41** Now, Moses, when he committed his sign one time to the people, they all believed him from then on. Is that right. He didn't have to do no more. Moses, every time he met a Hebrew, he didn't have to do it. That's the way I believe, sometimes, I do wrong---by just taking, first, one, then, the other; then one, then the other; then one, then the other. I think it's wrong. It ought to be committed. And then, if that's the truth, then that ought to settle right there, and go on. Now that'd be all right. Then you'd believe me---what I say. And here's what I'm saying. Here's the doctrine. Here's what I'm telling you: Every person in here has been healed for nineteen hundred years ago, as far as God is concerned. If you can believe it and accept it, go home and you'll get well. Now, that's true.

**42** Here, sometime ago, a lady come into the meeting, and she had a stomach trouble. And she was prayed for. And after she left, I seen her going away, eating, and so I told her ... I said, "You're going to be well, lady. You go eat what you want to, now." So, she goes home, and tries to do what I told her. And did she get sick! My! And she, for three or four weeks, she tried to eat, and she just couldn't do it. She'd just eat, and it'd just burn her. And she'd vomit, and everything. So, one morning, she was standing, washing her dishes. I got her testimony, and that's one of the many, of course. So she was washing her dishes and she said her stomach was burning her so bad from eating. And she got real hungry, so she turned around. One of the children had left a piece of toast on the table. So, she picked it up, and started eating the toast, and she thought she'd have to vomit it up again in a few moments. So, it didn't bother her---didn't burn. She said she eat some oats, and that usually really upset her, but it didn't bother her. So, she drank a cup of coffee, and it didn't bother her. Said she just felt good. And she waited for about a hour---no ill affects. So, she had a neighbor down the street, about, oh, about two blocks from there that had a growth on the side of her neck---just a little fungus-growth, fatty tumor. And so, It told her that she was going to be well. So, she closed up the house and ran down the street real quick, rejoicing, and went to tell her neighbor about what had happened: she could eat, she was feeling fine. And when she got there, she found her neighbor screaming to the top of her voice. The growth had left her throat that morning.

**43** So, you know what had happened? They come back in the meeting. (Brother Baxter will remember it.) They come back in the meeting. A few weeks after that ... six weeks, or more, had passed. What if she had disbelieved? Now, what happens? Sometime when a blessing is pronounced, maybe it won't happen right then, but it's got to happen. Look. Daniel prayed; and the Angel of the Lord heard him, but couldn't get to him for how many days? Twenty-one days. Now, what happened? That blessing had been pronounced upon the woman, the vision had been seen---what was her trouble, and what she was going to be. Now, sometimes, it don't even tell them. If it turns light around them, I just let it go. If it turns dark, I let it go, because dark means that they're not going to, but sometimes prayer changes things. Look at Hezekiah.

```
Daniel 10:12 Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.

Daniel 10:13 But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.

```
**44** There in Africa... Did you attend any of the services in Africa, sir? You did. Was you there the night, I believe this was at ... where we had that, over at Durban, where that woman ... told her she was just going to live a little while. A woman had ... I believe it was female trouble. Just as healthy and strong as any woman you ever seen, walked across the platform. And It told her, said, "Now, you have a little tumor, or something, a little fibrous tumor or something on the ovary, your doctor said." "Yes," she said. "That's the truth." I said, "Prepare for death, for you're not going to live but a little bit." And in thirty minutes, she was a corpse---because I seen them packing her away in a vision. And I knew she was ... had done already, but if it just turns dark, then prayer could change it. I just let them go. But, when It says anything, you believe just that thing, and it'll be just that way, see. You watch. Now, it's your faith. I could pray for you, but it depends ... what this is to do.

**45** Now, here stands a woman. I've never seen her in my life. I know nothing about her; God knows that. You know me, lady? You don't know nothing about me. We're perfect strangers. I don't know her. Now, she just happens to be one standing here, close. Now, God might not say one word to the woman; I don't know. But maybe He will; I don't know. But I can only say what He tells me to say. And then if ... when He... And if He doesn't say anything, I'll just have to say ... well, I'll offer prayer for her, and let her pass on by. If He says something, then that'll be different. It'll be just exactly what He said. Now, I want you to be reverent. And what had happened in that case, now. The Angel of the Lord, after He knowed them blessings was pronounced, He passed through the neighborhood, confirming the word. That's all there was to it. Just the same thing.

**46** Now, lady, as we being strangers, I do not know you. God knows I don't know you. The Bible laying before me. And God, who is present now, knows that I don't know you. I've never seen you. And if you're up here for some good, I pray that you get it. I pray that God'll reveal it, and make it known to you---something to help you. And if you're up here in pretension, you'll know that in a little bit, too, because He'll call that to you, also. He is God, see, and we're just man and woman. But you're up here to be prayed for for a heart condition. Isn't that right?---very bad heart condition. I'll tell you what the trouble is. The valves of your heart is closing up. Isn't that right? You haven't got much longer to live unless God has mercy. And here's one of the main things, lady. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? You do. I believe that, lady. The same Jesus Christ that talked to the woman at the well knowed her troubles---knowed just what was causing her trouble, didn't He? The main thing you need tonight is Jesus Christ as personal Saviour. You're a sinner. Is that...? That's right. You've done wrong. You never accepted Christ. Would you now accept Him as your personal Saviour? You do accept Him now as your Saviour. And you asked Him to have mercy. And if He'll let you live from this heart condition---which I see your doctor shaking his head that there's not a chance for you---but if God will let you live, would you promise to serve Him all the days of your life, and live for Him? ["Yes, sir."] You will. Come here, just a moment.

**47** Almighty God, Your Spirit that was at the Samaritan well that day, that was upon Your beloved Son Christ Jesus has returned to the earth to be the same yesterday, today, and forever, and to confirm, and make the words true that He said, "These things that I do, shall you do also. And greater than this will you do, for I go to My Father." Here's a woman standing here, Lord, who's asking mercy and pardon for her sinful life. And she now surrenders her life to you. And we're taught that all things work together for good to them that love You. And she's dying, Lord, with this heart condition. I pray that You heal her. And may Your Spirit come upon her and forgive every sin. And may she go away from here tonight and get well, and serve You all the days of her life. In Jesus' name I ask this blessing. Amen. You are a Christian now. Now, go and sin no more, and you'll get well. God bless you. [The lady says something.] Let her testify this. ["I said I'm so happy now, I'm ready to go. I don't care whether I get well or not."] Thanks be to God. To you critics who would criticize our Lord Jesus Christ: what about that? He's the Lord yet. Believe Him. Do you? Have faith in Him. God shall bring it to pass.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**48** You feel better, don't you? The little lady sitting there next to you wants to get well, too. She's got eczema. Isn't that right? It's inside, but you got it. Is that right? The lady sat down there; she just been saved. God's with her. A light's whirling all around her, see. And you go home and be... Lady that just got saved, lay your hand over on the lady, there. The Lord bless her now, and may she be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you---the both of you. All right. Come lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe these things comes from God? Even if I didn't even say... If He didn't tell me one thing about you, yet you'd believe anyhow, would you? If I'd just say I'd pray for you, you'd be all right, would it? Now, that's faith. How many believes the same thing? You'd say, "Just ask the pray for me. I'll get all right." Thank you. Now faith has begin to move. A wall of faith moving up each night, getting stronger and stronger. If we can just hold out and keep moving, you're going to see something break loose here like you've never seen before. There'll be more than cripples walking; it'll be the glory of God, if you'll just only believe.

**49** Now, may the Lord Jesus grant these things, and be merciful to us. Now, I want to talk to you, lady. We are strangers, are we? We are strangers. Yes, ma'am. I never seen you in my life. Don't know nothing about you; that's true. But God knows all about you. But I perceive that you are a Christian. You're a Christian woman. And you're from a Christian family. That's right. You have a sick husband. ["Yes."] Is that right? Isn't that the man standing right there? That's right. You're suffering with diabetes, aren't you, sir? Is that right? Just walk around this way. You don't have to come in the line. Look here. You're in a serious condition. You have a cancer. Is that right? The cancer's on the breast. You also have liver trouble. You have kidney trouble. You have a heart trouble. Your doctor can't operate on you, he said, because if he gave you anesthetic---take the cancer out---the anesthetic on your heart condition would kill you. Is that right? If that's right, raise your hand. Come here just a minute. Almighty God, Author of life, and Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this poor mortal. May she and her husband go home, and be well, and live happy for many years. Cursed be this cancer, and all the diseases of her body, and the heart trouble. In Jesus Christ's name, may it leave her. Amen. God bless you, lady. Go rejoicing and be happy, and the Lord be with you. All right. Have faith in God, and God shall bring all things to pass.

**50** How do you do, young man? Do you believe what you have seen to be the Spirit of God? ["I most certainly have. Praise the Lord."] I thank you. I thank you for that. You are some kind of an attendant in some kind of a sanatorium, or something. ["That's right."] Isn't that right? I believe it's a sanatorium---mental place. That's right. You've been struck on the jaw, and it's caused you to have headaches. Is that right? Go home. You're going to get over it, brother. God's going to make you well. God bless you. Amen. All right. Come, little honey. Bless its little heart: heart trouble. Let's bow our heads a minute for this baby. Dear Lord Jesus, I pray for mercy for the little one. May she be made well. May she go and be healed, as I lay my hands upon her and ask for mercy. In Jesus Christ's name, I pray. Amen. God bless you, honey. Do you believe you're going to get well now? Jesus loves you. Did you know that? Now, if He was here, He'd could know what was wrong with you, wouldn't He. And He'd lay His hands upon you, and bless you, and you'd get over that heart trouble. Wouldn't you? You'd get well. Will you believe Jesus sent Brother Branham to do that? God bless you. Say, ain't you got one of your loved ones that's kind of deaf, or hard of hearing? Isn't that right? Some of your people is a little hard of hearing out there? Now, you go over and put your hand over on her now when you go down there, and she'll get well, too. God bless you.

**51** Lady, would you like to go home and eat supper like you used to, and enjoy it? Well, go ahead. God be with you and bless you, and make you to do it. God bless you. Your stomach trouble will leave you. God be with you and help you. All right, lady, you come. Have faith in God. Do you want to get over that gallbladder trouble, sitting there, lady? All right. Just stand up. He made you well a while ago. I seen Him do it, but I just waited till you got... God bless you, now. Go, and you're going to ... got gallstones. They're going to pass, and it'll be all right. Don't fear them. Awful nervous, aren't you, lady? That's the devil that makes you that way. There's really... You think there's many things wrong, but nervousness is what the main thing is that makes you feel like everything's wrong. Like a black bolt comes from you, like a cloud, or something, waves like a breath, moving. You get scared. Many times in the evening times, when the sun is sinking low, you get real weary, don't you? Is that right? Many times you think you're going to lose your mind, but you're not, see. Relax, you're not. You're going to be all right. Do you believe me as His servant? Then right now... Listen if this is right. You've often prayed, and wanted a place to where you could say ... you could set your foot to start from. Isn't that right? All right. This is your footstep. Go now, and be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus, and be made well. Amen. Have faith in God.

**52** Come, lady. You believing? ... all your heart? All right. That's the way to do. Have faith in God. Do you believe me as His prophet? You do. You look like a mighty healthy woman to be in your condition, but you're sick. Tubercular. Do you believe He'll make you well? Come here. Lord Jesus, I pray that You heal the woman. May this evil leave her, and may she go and be made well, in the name of Thy Holy Child, Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, lady. Go now, and rejoice and be happy, and you're going to be all right. Bless you. All right. Don't fear. Only have faith and believe, my sister, and God will grant these things to you. All right. [The woman says something unintelligible to Brother Branham.] Yes, ma'am. You go do as I tell you to do, see. You go out of here just being happy, and thankful, and rejoicing. It'll leave you, see. See, now, do you believe that? If you'll do what I tell you, just let the negative testimony be gone from now on. Go, saying, "Thank You, Lord. I believe You with all my heart," because His own Word, even here, says you're healed. If you'll just believe it, you be all right. God bless you, now. Go, rejoicing and be happy. All right.

**53** Do you want to get over your back trouble, sir? Just reach down like this, and say, "Praise the Lord." ["Praise the Lord."] Go on your road, rejoicing, sir. You're healed. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Believe God, now. Come, sir. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe if God would reveal something to me---what your condition is---you would accept your healing? You would. You have heart trouble, don't you? Yes, sir. Let me tell you, you have something that bothers you, too, that makes that heart trouble worse. You have a habit. Yes, smoking. Is that right? Forsake it. God don't want nobody to smoke. Forget the thing, go on---you'll get over your heart trouble. God bless you. God bless you, brother. May the Lord Jesus bless you and make you well. All right. Come, lady. Do you believe? Do you want to get over that female trouble? ["Yes."] Go, thank God for it. ["Oh, glory of God. Thank You, Jesus."] Have faith, now. Don't doubt.

**54** You've been wanting to quit smoking, too, haven't you? Isn't that right? All right. Rise up from there now and accept your salvation from God, and the cigarettes will leave you, and you won't have to fool with them no more. That's an unclean spirit. That thing tries to haunt on the people. All right. Do you want to get over the heart trouble? All right. God, heal the man, I pray, and make him well in Jesus' name. Amen. Go, rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord," and be made well. All right. Do you believe, sister? When I said, "heart trouble," it kind of made you shake, didn't it, because that's what was wrong with you. He had a nervous heart, but you've got a blocked heart. Come here just a minute. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal the little girl, seeing that she stands here, just a young woman. May Your mercies be upon her, and heal her, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The reason I prayed for you was this: You wondering there if I was going to pray for you, because that's what you wanted me to do, was to pray for you. God bless you.

**55** All right. Come, sir. Do you believe me to be His servant? You do. Go eat your supper, then. The stomach trouble's left. You got a peptic ulcer in your stomach, which is caused from a nervous condition; causes your food to sour, and cramp you---Is that right?---in there. It's left you now. Go eat your supper. God bless you. God bless you. Lord Jesus, make him well, in Jesus' name. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Brother ... this way just a minute. Come here. I want to talk to you again, just a minute. [Break in tape.] ... say, "Thanks be to God." Do you believe Him with all your heart? Now, I wish that you would just do this: That you would just look this way and believe, every person. Just look and say, "Lord, I truly believe." You know that you're over your habit now, don't you, brother?

**56** That lady sitting there with that kidney trouble, and rectal trouble, too. Isn't it, lady? You can be healed if you want to, if you'll accept your healing. The Lord Jesus bless you. God be with you, now. Have faith in Him. Don't doubt. 'Course you see this lady here with a goiter on her throat. You can look and see that was a goiter. The lady sitting next to her looks all right, but she's got sinus trouble. Isn't that right, lady? If that's right, raise your hand. That's right. What do you think about it, young lady? Do you believe, too? You got arthritis, haven't you? If that's right, raise up your hand. Sure. You can be made well if you just only have faith and believe. Do you want to get over that hernia, sir, sitting there? Believe It'll heal you? Raise up your hand, say, "I accept it." God bless you, see. The rest of you want to be healed?

**57** What about some of you out there? What about that lady in the stretcher? Do you believe, lady? Yeah, you, the one that's looking that way. Look this way. Do you believe me? You do? Do you believe me to be God's prophet. You do? Uh-huh. I don't know you, you don't know me, but you've had an operation. Is that right? That was for cancer. Is that right? But you got a severe kidney trouble, now. If that's true, raise up your hand. Why don't you accept your healing? You do? Well, stand upon your feet then. Jesus Christ will make you well. All right. How many of the rest of you wants to accept your healing while she ... she did? Do you believe? Stand upon your feet. Everybody here that wants to, stand on your feet. Lay your hands on one another. Lay your hands over. Almighty God, Author of life, send Thy blessings upon the people. I now condemn every sickness in the building. I now rebuke every demon of power. Come out of the people! Leave them in the name of Jesus Christ!
