---
Date: 1953-06-13
Title: God's Provided Way
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Roberts Park Amphitheater in Connersville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 2 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# God's Provided Way



**1** Friend... The warmest of Christian greetings to you in the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ, our great King which is soon to appear, we believe. His church is making herself ready to be found without spot or blemish. And may the Lord bless each one. Now, just this while ago, why--I guess I kindly slipped off from the boys. I had my--my son with me, and I let him off. He come in to see Brother Wood, and to--a--to check around and see if the--there's any prayer cards among the people for tonight. [Gap in the audio] After I got started in the evangelistic work out this way for the--our Lord, was at Corning, Arkansas. And I used to tell the folks, well just bring your handkerchiefs up now, and I'll pray over them. Now, many people anoint them. That's all right. That's fine. Anything God will bless, I'm right for it. And--but now, if you'll watch the Scripture, they didn't anoint the handkerchiefs, they just took off the body of Paul, handkerchiefs or aprons. So they was... I told the people; I said, "Now, if you got a handkerchief, why let us pray over it, and sometime, maybe, the baby might get the colic or something--and way back out in these thickets and swamps out here." So one night, a little lady had come in and got a handkerchief. I said, "Now, if you don't--if you're not going to use it right at the present time," I said, "put it in the Bible on Acts the 19th chapter where there's--the Scripture for it's at." For an...

**2** So this little woman, she put it in her Bible, and--and I'd been gone from there about, oh, I guess six weeks. And I was way down around Little Rock. And one night this little lady come in with a testimony. Now, the--the Arkansas people is not the most stylish people in the world, but they're some of the best in the world. They're humble. They haven't got much of this world's goods. I've seen young ladies sixteen years old, come into the meeting, me setting back somewhere praying. I usually stay in prayer before coming to the meeting. See them come packing their shoes and stockings under their arm. And then get down there and brush off their shoe--feet, and put on their stockings and shoes, and go on in the church. Have to make that one pair last a long time. You know. I guess there's people right in here's done the same thing. I didn't have any to--to--to put on to go in.

**3** So I remember one night, a little lady--this was one that had the handkerchief. She lived way back in the rural district, her husband a farmer. And she was cleaning an old lamp chimney. How many ever cleaned a lamp chimney? My, brother, well, look behind me. A lamp chimney... My mother, she use... She's to be here tomorrow, bless her heart. We used to have one that had a great big moon and owl on it. You remember them old Moon and Owl lamps? And I had the smallest hand of the family, so I'd have to clean that chimney, get it through this thing and clean it out. Oh, I remember that well.

**4** And this lady was cleaning a lamp chimney, and she broke the chimney over her arm; it cut the veins or arteries, what it was in her wrist. Well, as the old superstition (you know), cobwebs, they usually get them, and that's just a superstition, like tearing a chicken open for a snakebite. And so they put the cobweb on it, and 'course, the blood spurting up, it just washed the cobweb away. Well, she wrapped something around it, and a--a bed sheet and it bled it wet. So she was getting weak, and her first closest neighbor is two miles or more. And her husband had gone to city to get a stuff for their own--for their table, and for the animals on the farm. And she was bleeding to death, and she knew she was going to die in a little while, if something didn't help her. She runs out, happens to think about that handkerchief.

**5** Now, this is her story. I can't say this. See? I'm only--I'm only taking her word. But she run in there, and she grabbed this handkerchief, and she said, "Dear God, my life lays within Your hand. If You don't help me, I--I'm going to die. And this is--was give to me for this purpose. And now I--I lay it on my arm in the Name of--of Jesus, Your Son. And the blood stopped. She walked about two mile after her husband got home, wearing big old boots through the muddy rice fields, and so forth. And she hung her lantern up in a tree, and flagged a Greyhound bus, and rode about hundred and something miles to Little Rock where the service was held that night. Come in holding that handkerchief up, not even stained, and showing the place where the cut was. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word."

**6** I remember another instance happened that night, while they're finishing up with the books in the rear. I'll never forget it. Reverend G. H. Brown would give you this testimony, and he give you the clinic where the woman was at. Do you believe demons still exist? Just as sure as God does, they do. And so, he said to me, he said, "Brother Branham, while you're resting..." I would just take the people as I have been the last--last night, just prayed for them, whatever God would tell me. I'd say that and just go ahead. And he said, "Down in the bottom of this auditorium, here," why, he said, "we got a pitiful case." Said, "She like to whipped everybody on the ground: it's an insane woman." And said, "She's in the basement." I said, "Well..." 'Course, I'd just a young fellow in the way then. I'd been out on the battlefield this way, about, oh, I guess, six months or something. So I just thought that anything that's... Well, that's right; God can do anything. So I walked down in the basement, along about eleven o'clock. Well, is--had public addressing outfit, speakers down there. The people were jammed and through there in that place... My, the street cars or the bus lines had to stop to get the ambulances out of the way. It was really--they come to church down there. So Mr. Brown... If you want to write to him, it's Reverend G. H. Brown, 505 Victor Street, Little Rock. He'll give you the clinic, the doctor, and ask them about this case.

**7** And when we went down the steps, there's a typical old Arkansas brother standing there with his overalls on, them washed out. And he was standing on the steps, and I started down. He was listening to a P.A. system of what I'd been saying. So Mr. Brown said, "This is the woman's husband." I said, "I'm glad to meet you, sir." We just... He said, "My wife," said, "is right over there." And I looked, laying on the floor... I want you to listen closely. There was a woman about the age of a thirty-one, thirty-two years old, I suppose. Very strong built; her hands right up like that, laying on her back, and her limbs sticking right up like that, her legs right like that, right up in the air. Well, I said, "What's the matter with her?" And he said, "Well, Brother Branham, I just took her out of the insane institution up at a..." I believe Pineyville, or Pineville, or somewhere up there. That she come out of an institution. Said she'd been insane two years. Said, "Brother Branham, I love her." Said, "I've got three or four little children at home."

**8** And said, "She--she was--the doctor said she was having a premature menopause. And he give her a shot and that's what happened." I said, "My, that's bad." He said, "She just started right then, a few hours after that shot, and that's what done it." I said, "That's awfully bad." He said, "I've had her everywhere." And there'd been a woman healed over in--from Louisiana out of the institution; the papers had wrote it up. So he said, "I seen that, and I thought the only thing that I could do, and my only hope was bring my wife over here. Maybe the Lord would heal her." And I said, "Why, brother, if..." He--he said, "The--the ambulance said I had to sign papers." And said, "They... She's been in a padded cell." Said, "She don't get off her back; she just lays there with her feet and legs sticking right up and her hands like that." And he said, "Well, Brother Branham..." I said, "I'll go out and ... " The fellow said, "Don't you go out there, brother." Said, "She'll kill you." I said, "Oh, I don't think so." So he said, "Yes," said, "brother, they couldn't put her in a ambulance--they wouldn't put her in a ambulance." And said, "I hired some men to bring her over here," and said, "she--they took four men to hold her in the back seat, and she kicked all the glasses out of the man's car; and she liked to tore up the whole church--a place out there, when we was trying to get her in here. I had to lay her on her back down here. That's the only she--she just lay with her..." "Oh," I said, "that..." Said--I said, "That's the reason her limbs are bleeding?" She--all the way up in here is cut." Said, "That's the reason she's bleeding; she kicked the glasses out of that car."

**9** I said, "My, that's too bad." I said, "Well, I'll have to walk over to her." Said, "Brother Branham, don't you do that." Said, "She'll kill you." And I said, "Well, I don't think so." I just didn't know too much about how to take those things, so I just walked out across the floor. I walked over to where she was. She was laying there, eyes was batting slowly, looking around. I said, "How do you do." And she said, a--er--beg your pardon. I said, "How do you do," to her. And she just bat her eyes. And I said, "Could I shake your hand?" Oh, my, just as I caught her hand, that--her hand grabbed mine, and with such a terrific jerk, that if I hadn't a threw my foot out, and caught across her bosom here with my foot, why, she'd probably threw me across the floor with a--that demon power.

**10** If anybody knows... If the devil can put that much power on a person that's devil possessed, what ought God to do with the power on a Christian that's borned again. I don't... So, she jerked it like that--like that, and she... I--I staggered, and it threw me sideways. And I looked at her, and she started going like a serpent, making a blow. And here she come on her back like a snake, a chasing me, like that across--make the horriblest noise--that drag, drag, drag. And I looked, and here come that woman. I ran up to the steps where the man was and stood on the steps. And she'd be dragging around on the floor. And she got her great big strong limbs, her feet she set against the wall, and she kicked herself real hard like that. There was a bench setting there, and she hit it with her head like that and bursted a big piece off of it. It fell off on the floor. She let out a great big hideous laugh, "Hee-hee-hee-hee, hee-hee." [Brother Branham illustrates] like that. And she picked up this--a piece of stick like that and threw it over her head like that, and it's knocked the plastering off side of the wall beside of her husband. Said, "I told you, bro..."

**11** I said, "I never seen anything like that in my life." And I'd--I have since then, but I hadn't by that time. And here she was crawling around like, and the blood just pouring out of her head. Why, I said, "Lady, you threw at your husband." Said, "She don't know me." Said, "She hasn't knowed no one for two years." And I said, "Isn't that a pity." And just then she leveled herself up. I said, "Do you believe, brother, that Jesus Christ... When I'm testifying about this Angel of God, do you believe that's the truth?" The tears running down his face, through his beard on his face, he said, "Brother Branham," He said, "I--I sold my farm. We give her shock treatments; we've give her everything." And said, "Everything that I could do, I've tried to do." But said, "There she is." And said, "I even sold my mules," said, "to get some money for these brothers to bring her down here." And he just put his arm around me. I felt so sorry for the man I could've wept right out.

**12** And I said, "Sir, the only thing I can do is ask God. Now," I said, "you have faith and believe. He told me if I get the people to believe." And he said, "Well, I believe, Brother Branham." And she raised her head back like this; she said, "William Branham, you ain't got nothing to do with me." Said, "I brought her here." Well her husband looked around and said, "Well, that's the first words she's spoke in two years." I said, "How does she know you when she didn't even know me, her husband?" I said, "That's not her. That's that devil That's--that's who's calling out." See? I said, "That's..." I said, "That's who it is." And I said, "He recognizes that something is just about to happen, and that's why he called out." And "Why," he said, "she called you by your name." And she started laughing real funny. I said, "Now, you believe, brother." And I just held my hands out. I said, "Dear Lord Jesus, with all my heart I come in the simplicity of childlike faith. And I believe that the Angel of God, Who's commissioned me to start out into this world to do these things, to pray for the sick, is here now. And I ask, dear God, that You'll heal the woman." I said, "Satan, you--you're not scared of me, but you're scared of the One I represent." I said, "And I come as His representative, confessing a gift of Divine healing which was ministered by an Angel and I say and adjure thee; in the Name of Jesus Christ, leave the woman." I turned back around to the man. She just stayed the same position. I said, "Do you believe?" He said, "Yes, sir, I believe, Brother Branham." I said, "God will reward you according to you have believed." Turned around and walked up steps.

**13** About, I guess about six weeks after that, I was at Jonesboro, where I'd just left a few weeks ago. And I was setting there one night, and I seen a fellow kept waving at me, setting back there. And I thought... So, he just couldn't stand it no longer; he just had to raise up. Said, "You remember me, Brother Branham?" I said, "Don't believe I do, brother," and just early like this--the service hadn't really got started yet. He said, "Don't you remember me?" I said..."Don't you remember my wife?" And I said, "No, sir, don't believe I do." And she had three or four little kiddies with her. She was setting there. And I said, "I don't." He said, "Look. You remember the lady that was crawling on her back, insane, from the institution?" I said, "Yes. That's her, isn't it?" Said, "That's her." Now, he... I said, "How did it happen?" He said, "Well," he said, "Brother Branham, that night," said, "she just laid like that till your service was over. We picked her up and put her in a car," and said, "she was--seemed to be all right. She didn't kick, or do anything, or carry on while we was taking her back to the institution where you'd..."

**14** I told him, "Return her back. Let the doctor dismiss her," See? So then, I said, "If you believe, it has to happen." And He told me, "If you get the people believe and be sincere when you pray..." and I know I was sincere, and he said he believed. And then, I know just as true as the other is true, it has to be so if I can get the patient to believe that. He said, "And you know, the next morning..." Said he'd taken her that--that day and that night; she was about two hundred miles away. And said that when they come the following, second morning, the woman was setting up in the cells when the nurse come to her. And on the third day she had an examination. And on the fourth day, she was dismissed and sent home perfectly normal and well. And here she was with her little babies and about two or three years ago in San Bernardino, California, I was giving a testimony. She and her husband walked forward, say, "Here I am yet." What was it? The grace of God. That's what it is. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Now, have faith in God. And now, friends, tomorrow is... [Gap in the audio]

**15** For he shall grow up before him as a ... plant, and as a root out of dry ground: he hath no form or comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, ... acquainted with grief: and we hid as it was our faces from him; but he was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; with his stripes we were healed. And now, for just a moment... (Are you through, Brother Woods? The books... Thank you.) Let us bow our heads just a moment, for prayer now, as we settle down now, everyone, for the service.

```
Isaiah 53:2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.

Isaiah 53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.

Isaiah 53:4 Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.

Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**16** I see two little afflicted children sitting here tonight, little boy and a little girl, sitting in a wheelchairs. Another little girl laying across her mother's lap, with a blanket over her. Let's ask God if He will be merciful to these ones tonight, along with... Yeah. I see a little afflicted boy sitting back here too, in the arms of the mother, perhaps. Oh, I see a man with his crutches up close to him. What a scene now! Let's talk to the great Maker now, as we have our heads bowed. Our Heavenly Father, we have come tonight for no other purpose but to the glory of God, and for a testimony of Jesus Christ, Thy Son. This great historical meeting, for the city, is just now beginning to come to the close. It was at the close of the meeting one day, the feast... When Jesus stood up in the midst of the people and cried out, "I am the Rock that was in the wilderness. Your fathers did eat manna and are dead."

```
John 6:49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.

```
**17** And how He exalted God before them, in telling them of what His mission was on earth. Father, we pray that these last few nights, as He has been, in the future may He be even in a greater portion, manifest Himself to us. We're reading here from Your Scripture tonight of how He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace upon Him, and with His stripes we were healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. God be merciful to us all. Forgive us of our sins. Help us tonight, Lord to lay aside every weight and the sin that so easily besets us, that we might run with patience the race that's set before us, looking to the Author and Finisher of our faith, Jesus Christ. For we ask it in His name. Amen.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

```
**18** Now, just for a few moments, not to preach but just as I have been doing---exalting Christ. I want to use a subject of this: God's Provided Way. You know there's two ways for all things. You're aware of that, aren't you? That's your way and God's way. And you can't have your own way and be in God's way at the same time. You have to get out of your own way to let God have His way. Isn't that true? Now, it's either right or left. Now, if you're going your way, you're out of God's way. And if you cease from your own way, you get in God's way. God can have His way when you cease to have your way. But as long as you're having your way, God can't have His way. So you have to go one or the other ways. So let's just let our own way drop tonight, and let's let God have His way. God has a way.

**19** He likened here ... He said to the prophet, "All we like sheep have gone astray." I like that. God likened us unto sheep. I wonder why? Anybody ever raise any sheep? Well, you know that a sheep is the most helpless thing in the world when it's lost. It just can't find its way home at all. Is that right, sheep-raisers? And I've helped raise them myself, out on the Western prairies. And herded them a many. But, notice! A sheep when it's lost ... when he's lost, he'll just stand and bleat. That's all. The wolves will come get him (That's all.) unless a shepherd doesn't come to him. And that's the way it is with us: When we're lost, we're absolutely hopeless unless the Shepherd comes and gets us. So, I'm glad tonight God has got His Shepherd over His sheepfold. Aren't you? That when we call, He always hears. "And all we like sheep have gone astray." See, that's wandered out. But God laid upon Him the iniquity of us all.

```
Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

```
**20** How that on one Man the iniquity of all the world was laid. All the sins, all the sickness, everything that was wrong was laid upon that one Sheep, God's provided Lamb. And He took Him up to Calvary; He crucified Him to be the substitute for our wickedness and our sickness and our transgressions and all that we've done against God and all we've done against ourselves. He was God's provided Sacrifice for us. God's provided way. Now, God has always had a way. He's got a way tonight. And God always, before He sends judgment, He always makes a way of escape. Out of every trial, God makes a way of escape. And God makes a... Before He sends His judgment, I might say first ... before He sends judgment, He always sends mercy. And if you spurn mercy, there's nothing left but judgment and you've judged yourself, see. You've always made your judgment.

**21** Now, tonight when you come about divine healing, you say, "I don't believe it," why, you couldn't get healed. There's no hope for you, see. But you already judged yourself. And when you reject Jesus Christ the Saviour and God, you don't have to be judged, you're already judged. Your attitude towards God's provided way has judged you. It's not necessary that any man would go to hell. And God don't send no one to hell. You send yourself to hell. God has done everything in the world He can, to keep you from going to hell. And He let's you determine to go to hell. You fight over every barricade God puts in your way, you just go right on over it. "I don't believe in this." And "I don't believe in that." And "I don't believe in this." Just headlong. Now, there's a red light here in the city, and it turns red and green. That tells you when you can stop and go. If you run it, well, don't blame the city. They put the light up there for your protection. But if you run on through it, that's up to you. You brought your own judgment.

**22** You remember when that first little corn silk cigarette you smoked, standing around behind the chimney behind the house? and went and eat some coffee to keep mama from smelling your breath? Mama said, "Have you been smoking?" "No, mama." What was the first thing? That conscience says, "Don't do that, little boy; you're lying." But you fought right on past the conscience. "No, mama. I didn't smoke it." There's God's first provided way for you to stop right there, it's a halt light. "Stop. Don't say that. Tell her the truth. If you get a whipping, go ahead and tell the truth about it."

**23** Then the next thing, you go to church and you hear the hymns sang, the Gospel preached. Something ... the Holy Spirit begins to speak to you. "Come, repent." And you say, "Oh, that... I ... I ... I'm young. I got plenty of time yet. I got this. I've got to do this." See, you're rejecting God's provided way and judging yourself. Then how can you blame God? You can't. You got to blame yourself. There's not a bit of need of anyone going to hell when God has made a provided way of escape. You can't help being a sinner. You can't help that. You was borned a sinner. But you can help staying a sinner. For if you accept Jesus in your place as ... He was made sin for you, God's way of escape. Then you don't have to be a sinner. You'll be a Christian and you will be holy. Not your own holiness, but His holiness. Not what you are, but what God has done for you in Christ Jesus, see. Your own ways... You can quit lying. You can quit stealing. You can quit smoking. That don't mean you're saved. No, sir. You're saved because God ordained that you should be saved, and called your heart. That's why you're saved. "No man can come to the Father except ... to Me except My Father draws him." And God has made a way of escape now.

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**24** In the days of ... and had a provided way for it. Look in the days of Noah. Jesus referred back to it---back there in the antediluvian world. Let's go back just for a few moments and run ourselves back. Now, it'd never rained on the earth. The earth set up straight. The reason it leans back this way today ... it's hot and cold air which brings up the vapor and that's what makes the clouds and so forth. But to that time it had never rained on the earth. God watered it through springs and so forth in the gardens---the springs beneath it. It had never rained. There had never been a cloud in the sky over this earth, to that time. And then God seen the wickedness of man---how that they sinned. And God is holy, and He can't stand sin. And He said that He would destroy man. And He told Noah to go preach a message of mercy before divine judgment came.

```
Genesis 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.

Genesis 2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.

```
**25** Now, what did they do in that day? They laughed and made fun of Noah. God had a provided way for all mankind to escape if he would take it, but man rejected it. He didn't want that way. And he thought Noah was crazy. I can hear him talking down in the city maybe, down in some of the cities of the day, saying, "Hey, what do you think about that rain story that guy's talking about? It's going to rain water down out of the heavens. Do you ever hear such? I don't see any up there." But if God said there was going to be some up there, He can put some up there. That's right. God was giving a way of escape. He was making a mercy for the people. And they rejected it. And Noah preached a hundred and twenty years, trying to get the people to reform ... not to reform, but to repent. And to come and come into the ark. And all the time he was building the way with an ark. He made it out of a certain class of wood, for the saving of his own household and to those who would come. There was a door in the ark. And how that I can look back there and think now that about the time that Noah had got through preaching and all the people had rejected, they had made fun of him and laughed at him. Do you believe that?

```
Genesis 6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.

```
**26** Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Noah ... eating, drinking, marrying, giving in marriage, moral, immoral, pollution." Just about like they got now. Just the same way. And a message that seemed to be to the world a fanaticism. Hallelujah! That's right. God's got a provided way tonight and it's called fanaticism. But it's God's message. There's a door of the ark open and that door is Jesus Christ, God's provided way. Any man wants to come is welcome. But to reject it is to die. That's right. And remember, the same rain that drowned the world, saved Noah. The same water that destroyed the world, brought judgment upon the world, was what saved Noah. And the same Holy Ghost tonight that you're making fun of and spurning, and calling that people a bunch of holy-rollers, that same Holy Spirit will save the church, will judge the world and condemn it. That's right.

```
Matthew 24:38 For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,

Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

Luke 17:27 They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.

```
**27** The church will be taken up. The world will be condemned by the same Spirit that they're listening to tonight. That's right. To reject it is death. To receive it is life. Either right or left. Negative or positive. And as it was ... He said "Just as it was in the days of Noah." But God was determined that something would be saved. And listen! Let's take a little drama. I just like it. When I can hear back there now, Noah had got through preaching. His sons believing, their wives and so forth; they're ready. There had never been any rain. And the first thing you know, I can hear the first roar of that thunder go forth. I can hear somebody say, "What was that down in the city?" Oh, they were dancing and, oh, eating and drinking and having a big glorious time, and full of gaiety. Just like the world today. For Christ said it would be this way. It can't be no other way.

```
Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

```
**28** There's no need of praying for it to be changed. It can't be changed, for God's done said it wouldn't be changed. The only thing to do is save yourself from this generation by looking to Jesus Christ, accepting Him, and be born into it, in God's provided way, the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Listen. He died on the cross. And there He bled. He took upon Himself the form of sinful flesh. He died in my stead. He was just as... God took out of the side of Adam a rib and made a bride to him. God opened up the side of Christ and taken out water, blood and Spirit for a bride for Himself, for Christ. How beautiful. "And by one Spirit..." Not by one church membership. "By one Spirit are we all baptized ... (Amen) are we all baptized into one body and become members of that body." And just as sure as God raised that body in the literal, (out from the grave) the spiritual body will go in the rapture. Truly.

```
1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**29** As it was in the days of Noah. The first thunder... My, I can look up there and I can hear the city begin to scoff at it. Saying, "Wonder what that was? A blast went off somewhere." But look. Let's look even at the animals. I can see the old mother bird setting up in a tree. She's chirping away. And the father bird over there, happy. And the first thing you know, why, when they heard the thunder, the old mother bird said, "That's just what Noah said. Let's go." I can see the old mother camel out on the hill, and the father camel. "That's it, mother. Come on. That's just exactly what Noah said." I can see the little monkey with his coconut. He drops it. Said, "Come on, mother. Let's go." And away they went. Two by two in to the ark. I tell you, something's got to hear the Gospel. Hallelujah! How there's a Spirit of God upon animal life, brought the animals into the ark. How much more ought the Holy Ghost to men and women today, who believe God, and hear the Scripture and hear the Word and see God's way? How marvelous. Yes, sir. "As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be in the coming of the Son of man."

```
Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

```
**30** Moses took God's provided way when they were down there in Egypt. How they going to get out? God kept hardening Pharaoh's heart. But He said, "Now, I'm going to make a way of escape because I'm going to send death over the land." Say, listen. Here's something striking. Watch plague after plague after plague, but the last plague fell was death. Just before the deliverance. Notice it. How striking it is today. Jesus said, "There will be ... perilous times shall come. Men's hearts would fail." How He said there'd be distress between the nations. Sea a roaring, tidal waves that's never been heard of before bursting forth in the seas. How that all these signs would be coming to pass. Just like it was in the days of Noah, it would be again. How marvelous. But remember: The last plague that fell was death. And the last thing... God has give us warning after warning, warning after warning. Now, the last thing that's come is death. Spiritual death. The churches are dying, spiritually. That's right, friends.

```
Luke 21:26 Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.

2 Timothy 3:1 This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.

```
**31** We talk about the revival in America; we haven't got any revival. We've got a lot of church-joining, but we haven't got any revival. One of the famous evangelists, not long ago, where had claimed thirty thousand in six weeks ... or, twenty thousand, I believe it was. About six weeks after that, couldn't find twenty people. The reason of it is is this friends, is because they just have the people just to make a confession---just stand up and sit down. That's good. That's all right, as far as you go. But, brother, there's a deeper experience than that. You've got to get that person to where the Holy Spirit takes control of that life by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's God's provided way. Just same as it was in the days of Noah: One of them stood and said, "Well now, look. If it does happen to come the way Noah said it, I will just get on me a big white poplar log and float along."

**32** God's provided way was the only thing that floated. Your popularity won't last in that day. It won't stand in that day. I don't care what you got. God hasn't got any shortcuts. You come by the cross, born-again, filled with the Holy Ghost, or you're gone. You're lost. No shortcuts. You got to come God's way. What if I started home tonight and said, "Let's see now, the bee-line would be right like this." I'd get stuck in mud. They've provided a highway. I've got to take the mark and follow it. And I tell you, here's what Peter said on the day of Pentecost. Said, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and your children and them that's far off." Even Connersville, Indiana. "And as many as the Lord our God shall call."

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**33** And since that time brother, Jesus said, "Except a man be born of water and Spirit, he will never-wise enter." They've adopted different things, friends, but that's not God's Bible. No shortcuts. You got to come the rugged way. Surely. I think of Naaman back there, when he tried to take a shortcut. The prophet told him, "Go down and dip in Jordan." "Oh," he said, "the waters up here is just as well---just as well up here as it is down there." Well, he is going on up with his leprosy. But the prophet told him to go dip in Jordan. And I can see him. It kind of hurt his prestige. Got off of the boat ... or, his little old chariot, walked out there and held his nose, you know, and dipped down his spot. It might hurt you, it might get you all upset. Here not long ago, a preacher said to me ... Sunday school teacher, rather, in the city I live. Said, "Brother Branham, how in the world can you preach and all them people saying, 'Amen' and 'Hallelujah' and screaming and crying?" "Why," I said, "if they wasn't doing that I couldn't preach." Brother, that's right. He said, "That would get me so excited." I said, "It doesn't me. If there is nothing going on, then I get excited."

```
2 Kings 5:10 And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.

2 Kings 5:12 Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.

John 3:5 Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

```
**34** You know, your "amen" don't hurt me. Your shouting and crying doesn't bother me. Puts me in mind when I used to go hunting. I used to like to night hunt. Do you ever do that, you Hoosiers here, opossum hunt? And I had an old dog didn't have but one tooth. But brother, he had a lot of grit about him. And he would tackle anything but a skunk. And then when we got it under a brush pile like that, the only thing I had to get him to do to go get the skunk was just lift up the brush pile and hit him on the back and say, "Sic him, boy. Sic him, boy." He'd get that skunk too. Brother, the worst skunk I know of is the devil. The stinkingest thing I've ever... Now, you just say, "Amen" and that's "Hiss him, boy. We'll tree him." Oh, I mean to tell you, "put him to..." That's right.

**35** O God, making a way of escape. God's provided way. Don't try to get in your own way. Noah tried to get in ... The people in Noah's time tried to get in their way, the wrong way. But God had a way, the way of the ark. He's got a way today and it's the way of Calvary. And you say, "Well, I believe that, Brother Branham." Well, if you have and come by the door, you've got to receive the Holy Ghost. Truly. How beautiful that parable was taught of the Wedding Supper. He found one there without a wedding garment on. Why, that's very typical. In the Oriental times, when they give a supper out or something another, the bridegroom had to furnish the robes. That's the way it is in this affair too---the Wedding Supper we're going to. And then the bridegroom hired a man to stand at the door. And everybody that had an invitation come at the door. Poor or rich, any kind, they put this robe around them. When they were in, they were all alike. I like that.

```
Matthew 22:11 And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:

```
**36** Brother, there's no big me and little you then, when you come by the way of the door. And then He found a man back there that didn't have a wedding garment on. He come in some other way, by the sides of the door. And Jesus said, "Friend, what are you doing here?" And he was speechless. And you try to climb up your own moral stepladder or by some creed or some church, brother, you're going to find yourself the same way. Every man that comes by the Door is going to get the same robe, and that robe is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Every man pays the same price. A lady said to me, said, "That woman standing at the back of the building, screaming and crying," said, "well, I just ... well, that would worry me." Said, "Why, it just makes chills go up my back to hear her crying, shouting." I said, "It did?" I said, "If you'd ever be fortunate enough to get to Heaven, you'd freeze to death then, when you come up there, hear all that screaming, crying and shouting up there. Why, they cry Holy, holy, holy,' before Him day and night. All the time."

**37** Certainly God has a provided way. You say, "You got some of that new kind of religion, Brother Branham?" No, sir. I got a brand new case of that old kind of religion. Oh, why sure. Way back before there even was a world, they had shouting religion. "Where was you," God said to Job, "when I laid the foundation of the world? when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy?" Amen. Have I got something new? No. It's still the same thing. Hallelujah! No wonder when that Stone come rolling into Jerusalem, all the people singing, "Hosanna, hosanna." And them starched priests said, "Make them hold their peace. Oh, they excite me." He said, "If they hold their peace, the rocks will immediately cry out." Something has to take place. Yes, sir.

```
Job 38:4 Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.

Job 38:5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath stretched the line upon it?

Job 38:6 Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof;

Job 38:7 When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?

Luke 19:39 And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.

Luke 19:40 And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.

```
**38** I can notice Moses before the great separation time. Before death come to strike the land, God made a way of escape for those who believed. Said, "Go out and get a male lamb. Keep it up fourteen days." Perfect type of Christ. First one from the old mother ewe. Must be a male kept up fourteen days, to be proved. It couldn't have a blemish. Christ, the same thing. First one from the mother---virgin. And was tried. Even Pontius Pilate said, "I find no fault in Him." No one could find it. Judas Iscariot said, "I've betrayed innocent blood." That pagan wife, back there, of Pilate had a dream, and sent the boy down from the palace. I can see Pilate standing there, just ready to pronounce judgment upon Jesus. I hear a horse come running, galloping up there. A boy jumps off and runs, falls down by the side of his master. Raised up and give him a piece of paper. He looked at it. I can see his face turn white, knees go to flopping together. Let's look over his shoulder and see what it says.

```
Leviticus 6:6 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest:

Luke 23:4 Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.

John 18:38 Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all.

John 19:6 When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.

```
**39** It coming from a heathen, now. Said, "Have nothing to do with this just Man, for I've suffered many things today in a dream, because of Him." I tell you, every enemy had to testify of Him. The moon, stars shut off their glories of that day. That was the Son of God. The Roman centurion said, "Truly, that was the Son of God." Judas said, "I betrayed innocent blood." Hallelujah! Yes, sir. He is God's provided way tonight. Every man or woman that's ever done anything for God ... there's been men and women who's believed that, held on to it, and kept it. It's thrilled the hearts of poets through the ages. When I think of Eddie Perronet back there---What do you think of Christ?"---Eddie Perronet, when he wrote the great song of: All hail the power of Jesus' name! Let angels prostrate fall; Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all.

```
Matthew 27:19 When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him.

Matthew 27:54 Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.

Mark 15:39 And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.

```
**40** I think of Hopkins, after being persecuted and everything, the way he did. He said: When I survey the wondrous cross Whereon the Prince of glory died, I count all my pain to be but loss... Oh, my! I'll ask another one. "What do you think of Christ? Who do think He was?" I think of blind Fanny Crosby. "What do you think of Him? You was blind. Never saw day light in your life. What does Christ mean to you?" If she could stand tonight, here is what she would say: Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Thou the stream of all of my comfort, More than life to me, Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Whom in Heaven but Thee. That's right.

**41** Another one wrote: Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me; Buried, He carried my sins far away; Rising, He justified freely forever: Some day He's coming---oh, glorious day!

**42** Certainly. God's provided Lamb. God's provided Sacrifice. Said, "Now wait, Moses. I'll make you a type." And He took the blood of this lamb. Killed it in the evening. Notice. All the elders of Israel had to witness to it. And they witnessed the death, just as they did up there. They said, "Let His blood be upon us." And He died in the evening time. Jesus died at three o'clock. And they took the blood of the lamb with hyssop and sprinkled it upon the door post and on the lintel. Did you notice? Not on the floor. It's not to be looked down to. It's to be looked up to. And notice. On the door post and on the lintel. Perfect: the cross. There was the blood. God said, "When I see the blood, I will pass, I will pass over you. When I see the blood," God's provided way. "How are we going to escape the death?" He said, "I will watch for the blood." And there that night out... Let's take a little drama. I can notice the father goes to the ... in the Old Testament, was the priest of the house. Now, he is a figurehead. Now, he goes down and he puts it on the door and the lintel post. And then when it come about night, I can see all the young girls down there come out, tell the Hebrew girls, "Come on, we're going out to the dance." Why, they say, "We can't go. We're under the blood." What a type. "We're coming in God's provided way." "Nonsense with that religion. Whoever thought that blood would do anything? Come on out, let's have a good time."

```
Exodus 12:13 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt.

Matthew 27:25 Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children.

```
**43** But they stayed under the blood. God said, "When you go under the blood, stay there." That's right. Not in and out, in and out. Stay there. After a while, they come midnight. Great dark, roaring cloud come up. I can look coming back through yonder, and I see two big black wings spread out across the nation. Here it comes. I can hear the priest of the family, the father, say, "There is the death angel sweeping the land now. Too late now." And directly, I can see him go dip down into a valley. Hear a scream come up from out of that house. The son was dead. Away he went. Directly here he comes, right down to another house again. Goes in. The big black wings close in around the house. A scream comes up, "The son is dead." I can hear the little boy say, "Daddy, take another look. Be sure the blood is on there." Yes, sir.

**44** I tell you, if there ever was a time a man ought to examine himself, is right now, brother. Is the blood on the door? Watch around and look good. And then when the next thing you know, he kept watching for that. Little old fellow said, "Daddy, them wings make me nervous." He said, "Son, be of a good cheer. There's blood on the door; that's God's provided way. We're in His way." Hallelujah! "Don't make any difference what the world says. We're under the blood." Hallelujah! So is it the same of every man that's born of the Holy Ghost---under the blood. Don't care what the world's got to say about it. Call you fanatic if they want to, as long as you know the blood is applied.

**45** All right. He said, "There is no danger." And the first thing you know, these big black wings swept down towards that house. He seen the blood and just passed on over it. How marvelous! When it got down there to the river and couldn't get across---and of armies---God made a way of escape. God had a provided way. When they got into the wilderness, they had nothing to eat, God rained manna down. He was the provided way. When they got sick, He provided a brass serpent. Making a way. The people ... I can see them gathering up. The people would come look at the brass serpent to get well. "Well, what's in that serpent? What's that got to do with it?" Some of this mixed multitude went up. We still got them. Plenty of them. "All this fanaticism, there's nothing to it." But they looked and lived. That God's provided way for divine healing for them. That's right.

**46** One day at a pool of Bethesda, God had a provided way for them. A little later on, there was a man come by; if they laid in his shadow was God's provided way. Tonight He has got the Holy Spirit here, which is God's provided way, proving it. That's right. Separating from sin, taking away all the iniquities, and healing the sick and the afflicted. God's doing it. God's provided way. Notice. A way of escape... Now, let's go a little farther. One day they got without water. They got to murmuring, grumbling. The church murmuring and grumbling, complaining against Moses, complaining against God. And God cut off the water supply.

**47** That's about like our Pentecostal churches today. One of them says, "Glory to God. I belong to the Assemblies of God." The other one, "I'm the church of God." And the other one, "I'm the United Pentecost." "I'm this, that or the other." You keep grumbling and God's cut the water off from you. That's right. Get your hearts together. That's right. The streams will open up again. What we need tonight is a good old fashion, outpouring gusher from heaven. Yes, sir. I think about your different separations. Jacob had a very clear type of that. He dug one well, and the Philistines run him away. He called it "Malice." They dug another well and the Philistines run him away. He called it "Strife." He dug another well; he said, "There's room for us all." That's right. "Everybody, come drink." That's what it is tonight. Room, room, yes, there is room... There's room at the fountain for every person in here. Every sin sick soul, there's room at the fountain. Every sick and afflicted, there's room at the fountain.

```
Genesis 26:19 And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.

Genesis 26:20 And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.

Genesis 26:21 And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.

Genesis 26:22 And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.

Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**48** Notice oh, my! There... "And speak to the Rock and it will bring forth His waters." Bring forth 'His.' (His is a personal pronoun.) " Speak to the Rock and it will bring forth His water that thou may drink. Thou and the people and the..." Watch. Why, to the carnal mind that was the most foolish thing that could have been said. Just like talking about the baptism of the Holy Ghost today. To the carnal mind, "Why, that bunch of people is crazy. Why, it's the craziest thing you ever heard of." If your doctor has done said you was going to die, what in the world can be done otherwise? But God said, "Speak to the Rock." Amen.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**49** "Why," he said, "we've been to every water hole here. We've dug where the water was. We've come down here and every place is dry. We visited every spring and it's dry." And the rock was the driest place there was in the wilderness. How God takes the foolish things of this world to confound the wise. Why, I'd say, you might have seined through every doctor's office in the city. I'm not talking against the doctor. He does what he can do. Just a while ago, before coming here, one of the greatest doctors in the Southland was standing in my house telling me... Not only that, but he brought a patient that was incurable. He said, "I know where somebody can pray the prayer of faith and I brought the boy." That's right. One of the top surgeons in Jewish Hospital. Notice, then when he... They just men like you and I. They got a soul. They got to die like we have. Doctor take his own medicine and die. What's the matter? The medicine is not the healer, God is the Healer. Medicine is an aid. Medicine is all right. But medicine's an aid, it isn't a healer. Medicine doesn't heal. Doctors don't say it heals. But God give it here, its remedies, and so forth. Medicine is a remedy, God is the cure. See what I mean?

**50** Now, notice this. When Moses said... He told him to speak to the rock and it would bring forth the waters. Now, the carnal mind looked at that rock as the driest place in the desert. Just about like the Holy Ghost Church today. "Why," they said, "if God would ever do any gifts, He sure wouldn't send them up to that bunch of fanaticism." Here not long ago, I was talking to a young lady, which was a reporter. She came down. I don't where she found where I was staying. It was out in Oregon. And she had a pack of cigarettes with her. And she started pulling out one and smoking. And I think that's the lowest, immoralest thing that a woman could do. And I have no apology for it. If God don't think no more of you at the Judgment than the Angel of God speaks to me about that, you have the slimmest chance of anybody in the country of ever getting in. That's right. Yes, sir.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**51** And she pulled out a cigarette. She just shows her colors, what she is, when she does it. Now, let your face get red. And you men that will let your wife smoke cigarettes, it shows who's the boss around the house. That's right. Let them lay out here in these little old beach clothes and things. Lay out here before men stripped down. I've got a girl at home. She might have wanted to get a suntan too. But brother, if she does, she's going to get a suntan. It will be Charlie Branham's son with a barrel slat behind her, bringing her home just as fast as I can bring her. That's right. I'll give her the kind of suntanning she needs. Yes, sir. I mean that. God give us some good old... You talk about the literacy of Kentucky over here, where some of them old mammies would go back there and raise their young'uns... Why, it would make you feel ashamed of yourself. Then say, "They're ignorant." What's the matter with you? Oh, it's just...

**52** Well, I better stop on that. Because, brother, I believe it's either right or wrong. There's no dividing line. You're either in or out. And if you do those things, it shows you're out. "If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not even in you," said Jesus. That's right. So, just by their fruits you shall know them. Now, I'm standing behind the pulpit; I'm not meaning personally to anybody, I'm saying what God said. I'm responsible for preaching it. And God holds you responsible the way you act about it. That's right. Amen. Ah, it's the truth. And there I noticed back there, that when he spoke to the rock, the rock give its waters.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**53** There was a man one day by the name of Elijah. The Lord told him, "Now, I'm going to make a way of escape. I'm going to send you up yonder on the mountain. I want you to stay up there, because it ain't going to rain for three years and six months." And that old preacher stomped right up there before that king and said, "The dew is not even going to fall from Heaven till I call for it." How did he do that? He knowed what God said was the truth. Walks up there on the hill and I can hear him say, "King Ahab," said, "looky here. Tell Jezebel..." His little painted-up wife, you know, with all that manicure over her face and... You know, Pentecostal women do that too. Brother, don't...

```
1 Kings 17:1 And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.

```
**54** Listen, let me tell you something. I might as well get it right here. A long time ago, that was wrong to do it. But it isn't no more. Just like they took the old Charley Barleycorn with that scarecrow hat on. Put him in bumpers in a can, put him in the ice box. He dressed him up a little bit but he's still Charley Barleycorn. Just as much sin to drink it out of a bumper as it was out of the old barrel a long time ago. Right. Let me tell you something, women. If you're guilty of that, listen, I'll tell you what will complexion you better than anything: Take this little bit of the Gospel in your heart. That's right. It will take care of it. Let me tell you, there's only one woman in the Bible that ever painted her face to meet men. And that was Jezebel. And God fed her to the dogs. Now, if you see a woman with a lot of paint on her face, say, "There is Miss Dog-meat." That's what God said. That's exactly right. That's Miss Dog-meat. That's what the Bible ... that God fed her to the dogs. Amen.

**55** Brother, what we need is an old-time, Holy Ghost-sent, Gospel power of God to straighten up the Church and get back into the ring like they ought to be. God help these preachers. (I ain't talking about these.) Hanging along with little old kid gloves on, afraid they're going to hurt somebody feelings. I'd rather hurt every man in the world and be in friendship with God. Tell the truth. God will honor it. Amen. Amen means, "so be it." Don't get scared. That won't hurt you. Now, look, brother. Elijah went up there and sat down by the brook and some of them said, "That poor illiterate fellow, sitting up there on top of that hill."

**56** Well, the first you know, all the fountains dried up. They didn't have any rain. They said, "Well, I guess that old guy is about to starve to death up there." Said, "Well, look at him way up there on top of the hill." But every time he wanted a drink of water, he just knelt down and got a drink. Is that right? And they called him crazy. Well, they was the one down there supposed to be so smart and they were starving to death. A good type of the born-again believer tonight. We sit down by the brook, by the inexhaustible Fountain of Life, Jesus Christ. If one of us ever needs a blessing, let's kneel down and drink. Hallelujah! "I'll give him rivers of living waters that's bubbling up into his soul, gushers coming out." Sit down by Him one time and talk to Him. See if it's not right.

```
John 7:38 He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.

```
**57** He's up there wiping the tears from your eyes, just screaming, and shouting, and having a great time. Then they call you crazy like they did Elijah. He was faring better than they was. Now, you say, "That old preacher sitting up there in the wilderness?" Yes, sir. He was taking God's provided way for him during the time of the drought. He was sitting up there... Why, he was better off than a lot of people in Connersville. He had some colored porters. The Bible said that every time when he got hungry or something, here come some ravens with a sandwich. Hand it right down to him. You're not that well off yourself and then you called him crazy. He knowed what he was doing. He was in God's provided way. Hallelujah! Yes, sir. A preacher said to me not long ago (a Jehovah Witness man), he said, "Brother Branham, do you mean to tell me you think that's the truth?" "Well," I said, "sure it's the truth." He said, "Do you mean that those crows brought Elijah some sandwiches?" I said, "Yes, sir. Brought him some meat and bread." Said, "Where in the world do you think they got it at?" I said, "I don't know." I said, "Only thing I knowed, they brought it. Elijah probably didn't know. They brought it and he ate it."

**58** That's the same with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. "What makes it so?" I don't know. God sends It. I drink It down. That settles it. As long as--as long as God sends It, that's His provided way. He sent it by a crow that day. He sends it by the Spirit today. So, I just set down, eat and drink and have a good time. They say you're crazy. Go right on. That's all right. Hallelujah. Long as I'm staying God's provided way, as long as I'm setting at the fountain, so I can eat and drink when I get hungry. Amen. Oh, my. How wonderful.

**59** There's some people one time that was worried about Jesus going away. Jesus said, "Don't worry. I've made a way for you. A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet you will see Me. For I will be with you, even in you, till the end of the world." "Well, how You going to be with us and not in the world? I can't understand." Said, "I tell you what you do. You want to get in God's provided way?" "Sure." "Just go up there at Jerusalem and wait there until the Holy Ghost comes." "Well, how is the Holy Ghost going to come?" "I don't know. You just go there and wait." "How long we going to wait?" "Until." "Well, do You mean two hours?" "Until." "Maybe it's a week?" "Until." "Until what?" "Until you're endued with power from on high."

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Luke 24:49 And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**60** Acts 1:8. "But you shall receive the Holy Ghost after this... You shall receive power after this, the Holy Ghost has come upon you. You will be witnesses of Me in Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, and Connersville, Indiana, and the uttermost parts of the earth." What? After you become a deacon? No. After you get out of the seminary? No. After you become a preacher? No. "After you have received the Holy Ghost, you shall be My witnesses with power throughout the entire world." Every God-called witness must be endued with power from on high before he can be a witness. A witness has to know something, see something, know what he is talking about. Amen. I feel religious. My! I sure do. How wonderful He is.

```
Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

```
**61** Say, I got to have a healing line in a few minutes, to pray for the sick. Let's come to a close quickly. Let's not leave those pentecostal people in that room up yonder long. They was waiting to find out what God's provided way was. To see what kind of a way God has got to provide. So, they was waiting there and Peter said, "You know, John. I'm ashamed of the way I treated the Lord." He said, "Well, you ought to be." They got to talking with one another. One of them said, "Well, I was a Pharisee." And the other one said, "I was a Sadducee." Well, they got that all out of their heart. And when they got all in one accord, sitting in one place, then suddenly there appeared unto them God's provided way. Is that right? Now, the way we like to holler at the Catholics... So, the way the Catholics would have it today: And here come the father up the road with a little box under his arms. He had the holy sacrament in it. And the people licked out their tongue and the priests drink the wine. And they call it holy eucharist. That's receiving the Holy Spirit.

**62** Why, you laugh at that. But be careful, Protestants. You're no better off. Now, the way we do it today: Dr. So-and-So give a very good lecture this morning. And the people changed their membership from the Methodist to the Baptist. And they come up and give him the right hand of fellowship and walked away. That's just as unscriptural as the other is. Right. That's right. But, brother, the way the Bible said it, they were all in one place, in one accord. Now, here's God's provided way. Not to shake hands with the preacher, and take the right hand of fellowship, and write your letter to the church. That's just as wrong as Catholicism. So pot can't call kettle black. That's right.

```
Acts 2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

```
**63** But the way the Bible said it, they were all with one accord, in one place and suddenly there didn't come a priest, there didn't come a preacher; but there come a rushing mighty wind from above. And it filled all the house where they were sitting. Big flames of fire set upon them. They were all filled with the Holy Ghost and went out into the yard staggering like drunk men. They were acting like maniacs, drunk. And listen. The blessed virgin Mary was in there, Catholic friend. That's right. The Bible said she was in there. And if God wouldn't let her come to Heaven without receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost, what about you? You will never get there ... anything less. It's God's provided way.

```
Acts 1:14 These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren.

Acts 2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

Acts 2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

Acts 2:3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.

Acts 2:4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.

```
**64** "I am the door to the sheepfold. Any man comes any other way, the same is a thief and a robber." I AM. Well, who is I AM? The One, "The world seeth Me no more, yet you shall see Me, for I will be with you even in you to the end of the age." Hallelujah! Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. You might think we're lost, but we know where we're at. Amen. All right. God's provided way. There went out here, a great radio teacher the other day. Said, "I can prove that divine healing is of the devil." Could you imagine, people? You talk about pentecostal people falling for anything, what about this? "Acts 19 said that Apollos, that Baptist preacher up there, didn't know Jesus." Why, he did know Jesus. He was preaching and proving that Jesus was the Christ because he wanted to confirm the Word. He only knew the baptism of John.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 10:1 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.

John 10:7 Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Acts 19:1 And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,

Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**65** And that's the way of a lot of my good Baptist friends tonight. They only know the baptism of the church. But the baptism that comes from God is the Holy Ghost that comes like a rushing mighty wind. The same yesterday ... God's provided way. That's right. But he wanted to bypass that. "Have you received the Holy Ghost," he said, "when you believed?" No, no. "Since you believed." Another fellow said the other day... One of these radio ministers, that you pay all your money out to support and everything like that. And they'll come back and blaspheme the religion that you're trying to live for---full of weakness. All right.

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

```
**66** But looky here. That man said that ... (because he was trying to bypass the divine healing program that was on the air.) I know there is a lot of fanaticism in it, and I know there's a lot of fanaticism in the other. So, it's just six of one and a half-a-dozen of the other. That's right. They said, "Brother Branham, since you got started, to have campaigns, everybody is a divine healer." That's all right. Look at Billy Graham. Look at the Billy Grahams over across the country too. Look at the rest of them. Brother, they got it too, don't you worry. That's right.

**67** But watch here, brother. Let me tell you. He said that Simon the sorcerer was down there healing the sick and bewitching the people. And that's misquoting the Scripture to the public. I challenge that in the name of the Lord Jesus. That Simon the sorcerer did not do any healing and the devil cannot heal. Anybody would say the devil heals, shows he's either mental deficiency, or he don't know his Bible. How in the world can God be the One that heals all thy diseases, and the devil His partner? Why, my! That's silly to think such. The devil is not a healer. And Simon the sorcerer was bewitching the people, not healing them. It was Philip that done the healing that caused a great revival to sweep the city. Philip, by the name of Jesus Christ, cast out devils and caused great joy. And they were screaming and shouting and having a great time. And still didn't have the Holy Ghost. And Peter came down and laid hands on them, then they received the Holy Ghost. Amen.

```
Acts 8:9 But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:

Acts 8:12 But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.

Acts 8:17 Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.

```
**68** Oh, friend. My! We promised to pray for the people. I just feel ... I believe I'm living right at the stop tonight, where the gusher is coming out. This is the first revival I've preached in for six or seven years. Just feeling good about it. I'm just building up my soul. God has a provided way. And that's His Son, Christ Jesus. He died for you at Calvary. In there "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon Him and with His stripes, we were healed." (We were---past tense.) Now, all you have to do is draw dividends off of His death. Every borned-again man is given a checkbook. And enough checks in there to last you throughout your entire life. For anything that that atonement calls for, the only thing you have to do is fill out the check and send it in. Every believer.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

1 Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

```
**69** Jesus' name is signed at the bottom. "Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray believe that you receive it and you shall have it. It will be given to you." Is that right? "Whatsoever you desire believe that you receive it and you shall have it." What a marvelous promise! I think about a provided way. Back in the Old Testament, they used to have... (Just before closing now, listen closely; give me your undivided attention.) In the Old Testament, they had lambs, and doves, and things for sacrifice.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**70** I heard a little story one time about a caravan coming over the hills of Palestine, coming down through the plains, into Jerusalem. And a little dove was restless. He was going up to... He knew a little while... He'd been caught in a trap, and he knowed a little while, he'd have his little head pulled off. He'd have to bleed as a sacrifice. And he was restless, trying to get through the cage doors. Everywhere pushing and cooing. The sun was coming up. The camels were walking slowly as they're coming in, getting in for the morning sacrifice; where the sellers and changers out there could kill the little fellow. And he was so restless, trying to push his little head through every crevice. Around and around, and around the cage. The rest of them was cooing along. But that little fellow was trying his best to get out. He just kept trying, kept trying.

**71** You know, I hate to see anything caged up. I just can't stand it hardly. I know these little canary birds ... if you turn them out, they die. But I just can't hardly stand to see one of the little fellows caged up. It's all right now. Don't... I'm not talking about your canary. But I just say anything in a cage. I love wildlife. Many times I've caught little pet wolves. How I love those little fellows. Little old bear, packed him to the woods when I had to run with him, nearly. I'd say, "Now, I think if I take him home, I'd have to tie him up. The poor little fellow." Let him loose. Let him have his liberty.

**72** I don't like anything bound down, shackled down. Put me in mind of old cold formal religion, that shackles you and binds you. But I don't like that. I like, "to ever who the Son has made free, is free indeed." That's right. Just take your liberty. Then I think... Then one time, seeing that... How I watched a big old eagle where he had beat his head. Night after night, he'd sit there at that cage ... Up here at the Cincinnati Zoo is where I saw it. You'd look down as you go around to the birds. And I'd see that eagle just flop against there. He'd beat his head. And he'd come back again. He'd hit against there. And he would fly up against the top of it. And he would fall down.

```
John 8:36 If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.

```
**73** And the first thing you know, he'd just beat himself till the feathers was all out of him nearly. And he set down like that. And his weary eyes rolled up, looking around. And I thought, O God, that's a heavenly bird. He soars in the heavens above. Here he is caught. He fell into a trap. He's absolutely helpless. He can't deliver himself. His weary eyes rolling around. I felt so sorry for him. He can't help himself. And every man that has fell into the snare of the Devil is worse off than him. You're a heavenly being. You're supposed to be a son of God. You're free, brother. You got liberty in Christ Jesus. Believing, God-loving, God-living, free from sin-living, free from death. That's right.

**74** But how the devil has caught you and caged you up with smoking, drinking, all kinds of immoral living and thinking you're popular. Thinking you're doing something. That's the most horrible sight---to see that poor eagle beating his brains out nearly, against the cage, trying to get free. And you're helpless, just as helpless as you can be, unless somebody puts forth His hands and opens the cage. And I will tell you tonight, Jesus Christ has done that in calling you. That's right. Opened the cage to let you out. This little dove that I was speaking of before, he tried, he tried. And he was cooing. He was getting closer to the temple. And then the writer said that the little fellow was cooing and trying to put his little shoulders through. And he couldn't get it on that side, the other side. He'd try every one. He'd get more restless, and more restless. His little mate was waiting over the hill; in just a little while and he'd be killed. And he was trying to get his little self through. And after a while, he turned over like this, and then give a push. It was different. Something slipped.

**75** Oh, child of God! You've went to church after church, and place after place. You've tried to get free from this, and free from sickness, and free from this, and free from this. And you can't do it. Why don't you turn over tonight and look up like this and then give a push? See what happens. You'll feel a little old slip. You've went to divine healers and they've laid their hands upon you; and done this and done that. But why don't you turn and look towards Calvary tonight and then give a push. Feel the slip come. Something will happen. Yes, sir. And the first thing you know, he give another push, and another push. And he was free. And he threw his little wings out like that, and sailed away across the mountain to his living mate. Oh, what a difference.

**76** Old blind Bartimaeus... Did you ever read his story? Here's a little story of him. Bartimaeus had been blind for years. And he had a little girl, we're told, a little story of him ... that he had a little girl. She was about ten years old, little curly-headed girl. He'd never seen her in all of his life. And today, how dogs lead the blind, the sheep led the blind then. They had lambs that led the blind. And Bartimaeus sat on the street begging. And he had two little turtledoves that done a little enchantment for the passers by. And he begged for his living. And one night, they said that his wife got real sick. And he went to pray. He said, "Dear God, if You will save my wife's life and not let her die, tomorrow I will offer my two little turtledoves as a sacrifice." And his wife was well the next morning. He walked up to the temple and offered his turtledoves as a sacrifice.

**77** Not long after that... He didn't have the enchantments then to attract the attention of the people, just him and his lamb, sitting in the cold, waiting for whoever would pass by and give him a coin. And then one night, his little girl took sick. And the doctor thought she was going to die. He staggered his way out into the night, and he laid down. He said, "God, I don't have nothing else here to give You but my lamb. But if You will let my little girl live, I promise You, Lord, tomorrow I will go to the temple and offer my lamb for a sacrifice." His little girl was well the next morning. And here he goes up to the temple, early in the morning, with his lamb. He said the great high priest Caiaphas stood out and said, "Old blind Bartimaeus, where goest thou?" He said, "O high priest, I go to the temple to offer my lamb." He said, "Last night, my little girl was sick and I promised God if He would heal my little girl, I'd offer my lamb." He said, "Blind Bartimaeus, thou cannot offer that lamb." Said, "I will give you money and you go buy you a lamb." He said, "O high priest, I never offered God a lamb, I offered Him this lamb."

**78** That's the trouble. You try to help... What about ... God wants you on the altar. Not your flower, not your money. He wants you. You on the altar. You're the person that's made the offering. The great high priest said, "Blind Bartimaeus, thou cannot offer that lamb. That lamb is your eyes." He said, "True, high priest. But God will provide a lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes." He went on and offered his sacrifice. Sitting without a dove, without a lamb. And one day there was a noise started up the street. God had a Lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes. The Lamb of God that was slain from the foundation of the world. God had a Lamb for his eyes. That was God's provided Lamb.

**79** And that same Lamb is provided tonight for every sinner; for every boy or girl, every man or woman. If I hurt your feelings preaching, I didn't aim to. Only thing I want to do is tell you the truth, my friend. Don't fall out with me. Listen. To you sick people here, that's here hopeless and helpless, doctor has done all he can do, but God has a Lamb provided for you. He has a provided way if you're ready to receive it. Shall we bow our heads a moment. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for the promise that Thou has made us, and provided for us a Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. And now, Lord Jesus, I pray that that bleating of that Lamb will echo down from Calvary in every sinner's heart, here tonight.

**80** Think of it: that bleeding Lamb hanging between the heavens and earth, dying, an innocent substitute for a guilty sinner. And we spurn His love. God, grant tonight that every wayward boy, girl, man or woman in here, will seize that provided way, come, join up tonight in Calvary. Their soul and all that they are, all their thoughts, all that they are, may they lay it right on Calvary tonight, say, "Dear God, this is all I have. I come bringing everything. You will provide for me. For I ask it in Christ's Name." And while you have your heads bowed, I wonder if there's a sinner, man or woman, in the building tonight, say, "Brother Branham, I'm a sinner, remember me in your prayer, will you?" Will you raise your hand up right quick, while we pressed for time? Oh, my, all over the building? Oh, I just have to say this again. There's two or three dozen raised their hands. God's provided Sacrifice is here. God's Holy Spirit, the third Person of the Trinity, the Holy Ghost, is now moving over the building. What made you raise your hand, sinner? Because God is calling you. "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him," and the Father's trying to draw you to the provided Sacrifice, which, one of these days, all that you have is going to sweep away. The atoms that's in your body will return back to the air. The dust that's in your body, where it was created, will return to the dust. Then what? I'm going to ask prayer for you.

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

```
**81** Lord, I pray that You'll give conviction to these that's wayward and out of the way tonight. And may they receive this bleeding, bleating Sacrifice, the Son of God. Grant it, Father. And while we have our heads bowed, I wonder if any of you, right now, would accept Christ as your Saviour? Now, nothing you can do in yourself, not a thing. God's knocked at your heart. [Brother Branham knocks on the pulpit] That's Him that said, "Raise up your hand while that preacher's calling. You raised up your hand; that was Him. Now, do you believe Him and want to accept Him as your Substitute? Nothing you can do now, just accept Him; say, "I'll take You, Lord. And I can't get to heaven myself; there's nothing I can do; but I'm looking to You, now, to save me. I want You to have mercy on me in this hour." Would you stand to your feet, you that want to do that? Unsaved and want to accept Christ as personal Saviour? God bless you, sister. Just remain standing. Someone else? God bless you, sir. Someone else would stand to your feet, say, "I now accept Christ." God bless you, young man. Just remain standing, if you will. Someone else? All around over the building, would you just stand up, right quickly? We're so pressed here. God bless you, sir. Just remain standing. God bless you. And God bless you. Someone else? God bless you, lady, just remain standing if you will, just for a few moments.

**82** Now, I'm going to have prayer. Would someone else, now? Sinner friend of mine, I love you with undying love. I'm trying my best to get the greatest thing that could be given you tonight: Christ Jesus. Don't turn Him away. He's the only Lamb Who can lead to the valley of the shadow of death. He's the only One Who can go with you when life's brittle threads are breaking, and your soul is walking on them tonight, friend. They may plunge out into an endless eternity before morning. Won't you accept God's guiding Lamb tonight, for your blind eyes, to lead you through this sinful, dark world. Won't you take God's provided way tonight? Someone else will stand right quick, while I'm waiting. Just feel that there ought to be one or two more stand anyhow. Will you accept Christ as personal Saviour? Can I persuade you? Is there anything I can do to cause you to accept Him? Anyone, over here to the right? Back over here? Out on the hill, anywhere? Back on the hill to my left? Anyone out in here would want to accept Christ as personal Saviour? Want to be remembered now, in a word of prayer, and say, "Now, I want to accept Christ." Ministers, I want you to see who they are. All right. Now we bow our heads, then

**83** Lord Jesus, You see these people standing. They're now coming to Thee, O Lamb of God. Blind, miserable, wretched, sinful, borned in this world; shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies, God, be merciful to them. And may this night, may they find peace just now. You said, "He that will come to Me, I will in no wise cast out." Now, they're just coming tonight, Lord. May, now, as they've accepted You as their personal Saviour, I know You're testifying of them before the Father. You said, "He that will--He that will witness Me before men, Him will I witness before My Father and the holy angels." We know that the very voice of Christ rings out in heaven tonight in the Presence of God these people's names. And now, Father, I pray that they'll not stop right here, but they'll go right on into the baptism of the Holy Spirit. May they be borned again. Grant it, Lord. Bless them through their life. And if I never get to even as much as shake their hands or--or talk to them here on earth, may yonder, when life is over, and someday when my shoulders is stooped all the way, and I bow myself into death, O God, I want to remain like I am, knowing You in the power of Your resurrection, that when You call from among the dead, I'll hear my name and come out. May these people here, standing, be among them, tonight, Lord. And may I meet them there, and we get over into Your kingdom, and they'll remember the meetings tonight; the story of the blind man and how You provided a Lamb for them back there and for these tonight. We ask You to bless them, in Christ's Name. Amen.

**84** God bless you, my Christian friend. When you set down, you Christians around them, shake their hands now, and give them your right hand of fellowship, and say, "God bless you." And all of you all happy they come to Christ? If you are say, "Amen." How many will promise these Christians that tonight before going to bed, these that just now accepted Christ... Now remember, you're just accepted Christ. See? Now, God will give you the Holy Ghost in confirmation of your faith. See? Now, you get to some good Full Gospel church and be baptized right away, and God's under obligation to give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost the moment you're baptized, if you come with a true heart believing. Peter said just repent and be baptized and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Is that right? God promised it now: He'd make everything right. Now, you that promised that you'll have a prayer before you go to bed tonight for these Christians, raise you hand, will you? Looky here. You that just was converted, look here at the Christians would be praying. Mine too. It may be early in the morning 'fore I get home. I got to turn right around and come right back again about ten o'clock tomorrow for all day tomorrow. And then Monday, I'm going to Utica, Indiana, and then down to Shreveport, Louisiana, back to--in Kentucky, and then maybe from there to South Africa. There's just no let up, no, at all. I'm not weary. I love Him with all my heart. I love to do it. I'm only so thankful that He'll give me the privilege of calling the lost and praying for the sick.

**85** Now, where's Billy? Is... L-M-N-O-P. Oh, my, we got plenty of them. All right. Let's see. [Gap in the audio] ... believe. If they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover." Is that right?" Have you counted me a believer? All right, let's pray. Lord Jesus, come now, I... Here, Father, Thou knowest all things. Brother Baxter gone, I've had to do the preaching and every--along like this. Thou knowest, and it's so hard to...You understand; I'm sure. And I pray that You'll help me now tonight. And may a these dear people that are sick, Lord, and--and they've heard the preaching of the Gospel and they're coming now to be made well. Now, the only thing that I can do, Father, Thou knowest, is to point them to Your beloved Son, Jesus. And now, as a believer, to join my faith with them, I lay hands on them and ask for their healing. And grant, Lord, that everyone that passes this pulpit tonight will go off of here and get well, because they've believed in the Lord Jesus Christ; for we ask it in His Name. Amen.

**86** Now, every one of you join with me in silent prayer while I'm making prayer for the people. All right, come lady. Do you believe? Now, you have no prayer card, nothing at all. Is that right? Have you been in the meetings before? Have you seen how the Holy Spirit knowed what was wrong with the people and everything like that? You've seen that? You believe it? I know you're a believer. Well now, you--you--you were just called tonight without prayer card, without anything; you just come up here. Is that right? Come here to believe? Now, do you believe that He'd tell me what was wrong with you. Well sure, I know what's wrong with you. But I don't have to tell you, do I? No. You got diabetes, but... Isn't that right? Is that the truth, raise your hand? See? You've got diabetes. That's right. And you've got a lot of worried life behind you, haven't you? A string of sorrow. But now, look lady. You think He'll make you well? Come here. Everyone in prayer. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman and heal her. I ask in Jesus Christ's Name that she gets well. Amen. Now, go believing, sister. That's all I can do is just pray and ask.

**87** All right, sister. You want to get rid of that asthmatic condition? Make yourself... Wasn't it strange? You've had that; it's a coughing like that constantly. And you've got a female trouble that's caused from some time, long time ago you had that. But now, isn't that the truth? And now, you believe that God will make you well? Come here. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal the woman. May she go off this platform tonight, a normal well woman; in Christ's Name I bless her. Amen. Go, believing now, with all your heart now. Don't doubt a thing; just have faith in God. All right, come, lady. Now, you--you have a prayer card? No prayer card, you just a lady come in from out there. Is that true? No, I don't know you. I never seen you in my life. You believe God's standing here with us? Do you believe the Angel of God? Do you believe this gift of God? If I... If there's anything wrong with you, God will have to tell me, is that right? And if I--if I would reveal to you by His Spirit, what's wrong with you... Just like Jesus, He went right straight to that woman at the well. He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I perceive that You're a prophet." Is that right?

```
John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

```
**88** Well, if that same Jesus is tonight, He could go right straight to your trouble; is that right? It's high blood pressure, isn't it? Is that right? All right. Go get well then, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Believe now, have faith. All right, lady, if I don't even say one thing to you, you'd believe anyhow. Is that right? Lord Jesus, I pray that You will heal the woman. May she go off this platform tonight happy, rejoicing and made well. Through Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go believing now, with all your heart.

**89** All right, come. Next lady, here. Come, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Now, here's a woman really is in serious trouble. The woman's got a mental nervousness. Isn't that right, lady? Real... Look. You're worst trouble is in the late of the evening, isn't it? Along towards night, you get gloomy and worried. And you get so weak, you can't hardly stand up. Is that right? You have to sit down. And you're just all tore up. Now, what it is, lady, it's nothing to hurt you. It's a premature time of the change of life, menopause. Now, come here. It's a gloomy shadow. And it's nothing but a lie of the devil, see. And you're all right; you're going to get all right. Do you believe it? Lord Jesus, I bless the woman in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. I pray for her healing. Amen. Now, go... Look. If He could tell me what your trouble is... If I'd talk to you a few minutes, it would tell your life, but it don't have to do that. Look, will you do what I tell you do? Go out of here just as happy as you can be. He's got you all gloomy and wore down. You've dropped down in this cycle down here, when you got to get up here. Look up here, believe up here, and say, "Thank God." And go on and be happy, you'll get well. If you don't, you're headed for a lot of trouble. All right. Go believing now.

**90** All right. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes, I do."] You want to get over that kidney trouble? ["Yes."] All right, go believe God and get over it then. In the name of the Lord Jesus. All right. Come and believe now. You believe, sir? If I wouldn't say one thing, and still you'd believe anyhow. Is that right? Lord Jesus, I pray that You will heal the boy of this terrible demon that's about to take his life. May it leave him in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, go believing, son, with all your heart. Believe God making you well.

**91** Do you believe, lady, with all your heart? Come here a minute. Lord Jesus, I pray that You will bless the woman and heal her in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go believing now, with all your heart. The reason I'm trying to hurry, friends, we've got so many to pray for. You understand, don't you? Is everybody holding on out there, praying? All right. Come now, lady. Of course, you see she's got a trumpet in her ear. Can you hear me through this all right? [The lady says, "Huh?"] Just a minute, let's see if we can get her to hear better. Bow your heads just a moment. Lord Jesus, have mercy upon her. I pray that You will heal her. Take this deaf spirit from her, I ask in Christ's name. Amen.

**92** Do you believe with all your heart now? All your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] How long you been deaf? ["Oh, about ten years."] Ten years. Let's take this trumpet out just a moment. Both ears. Let's see ... [Brother Branham makes a noise.] You hear that, don't you? ["Yes."] Can you hear me now? Why, you're healed then, see. Go on you're ... got your hearing, then go. God bless you. All right. Here's another one standing right here. The same thing. Lord Jesus, I pray that You will bless this man and unstop these ears. Thou deaf spirit, leave him in Christ's name, come out. Amen. Can you hear me? You believe with all your heart? Can you hear me all right now? Say, "Amen." "I love the Lord." You're healed. God bless you. Go on your road rejoicing.

**93** Poor little baby. Do you believe if I ask God, God will heal it? Born in this condition. Lord Jesus, I bless the little thing. It hasn't had a chance in life. Birth did this. But Thou, O God, can give it another birth. Grant it Father, in Jesus' name. May it get well. Amen. Now, God bless you, mother. Don't worry. Go believing and write to me and tell me about this baby. If you'll take my word as His prophet and believe that God has done just exactly what I said He done at Calvary, died for the healing of your child, you will write me a letter in the next four or five days and say, "Brother Branham, there's such a difference in my baby, it don't seem like the same one." Will you do that? All right. What's your name? [A lady says, "Presley."] Presley. Where you from? ["Brookville."] All right, I'll watch for that letter.

**94** All right, sir. God bless you. All right. Of course, you see the man is on a cane and probably ... legs drawn and everything. Brother, do you believe that God will make you well? [A man says, "I do."] All right. I'll just ask Him and ... up to your faith. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal the man. May he get well, Father. I ask this blessing in Christ Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, brother. Go now, believing with all your heart. Look. If you can see a difference in you by tomorrow night, will you walk up here and show me? God bless you. All right. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Now, you look like a healthy person. That man, you see, is crippled. You can see that little baby there is a spastic ... or, deformed, the little fellow. And that little boy there, see. Why, sure. You can see that. But you look like a well person. There's no mystery saying, "That's a crippled man." "That's a crippled child." Anybody sees that. But when it comes to you, you look healthy. But you got a female trouble; isn't that right? I want to talk to you just a moment.

**95** [Gap in the audio] ... knows that but Him. Is that right? That's right. Then He's here, isn't He? If I ask Him will He heal you? You'll believe it? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman. May she go from here tonight and be made well, in Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you. Go now. As you believe I believe you'll get well. Have faith. All right. My, this is a fine little girl. Howdy do? Skin condition. Skin eruption, skin just... Is that true? Though you can't see it, but it's on her body. Is that true? You love Jesus? You believe Brother Branham? You do? Your child? You... You like to serve Him, do you? Does your husband like to serve Him? Yes. He has a habit he'd like to quit though, doesn't he? You believe He'll make the baby well? You do? What church you belong to? Is that right? You believe that He'll make the child well then? I'm testing your faith to see what it'll do, to see where you was at. This child's all right. Now, I'm testing to you. See? All right. You put your hand on that side of her; I'll put my hand on this side and let's pray. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll help this poor little baby. God bless them now and may the little thing go home and get well, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Want to talk to you just a moment. Let's sing, O how I love Jesus, [Brother Branham speaks to the lady while the congregation sings--Ed.] ( How long has it been?...) [Gap in the audio]

**96** Praise the Lord, Amen. All right, come, lady. You believe now with all your heart? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman. May she go from here tonight and be made well in Jesus Christ's Name, Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, go and believe with all your heart. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless her and may she go from here rejoicing and happy, be made well; in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Come now. You believe, lady? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless her and heal her and make her well in Jesus Christ's Name. I ask this blessing. Amen. Now, now, believe with all your heart. All right, sister. You believe with all your heart? Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll take this affliction away from her body, and may she go and be made completely whole, in Jesus' Name, Amen. You--you believe it... All right, do you believe, lady, with all your heart? How long you had this high blood pressure? About three or four years now. It's caused from nervousness, keeps you worked up all the time. Isn't that right? That's what He said, anyhow, your doctor told--told you it was a nervous condition then. Is that right? Not reading your mind, but that's the truth. See? Yes. All right. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless her and may this leave her. May she go home and get well, in Jesus' Name, Amen. God bless you, sister.

**97** Come believing now. Come here. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless our sister, and may she go from here tonight and be made well, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Go, believing now, sister. Come, lady. You want to get well? Believe with all your heart? Female trouble's what's wrong with you. Isn't that right? All right. God bless her and make her well, I pray, in Jesus Christ's Name, Amen. God bless you. All right, come, lady. My sister, are you aware that you're a very sick woman? You know that you're very sick? Yes, you are, it's cancer. All right, come here. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal the woman. May she go from here tonight and be made well through Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Now look; don't you fear. You go believing. What say? That's what I know that's what your--what--what... [Gap in the audio] If I'd talk to you a minute, do you believe He'd tell me what was wrong with you? All right. You've got something wrong when it's hard for you to get up of a morning. It--it's arthritis. Isn't that right? You want to get over it? Then accept Jesus Christ as your Healer, and go, and you can be made well; in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, is this the--What [Gap in the audio]

**98** "If they lay their hands on the sick," they what? [Congregation answers, "shall recover."] He never said, "If they pray for the sick..." "If they lay their hands on the sick..." Is that right? Is that the Scripture? Uh-huh. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman in Jesus' Name as I lay my hands on her. Amen. God, I pray that You'll bless my brother. And as I lay hands on him, may he get healed, in Jesus' Name, Amen. All right, will you come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Believe that God will make you well? You got a horrible plague of nervousness, haven't you? Just been nervous a long time, but God will make you well. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal her, in Jesus' Name, Amen. God bless you, sister. God, I pray that You'll bless our brother and may he leave here tonight as I lay hands on him in commemoration of Jesus Christ's words. I ask for his healing. Amen. God bless you. Now come. The little girl...God, I pray that You'll bless the little thing and heal her and heal the mother, Lord, and may they both get well, in Jesus' Name, Amen. God bless you. Come with this little girl here. Come, sweetheart. God, I pray that You'll bless this little girl and may she get well. I pray, God, that You'll grant this blessing in Jesus' Name. Bless you. Lord, I pray that You'll bless this man, and may he be healed, Father; in Jesus Christ's Name I ask it. Amen.

**99** All right, would you come, sister, right straight to... That's fine. Lord Jesus, I lay hands upon her. I know there's nothing in my hands, Lord, could help her, but I'm doing this in commemoration of what You said, Jesus. You said, "If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover. The people that seen Your signs and wonders, what You said to do before them, and they'd believe it? Now, I'm laying hands upon them, in Jesus' Name, for their healing. Amen. God bless you. Come, lady. You believe? I lay hands upon our sister, in Jesus' Name for her healing. Amen. All right, would you come, lady? I lay my hands upon this sister in Jesus Christ's Name, for her healing. Amen. God bless you now. Go rejoicing. Come right ahead, sister. I lay hands upon our sister, in Jesus' Name, for her healing. Amen. God bless you, now go right... Lord, I lay hands upon our brother, in Jesus Name, for his healing. Amen. Father, I lay hands upon our brother, in Jesus Name, for his healing, Amen. God, I lay hands upon our sister, in Jesus' Name, for her healing. Amen.

**100** Now di... [Gap in the audio] Lord Jesus [Gap in the audio] be near. Maybe the Lord will reveal Him to you tonight, standing here. Hundreds and hundreds have seen Him standing at the platform. How many seen the picture of Him, let's see your hands? In the picture? Why, He's right here. He's right here. Now, believe Him with all your heart, and God will... You believe, lady? With all your heart? Sure having a struggle, aren't you? Uh-huh. But have faith. You have to do. Just believe God, God will grant it. [Gap in the audio] ... You'll bless this darling little girl. May she get well, Father. I pray this blessing, in Jesus' Name. May these little eyes get well. Amen. God bless you, sister. Father, I pray that You'll bless this woman and may she get well, as I ask, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Go, believing now. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal the woman; may she go and get well in Jesus Christ's Name I pray. Amen. Come, lady. You want to get over your back condition and go and be made well? ... All right. Lord Jesus, I pray the You'll heal her of this back trouble. May she go and get well in Jesus' Name. You have an awful lot of time with that, haven't you? Been the vertebrae there for a long time has caused that. Been coming on for years and years. What it was, when you was a little girl, it happened back there... [Gap in the audio] ... Say, "Thank You, Lord." That's right, that's the way to do it. Amen.

**101** Come here. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman and heal her, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Believe with all your heart. Come, sir. Lord, I pray that You'll heal the brother. May he go from here and get well, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Come now. All right, come, lady. Lord, I pray that You'll bless her and may she get well. In Jesus' Name I bless her for her healing... [Gap in the audio] The Angel of the Lord's standing here then, is that right? You got a asthmatic condition. Is that right? Cough like everything, and especially when you go to bed at night, you can hardly rest. Is that right? Lord God, bless him and may he go and get well, in Jesus' Name. Amen. He's still here. He just--just--you just believe Him. That's all you have to do. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the woman in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. I want you to watch. If God is doing it, then you must believe the Lord with all your heart. All right, come. Now, I know you, honey, I know who you are. [Gap in the audio] Pray the You'll bless her. O thou hideous demon, leave the woman, I adjure thee by Jesus of Nazareth, that you leave her. Amen. About to eat you up, but look, sister. Did you see Florence Nightingale's picture in that book? She only weighed thirty-seven pounds, and she's well now. Go and be like her, in the Name of the Lord. All... [Gap in the audio] That's right. All right now, come, be--get well. Lord, I pray that You'll bless her and heal her, in Jesus' Name. Amen.

**102** Remember, friends, I'm not the gift of healing. The Angel of God is God's gift to send: that's the gift of healing. I'm just a man and--but He's the Angel of the Lord, and He's here, standing right here now. At the day of judgment, you'll find out that Angel is standing right here, close to my side right now. That's not a fictitious belief. Well, look. He--He bears fruits to prove that it's so. See? But I'm trying to get the people prayed for, as many as I can. Come, sister. Lord, I pray that You'll heal her and grant her blessings, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Go, have faith now; everything will be all right with you, sister. God, I pray that You'll bless brother, and may he go and be made well, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you.

**103** Come... [Gap in the audio] ... deaf spirit, come out of the woman; in Jesus Christ's Name, leave her. Can you hear me? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me all right now? How long you been that way? Come here. I want you to notice how simple. Can you hear me? Say, "Amen." "I love the Lord." See, sister, sometimes deaf spirit--only thing I can detect is a spirit. I don't know how deaf they are, how hard of hearing, or whether they're totally deaf. I just know a witness that the deaf spirits bucks up against me, like that, when it's anointing. Now, he's gone from you. You're normal. That's right. Now, go ahead and be... All right, come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? [Gap in the audio] like, it wasn't? Amen. Now, Lord, may she be healed of this heart trouble, in Jesus' Name. The baby, God bless it. All right. Now, you. God bless you. Now, go believing, You'll get well. Come, sister. Lord, I pray that You'll bless our sister, and may--may she get well. I bless her for this purpose, in Jesus' Name. Amen. [Gap in the audio]

**104** God, heal this poor little afflicted baby. I ask this, in Jesus' Name. Bless the woman, Lord, I pray, in Jesus' Name. Likewise, this little fellow, Lord. I pray that You'll heal them both, in Jesus Christ's Name. Let's see the little fellow. Do you believe? [Gap in the audio] God's prophet? You? Raise your hands up in the air. Your arthritis is gone. Go, be healed. All right. God, I pray that You'll heal our sister and make her well; in Jesus' Name I pray. God, I pray that You'll heal our sister and make her well; in Jesus Christ's Name I ask it. [Gap in the audio] I pray that You'll heal her and make her well, in Jesus' Name. Go, rejoice now, believing with all your heart, you can get well. All right, come brother. [Gap in the audio] ... that You'll bless the baby and the mother. May they both be healed, in Christ's Name. Amen. Come believing now. Lord, I pray that You'll bless our sister and may she get well; in Jesus Christ's Name I ask it. [Gap in the audio]

**105** Let's stand just a minute. I think we ought to raise up our hands and give thanks to God. Heavenly Father, we thank Thee in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus, for Thy blessings and power. Grant Your blessings upon them all, in Christ Jesus' Name. Amen.
