---
Date: 1953-06-02
Title: The authority of the Word
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 47 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The authority of the Word



**1** ... Christ's name. Amen. If the people could just believe---have faith for all things. Today, way down on the highway, many miles below here, almost to Jeffersonville, I stopped in a little place to eat a sandwich---taking my children, wife, home. And I was eating, and the phone rang. And from way back in another district, someone had seen the car going down the road with the signs on it. And I stopped at the restaurant to go pray for a woman who was nigh unto death. And as I was ministering to the lady---what a pity---I thought that she was just so close to being healed, and yet that little precious part of faith was blocked so she couldn't get over it. Oh, if she could just only have seen, she'd been sitting here tonight. The Holy Spirit there, perfectly willing, wanting to do it---already had did it. All that can be done has been already appropriated for everyone. Your salvation's already complete. Christ died at Calvary; that settled it. Your healing was completed the same day your salvation was; if you could just believe it. Now, I appreciated one thing in the woman: that she was sincere. She didn't say she believed when she knew she did not. She was honest about it. She said, "I just can't seem to grasp the faith."

**2** Now see, faith doesn't look at any symptoms. Faith doesn't see nothing but victory. Faith is already appropriated, and there's nothing else to be done. No matter, if you were laying, dying, and half-a-dozen doctors was standing around saying, "Their blood pressure's dropping, their heart's failing."---that wouldn't phase you one bit. If you believe that you're going to live, no matter what would take place, you still believe it, see. That's faith. If you can just get to that. That's what you need tonight, is that type of faith.

**3** Now, this centurion: A centurion is a man that's over ... I think the right word would be over a century, which would be a hundred men. And he put himself in the background. Now, I want you to do that. Keep yourself in the background. Never be somebody that you're not. I've often wondered, when wheat was growing in the field, you see the little wheat that sticks up, and just feels like it's so ... the inferiority complex. There's nothing in that head. A heavy head bows. A full head bows. A full heart will bow. "Lord," see, "I'm not worthy." But this man thought he was unworthy. He said, "I'm not worthy that You should come under my roof." He said, "And I didn't think myself worthy to go to You, so I sent someone else." But said, "Lord, I am a man under authority. And I say to this man, 'Go,' and he goes. And to this man, 'Come,' and he comes,"---for he had authority. In other words, if he told that man to go, he must go, because he's over him; he's superior to him. And he must obey his master.

```
Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

```
**4** Now, notice. In his own line of work, he saw who Jesus was. He said, "I know that if I say to this man 'Go' he goeth, to this man 'Come' and he cometh. Now, Lord, I'm not worthy for You to come under my roof, but just speak the word." There you are: the authority. He knew that Jesus had all power over all sickness and all diseases, over death, hell. And he knew that all Jesus had to say was ... speak the word. That settles it. Now, Jesus was willing to come in and lay His hands on the boy, rebuke the fever. So, it astonished Him. He said, "Why, I have not seen so faith ... so much faith, not in Israel." That was to believers. He never seen such faith among them. Just to know that His Word, it was ... a power of testament is the power of authority. And, Christian friend, tonight His Word is the power of authority. What He says, it will be. Regardless of what you or I think, it's going to be just the same.

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Matthew 8:10 When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Luke 7:9 When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

```
**5** He spoke that these days would be here. Someone said, "Are you praying for this or that? What are we going to do about all the immorality of the world?" I said, "It's got to be, there's nothing I can do about it. God said it would be this way; just like it was in Sodom and Gomorrah, so would it be." So, you can't do nothing about it. You can only preach the Gospel, and let those who will, come. And no man can come unless God draws him. So, it all belongs to God. And if God has called you and give you a call to come to Him, you should be very, very happy.

**6** Now, that is God's Word. This is first---always. And any religious doctrine that's not based upon the Word of God---through the entire Word of God---I'm afraid of it. You can make the Word say anything by twisting it around, but it must be proven to be the truth. And now, if I come and told you I could heal you, I would be doing something contrary to the Word, for the Word doesn't teach it that way. I cannot do one thing that Jesus has already done. He healed you when He died for you. That's Scripture. He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed. And as Moses lifted up the brass serpent in the wilderness, so must the Son of Man be lifted up. Moses lifted up the brass serpent for a compound reason: for healing, and forgiveness of sin. The children had murmured against God and against Moses, and serpents had bit them. So, it healed their sick and forgave their sin. And just as the brass serpent was lifted up, so must the Son of Man be lifted up for the same cause. There you are.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

John 3:14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:

```
**7** So, what He has done, I cannot do, or no one else. But now, if you can appropriate faith ... have faith to believe that He has did this and it's for you, individually you, then the healing will be there. It will not fail. So have faith in God. God has set preachers into the church. These pastors here, throughout the countries, wonderful men of God, anointed of God. They have just as much right to pray for the sick as I do, or anyone else. And not only the pastor, but every member of the church has a right to pray for the sick. The gift of healing works in the church---the entire church---not only in the pastor. Said, "Confess your faults, one to another, and pray one for another, that you may be healed; for the effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." I believe Him. Now, I want you to do this for me tonight: Have faith in Him. Then, after that, He sent gifts into the church such as prophesies, and other gifts, teachers, and pastors and so forth, that He's placed in the church, all for the perfecting of the church, to get the people to have faith in His finished work at Calvary.

```
Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

Ephesians 4:12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:

James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

```
**8** Can we bow our heads again? Lord, in whom we take delight to call on Thee, our hearts just melt with love when we think of Your great grace that You've had towards Adam's fallen race. How the Father gave His Son as a ransom, there at Calvary, to take away the sin of the world, and to heal the sick and the afflicted. And how, down through the age, every time a great stirring has been in the church, there's been healings, and miracles, and signs. How that down through all ages, where You came, there was miracles, and signs, and wonders. We thank Thee for people who believe yet today. The question was asked by Your own dear Son---not when He come to the earth would there be holy people, would there be righteous people---but He said, "Will Thou find faith?" How precious that faith today! God, help now our unbelief. And bless the sick and the needy tonight, and the sinner man and woman. May they find grace in their hearts. Through Christ's name we ask it. Amen.

```
Luke 18:8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

```
**9** So, tomorrow night, I'll try to get that story of the Angel of the Lord, and we'll have the picture of it here. Now, let's call from... Let's see. Let's call from about 85. Start at 85 and go up to 100, and see if we can get those in the line, and that... Getting them here is just merely to get the anointing started for the people, that you might... Now, remember, friends, this is not a stage show. We're dealing under the sovereign grace of God. I want you to know that it's for no other purpose. God, who is my solemn Judge, knows that it's for the glory of God, and for the praise of Jesus Christ. And these things are done that it might be fulfilled, which was spoken by our Lord: "The things that I do, shall you also." Who has prayer card 85? [Break in tape.] [That doesn't look... Is that...? See if you got... That's all of them. You count them. If there's not, then they... Sometimes there's somebody out. And then, if they're out, then I don't know what to do, you see.] [ Break in tape.]

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**10** [Unclear word] God, I pray for divine guidance tonight. And now, when Jesus of Nazareth, Your beloved Child, was here on earth, He spoke great things to the people. He never claimed to heal them. He said, "I only do what the Father shows Me." And then, Lord, that it might be fulfilled---His precious Word---in this day that we're living ... great dark hours of trouble, I pray, God, that You'll be merciful, and will heal all that's needy here tonight---both here on the platform, out in the audience, or anywhere. Even in this city, in the places---the convalescent homes, or hospitals, or wherever it may be---many people suffering; our heart goes for them. May Your grace be shown to them tonight. God, grant it. Help us now. Give us a great meeting, great revival of the city. May every church, because of the revival, be filled with people, as the revival is over, coming and taking up their places in the churches. Grant it, Lord, for we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**11** [Break in tape.] ... is your subconscious. Is that right? We're taught that. Now, let's look this way. Here's your first conscious. Here's your second conscious. Now, how many dreamed a dream long time ago, and you still remember it? Let's see your hand. Now, where was you? What part of you was whereabouts? Do you remember what you did in another place, when you was laying on the bed asleep? See. It's your subconscious. Now, when this conscious becomes inactive, this conscious becomes active. All right. Then when that conscious becomes active when this is inactive, then you dream of things you did here while you were in this conscious. And then, when you wake up, you remember over in this conscious what you dreamed about in this conscious, see.

**12** Now, notice. Now, the men... Some of you here, a number of you, didn't hold up your hands, which that's ... that you didn't. Many people doesn't dream at all. I've seen thousands of people that never dreamed a dream. Well, why? Let's just illustrate this now. Watch closely, now. Now, here's the first conscious. Here, a normal man... Normally, a man in the majority, his subconscious be that far from him about, which, just as a parable. Well then, the man that doesn't dream at all, his subconscious would be back as far as that pilaster there, or where... Now, see, when he goes to sleep, he sleeps real sound. A man that dreams isn't sound asleep. Your dream's only just a second, but it's just... You don't get back to it. Now, he can't help that.

**13** Now, what if I'd say to you, "Dream me a dream," you people that dreams? You couldn't do it. Ever what makes you dream a dream could do it, but you can't do it. Now, watch. That man back there can't help because he doesn't dream a dream. This man can't help because he dreams a dream. Now, a seer, or prophet, his subconscious is neither back there nor here; it's right here. He doesn't go to sleep. He just breaks from one dimension to another, see. And he sees things when he stands with his eyes wide open. Now, he can't help that. It's nothing he done about it. It's in God. How many believes that gifts and callings are without repentance? The Bible said so. Jesus Christ was the Son of God from the very beginning. From the Garden of Eden, He was the woman's seed (Is that right?) that was to bruise the serpent's head.

```
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

```
**14** Moses, when he was born, he was born a proper child. God had him brought here. Moses had nothing to do with it. Is that right? John the Baptist: 712 years before he was born, he was the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Jeremiah ... Jeremiah 1:4. God told Jeremiah, said, "Before you was even formed in your mother's womb, I knew you, and sanctified you, and ordained you a prophet over the nations." How could he help it? See. "Gifts and callings are without repentance." You're that way because God made you that way. "Who, taking thought, can add one cubit to his stature?" Why try to impersonate anything when you ... when you're just making a... Well, you're just doing something that's not right, see. If you had brown eyes, you'd never get blue. They're brown. You can't make your stature one inch larger, or smaller.

```
Isaiah 40:3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.

Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

Matthew 6:27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?

Luke 12:25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

Hebrews 11:23 By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.

```
**15** Now, in this, you realize that if these people are standing here and being talked to, it's got to be something that happens here that takes myself into this person, or whatever it is, or out in there, into their life, and opens up their life. Of course, the more you talk to them, it begins to move in; you begin to see more. Talk more, and it opens more. Now, that's when you almost press your way to it. Take up a parable---words. No one knows but God and I alone. And that goes into that dimension. Now, you be in prayer. Pray for me. I'll pray for you.

**16** How do you do, lady? I suppose we are strangers to each other. I do not know you. And I'm not here to make you a public example before the people. And, if you're sick, or something wrong with you, God will reveal that. If it isn't, God will reveal that. And I trust that you come with sincerity. And I believe that you are. Here, sometime ago, a man came to the platform. He thought it was a mental telepathy. He said ... wrote on his prayer card, said, "I got so-and-so, and so-and-so," there, when he come. It was a lie. God called him right out. And the things that he had wrote on the prayer card, come on him right on the platform. He's dying with it today. Don't play with God. It's not playing. And he was a minister, too. It's for believers.

**17** Now, my sister, I just want to talk to you in order to get your life singled out from the rest of all this that's here. In order to do that, like our Lord Jesus... It's Him. It would not be me. And I am just a man---not even a grammar-school education---just seventh grade. So, I know nothing about any of their big words and what they talk about. Only thing I know, I love the Lord Jesus, and He loves me. And that's... I don't know too much even about the book, but I'm acquainted with the Author. That's the best thing. That's right. I'd rather know the Author than His writing. That's right. But I perceive, now, in talking to you that you are a Christian woman. You're a woman of great faith. And now you begin to get little and go away from me, now. And that feeling that's upon you now is nothing to hurt you. You're aware that you're in the presence of something. Isn't that true? It's true. Yes, ma'am. But that's the Angel of the Lord. Do you always notice, in praying, I turn this way, because He always comes from the right-hand side. Always. Never has failed to come from that way. I bring the people up this way so His presence can be with them as they're coming to me.

**18** Now, just a moment ago, you started fading away, and then you come back. I knew that you was a Christian, because I seen you praying. You were kneeling, praying somewhere. You were praying about this meeting. And you said if you could ever get here to the platform, in your prayer---asked if you could be---that you'd be made well. Is that your prayer? Now, see, God can reveal your prayer. You suffer with... It's a tumor. You have a tumor. And the tumor is in the stomach. Is that right? It's causing... Then you also ... you have some kind of attacks, like, I believe it's gallbladder, or something. You get severely sick, like that, I see. Isn't that right? ["That's right."] Is that true? ["That's true."] You are a person that you're against medical aid. You don't fool with doctors, do you? You just trust God. Isn't that right? ["That's right."] I could see your... I seen that. Now, are you convinced that Jesus Christ is rose from the dead, and is here tonight making Himself manifest to make you well? ["I sure do."] You believe that? Won't have to say nothing else, but just ask Him now. And you believe, is that right? ["Yes, I believe."] Does the audience believe that? Now, right now, I don't know what I told the woman ... what was said to her. It was a vision, but I... They tell me after the service is over what taken place, see. But I know something taken place. Now, what you heard, you heard my voice, but it wasn't me talking, 'cause I was somewhere else. And whatever was... I was in another place somewhere. But was it the truth? ["That's the truth."] If every... Was that truth? If it was, raise up your ... ["That's the truth."] All right, then. He said, "The things that I do, shall you also." And that's what He did.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**19** Now, something in the supernatural realm has spoken to you tonight through mortal lips (Is that right?), revealing your life to you ---whatever it was, and what was wrong. Now, do you believe that the Lord Jesus has sent me to pray for you? ["Yes, I do."] Come here. Our Heavenly Father, as we bow in Thy presence humbly as men and women, our heart goes out in deep sympathy for the sick and the needy. And, God, in the midst of criticisms and everything, Thou has taken us through every storm, Lord. And in that great day when we stand there, we want to show battle scars, that we've been on the battlefield. Now, our sister stands here, needy. Thou knowest her condition. You know what's wrong with her, Lord. We do not. Thou knowest, and Thou has revealed to her the things of her life. And I pray that You heal her. Now, this is Thy Word. You said, "They'll lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." "And the effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." Now, we're not righteous in that we're sinless. But, a righteous man is one who confesses his sins to a righteous and holy God, and believes by faith. I ask for her healing in the name of Your Child, Jesus. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, look. If God could reveal to you what was in your life, He can reveal what will be in your life. Is that right? You're going to get well. So you can go now, and believe with all your heart.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

```
**20** How do you do, lady? I don't suppose that we know each other. ["I've seen you, but I don't know you."] Yes, ma'am. Well, I just know I'd never seen you. And I just want to talk to you, just a moment, as your brother. And no doubt that you're in need, or you wouldn't be up here. And, if you're up here, I trust God to make you well. And I'd do all I could. I can pray for you, but I believe that our Lord Jesus, when He spoke to me many years ago---about seven years---and told me to go and pray for the sick people, and get them to believe that nothing would stand before the prayer. Well, that's been confirmed around the world many times---scientific, and everything. There's a little difference. You have had some trouble, or you just been to a doctor, or something. I see you was a ... you've taken some kind of a treatment, or some... It comes with a needle. It's an injection. Isn't that right? And you've taken several of them. I believe that's SR Penicillin. Is that right? I heard Him when He said it. And it's for some kind of an infection in the kidneys. Isn't that right? I see it in the kidneys. And don't you also have a female condition, trouble? Isn't that right? And that's up for an operation for that. Is that true? ["Yes."] Now, is that the truth? ["Yes. That's the truth. That's what the doctor... I went to two different doctors, and that's what they both told me."] Do you believe if we'll ask our Lord Jesus---myself, and all these believing Christians---tonight, that God'll let you get well, sister? ["Yes. I do."] All right. Come here, just a moment. Our Lord, we come to You in the name of the Lord Jesus for this poor, little woman who stands here in need. Thou can make her well. And Thou alone can do this. We are not sufficient, Lord. The only thing that we can do is bring the Gospel. And the Gospel is the Word, plus the power. Gospel came in power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. Lord God of heaven, Creator of all good things, I pray Your blessings to this woman. And as I lay hands upon her as a believer, signifying that I believe that she is worthy of the blessings that I'm asking for. I pray that her faith will mount up. And may she be healed. May she get well and live a good long life for Your glory, I ask in Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, now. And may the Lord Jesus be with you.

**21** I don't know you. I believe we may be strangers. We're strangers. Yes, ma'am. Well then, your life is [Break in tape.] ... where, lady? Well, it's these people sitting here, the lady's... It's right here. You love the Lord, do you? Aren't you needy, too, of prayer? Isn't there some sort of a... Your body swells at times (Isn't that right?), or something. It's kind of like a dropsy. Isn't it? A heart condition. Isn't that right? Do you want to accept your healing? Do you believe that Jesus will make you well? You do. Just stand up to your feet just a moment. Stand up to your... Let's bow our heads. Father, I pray that You'll help her. Seeing the Spirit of the Lord move that way to this poor woman, maybe she is in more need than we think of. And I pray that You'll have mercy on her, and heal her. In Jesus' name, I pray. Amen. God bless you, sister.

**22** Just kind of felt sympathetic for the woman. Yes. That's fine that you would do that, that the Lord would bless you. There's still some connection with this woman and that woman that just sat down over there. Standing here, there's... Let me talk to you, just a moment, if you will. Do you believe that the things that you see done comes from God? It has to, doesn't it? Oh, yes. You have an infection, also. Isn't that right? Uh, huh! Did that woman...? Did you have an infection, or something, there? That's where it was at. See, the lady was healed. And the demon that was doing that was screaming out, you see, for mercy. This one here was calling the same thing, see. It's just like you've got to have a cooperative faith. Jesus put the people out that didn't believe. Where unbelief is, you can do nothing. You can't even preach the gospel. You can't even talk where there's unbelief, hardly. It takes faith. And they try to unite themselves together, and call one to another. And that's what it is. You've also had a great nervous condition, haven't you? Haven't you had a break, or something another like that, a nervous break---a breakdown? I see that you've been very... Say, aren't you something like a... You're a preacher of some sort, aren't you? Kind of a... Yes, you are. And isn't it with something like the Salvation Army, or something like that? Isn't that true? And your husband has some kind of a position in there. Kind of a... You look up to him. Something like some officer in the ranks. Is that true? The Lord bless you. Come here. ["Forty-nine years we've labored together."]

**23** Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, who sent Thy Son Jesus to the earth. And now has raised Him up from the dead after the cruel sins of the world crucified Him. And He appears here with us tonight, in the same revelation that He's always been. The Father shows Him; He works, and He works hitherto. "A little while," He said, "and the world seeth Me no more, yet ye shall see Me. (Oh, God, make me one of the 'ye's.') Ye shall see me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Bless this woman, who I bless in Thy Son's name. May she go home and be well and happy, and serve many days yet, in the kingdom. For Jesus Christ's sake I ask it in His name. Amen. Sister, now, I don't remember just what your case was, but in prayer, I noticed that you are going to be all right. Now, you go on just... You do as I tell you, and you'll be all right. You go away from here tonight, just as happy as you can be. And just be happy, and testifying. See, He's the High Priest of your confession. He wants you to believe it. Accept your healing now. You do. And then, go away testifying. Saying, "Thank the Lord for my healing." Go on. It'll just go away from you, and it'll be gone, see. ["He gave me a promise Sunday. He said, 'I've heard your prayers, and I've seen your tears, and I'll heal you."] God bless you, my sister. ["And I said, 'If I can ever get to Brother Branham's meeting, and have him pray for me, I believe I'll be well.'"] Amen. That's the reason your faith has done that. God bless you, sister. May He help you and bless you, now. Just go like you never had nothing wrong with you, and just bless God, and be thankful.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**24** How do you do, sir. Do you believe that the Lord Jesus is here to heal you, and to make you well? ["From the bottom of my heart."] I believe that. If you'll believe that with all your heart, the diabetes will leave you. Do you believe it? God bless you. And Lord Jesus, may he go tonight, and may this diabetic condition leave his body. And may he be a well man because of his faith. I ask in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Go, be happy, rejoicing, now. And thanks be to God for His great blessings. All right, sir. Are you believing? Then hold faith in God.

**25** How do you do, sir? We are just strangers to each other, are we, sir? Do you believe that the works of the Lord are to be manifested in all ages? that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever? that He truly rose from the dead, and lives among men tonight? You believe that? And before the world was formed, He ordained different things to take place. And some of them, you see done tonight. Is that right, sir? Do you believe that? You are, very much, broken down. Your health is broken down. Many things are wrong with you. I see you, my brother, looks like your coughing a whole lot, something wrong. It's in your throat. No, it's an asthmatic condition. Is that right? Haven't you a bunch of children? I see them at your... About five, or six, little fellows. ["Six."] Six. And your wife is a sick woman, isn't she? She has a kidney trouble---something wrong in the kidneys, I notice. Is that true? Look. Do you have faith to believe that I be God's servant? Now, here's your trouble, brother. You once used to go to church---was a Christian man. And you've fallen away from that, haven't you? Is that right? You went back on God. If He'll heal you and your family, will you promise that you'll serve Him, and go back to church? ["I sure will."] Come here to me. Father, I pray for mercy for this our brother who is in need. And I ask You to be merciful to him, to heal his body, make him well. Send him along the road rejoicing, now. As Your servant, I lay hands upon him in commemoration of the Word of our Lord. The last words that fell from His sacred lips as He left the world, He said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; in My name, they shall cast out devils; speak with new tongues; take up serpents; or drink deadly things, it'll not harm them; and if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." God, grant it to our brother, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God be with you, brother. Go rejoicing, and happy.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**26** Do you believe? Well bless your little heart. Do you like to go to Sunday School? That's fine. You've been having some trouble, haven't you, honey? Isn't it in the head? Kind of a brain condition. Is the parent of the child near? You understand what I'm speaking of, lady? That is the truth, isn't it? Well, you understand that I know; and been to a doctor, and some things has been taking place. And the child needs divine help from God. The doctor's doing all that he knows how to do. God bless him for what he has done, and what knowledge he has to do, but it'll have to come now from greater power than his knowledge. But have faith. I believe the child will get well. Come here, sweetheart. Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, as I hold to my bosom this darling baby, who Satan has determined to do this evil to, hear the prayer of Your servant. Lord, this child is yet young. Its faith would be small, of course; now it's a baby. But, Father, with the faith of Thy servants here, help me, dear God, to have power over this evil one. And, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, leave the child. You might have hid from the doctor, but you won't hide from God. He knows right where you are. And you leave the child, and come out of her. I adjure thee by Jesus, the Son of the Living God, that you depart from the child. I bless thee, my little sister. As a servant of the Lord Jesus, I bless you in His name, that you'll get well, and serve God all the days of your life. Now, I want to ask you something, honey. Do you believe now that you're going to be well? You will. God bless you.

**27** [Break in tape.] There's something... Oh, yes. Now, what you're here for is merely a lift of faith, see. Now, your condition is nervousness. And you're breaking, and going down all the time. And I asked Him... If I'm not mistaken, you was here a few nights ago and was prayed for. ["I was on a cot, and I just stood up. And you said, 'Just stand up.' And you said, 'You'll be all right.' I should believe for a..."] [ Break in tape.] As your brother... You are a mother also, aren't you? Now, you've come here from a distance to be prayed for. And the only thing I can do is ask. Now, I want you to do this: You are sure to die if you remain in the conditions you are now. You can't live but a little while. And now, that's known. Even your doctor knows that. Now, you've got to do this, lady. You've got to get up above that, see. Your way of thinking... See, you're down here thinking you're going, but you've got to rise up here where you think you're going to stay, see. You've got to get above it. "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he." Now, that's not... If you want to call it "psychology," but whatever you want to say, it's the truth. Well now, the thing of it is, you can't come up here unless you got faith in something that'll bring you up here. That's right.

```
Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

```
**28** Now, look. As the lepers that laid at the gate, they said, "Why do we sit here till we die? If we go in the city, we're going to die. If we stay here, we're going to die. But, if we go down to the Samaritans, if they kill us, we're just going to die anyhow. So, if they save us, we live." So, they rose up and went down there to that camp. And God rewarded their faith. Is that right? And they not only saved theirself, they saved the whole city of Samaria, didn't they? Now, you're not invited tonight to go to the enemy's camp; you're invited to come to the Father's house, where He's waiting for you. Will you believe? Here. Lady, it's your life, you see. I can only, as His prophet, I can tell you what started it, but I can't... It turns black in front of me. You see, it's laying ... according to your faith. I can't have faith for you, no more than just ... as long as my gift will carry what I'm talking about. But it takes your individual faith, like anyone else---your faith in saving grace, anything. But you can be well if you'll just throw aside everything, and grind on into it. Do you believe? ["Yes."] Do you believe if I'll ask God to make that evil leave you that it'll be gone from you? And you'll go home and get well, and rise up in strength? Well, I seen people that you look like a big, strong, healthy woman---the size of them---and them eat up with cancer; is now living, because they had faith in God.

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

2 Kings 7:4 If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.

2 Kings 7:5 And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there.

```
**29** Now, bow your heads, if you will. It's mental nervousness. ["Should I believe when I feel like I'm dying all the time?"] See. You must believe regardless of anything, see. You never go to your feeling; you go to your faith, see. There's where the lacking of it is, sister dear. I want you to be well, see. But see, it's a mental disturbance all the time. You must just keep saying, "Thank You, Lord, for my healing. Thank You, Lord." "How're you feeling?" "Wonderful. Thank God for my healing." And just keep on like that. You'll get well. You see what I mean? There's where you climb up over the ripples there. It's a battle. You've got to fight before you have victory, you see. Lord Jesus, bless this woman who I lay hands on, and say to this evil spirit, "You're exposed. God rebuke thee, in the name of His Son, Christ Jesus. May you leave the woman. Come out of her!" And may she go and be well. God in heaven, grant this blessing through Christ Jesus' name. Amen. Look. Raise up your feet, now. Say, "Thank You, Lord." Raise up your hand, say, "Thank You, Lord. Now I'm feeling fine." See, that's right. Now, just go on off the platform. Walk on off yourself. Go on. Let's thank God. Sometimes evil spirits want to hold on, but if you... It's left to the people's faith. They have to leave in the presence. That's true. But, when they get away, they'll return, you see. If the patient can have enough faith to take the thing away itself, much the better. All right.

**30** Do you want to get over that anemia condition? Say, "I thank You, Lord." Now, go off the platform, rejoicing, saying, "Praise be to God." Lady, you want to get over the heart trouble? Say, "Thank You, Lord." ["Thank You, Jesus."] That's the way. Just a moment. The lady sitting right there had heart trouble, too, sitting right there. Got heart trouble, and a stomach trouble with it. Isn't that right, lady? Yes, sir. Is that right? You was healed the same time she was. Both of you, it was caused from a stomach condition. It's not really a heart trouble. What it is is gas on the stomach. When you lay down, it's worse than ever. Is that right? Flutters, and goes on, both of you. Is that right? See, it's stomach trouble with both of you is what was doing it. And the devil screamed out for mercy. The lady sitting right there next to you there has sinus trouble, too, don't you, lady? Do you want to get over that? God bless you. I see right, sitting behind her, there is a lady sitting there that keeps holding the side of her breast. She's got a hurting, and burning in her breast. Isn't that right, lady? That's trying to be ... a demon come in there. Do you accept your healing now? Raise up your hand and say, "I accept my healing." That's right. God bless you, then. Go home and be well. Amen.

**31** Do you want to get over that arthritis, sitting over there against that post, lady? Do you believe that God'll heal you of the arthritis? If you do, you could be healed, if you want to accept it. If you do, God'll make you well. Here sits a lady right out here, that's gall bladder trouble, sitting there. Do you want to get over them gall bladder attacks, lady sitting right on the end of the row? You do? All right. You can have it. God bless you. It's moving all over the building now, everywhere. That lady sitting right next to you has got nervous trouble. Is that right? Accept it. That's the way you're healed. God bless you. Believe. Come, lady. Do you want to get over that nervous trouble, same as she had back there? You was healed while you was sitting there---right there in the chair. Go right on, get healed. Praise the Lord! Thank the Lord!

**32** Come here, lady. Come here to me, just a moment. Do you want to get over the arthritis and be made well? ["I sure do. Praise the name of Jesus."] Stomp your feet up and down. That's it. Go right on off the floor... Why don't you receive healing now? It's all over the building, ready for you, the whole thing. The Spirit of the Living God is moving. Come, bring the lady on. Come on, lady. Do you want to get over your arthritis, too? Female trouble and arthritis. All right. Jerk your feet up and down, say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus, for my healing." Now, go off the platform just rejoicing, and happy, saying, "Praise be to God!"

**33** Do you want to get over your sicknesses? Just ask God, and God'll give it to you right now. Look here, young lady. Do you want to get over stomach trouble? If you do, say, "I..." Go home, and eat what you want to. You're healed, now. Go on, believe God. Let's say, "Thanks be to God!" You want to get over heart trouble? Just go, say, Thank You, Lord, for my healing." Every one of you want to be healed? God is here to make every one of you well. Do you believe it? Stand to your feet. Almighty God, send Thy blessings upon this people. Heal them, every one. I cast away the evil spirit of this building away from these people. In Jesus Christ's name, come out, Satan! Raise up your hands, now, give Him praise. Thank Him for your healing. Come here, preacher.
