---
Date: 1953-11-09
Title: How the Angel came to me
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: the National Guard Armory in Owensboro, Kentucky, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour
Author: William Branham
---

# How the Angel came to me



**1** [Brother Branham reads from John 5:28-37.] ... for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, And shall come forth; they which have done good, unto the resurrection of life, and they which have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation. I can of my own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: ... my judgment is just; because I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true. Ye sent unto John, ... he bare witness unto the truth. ... I receive not testimony from man: but the things I say, that ye may be saved. He was a burning and a shining light: and you were willing for a season to rejoice in his light. But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me that the Father hath sent me. And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me.

```
John 5:28 Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,

John 5:29 And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.

John 5:30 I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.

John 5:31 If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.

John 5:32 There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.

John 5:33 Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth.

John 5:34 But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.

John 5:35 He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.

John 5:36 But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me.

John 5:37 And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.

```
**2** Shall we bow our heads just a moment for prayer. Our Heavenly Father, we come tonight to worship Thee. And we're thankful for the opportunity that we have of coming. And through this channel of Holy Spirit which has been bought by the blood of Jesus Christ, that we have access to the throne of grace through the name of Jesus. And we're so happy for it tonight. And we pray now that You will forgive us of our sins. And as we've gathered here, scattered around about over the city, in the little auditorium here, tonight, with this little group of people, I pray that Your holy presence will meet with us. And we know that You're already here. And we pray that You will do the exceedingly, abundantly, tonight and may our hearts rejoice. May every Christian take a new hope tonight. And may, if there be any unsaved, may they just renounce sin in their life tonight, and come, and believe, and be saved. Grant it, Father, and meet with Thy servant here, Lord, and help me as I hold the purchase of Your blood before me. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**3** It has been one of the most amazing things that I have noticed along the lines of my ministry for our Lord Jesus, is the peculiarity of people. And a study of human life is one of the greatest things that a person can study, to watch nature of people. And the different parts of the nations and worlds to where you go, you'll notice that there's a different attitude that people takes towards Christ, towards His services, and towards His servants, towards worship. And one of the things has been that one type of meeting will just be wonderful in one part of the country, where it won't work in the other part of the country. Now, I believe, mostly to blame for that ... or, not to blame, but mostly is the way the people are taught. And the church will never live higher than its pastor teaches. You seldom find that. If you got a good, sound, sane, Gospel teacher, you'll usually find that type of church. And it's just where your pastor leads you. The pastor that you feed on.

**4** You know, I've noticed that among ... I have two Bibles. One of them is nature. I watch that closely, for God lives in His Bible of nature. You take an animal when it feeds off of a certain type of ground, that animal will turn the color of that ground, if you notice it. Take for instance, if you take even to the varmint coyote down in Mexico, you notice him there. He's kind of ... them red weeds and things, the coyote turns red. And up in this part of the country, or farther up, of course, in the west land, he'll turn a brown looking, and kind of a bluish-brown because he feeds in that part of the country. The deer will be the same way. The same little mule deer, and way down in Mexico is a reddish looking. Up here, he's grayish looking, as he goes on farther north, he turns dark. It's what ground he feeds on.

**5** And you notice another thing about nature, that whenever you find out in the desert, from Arizona and around, you find there's a group of a ... Everything out there where's there's no rain, it's always got stickers on it. Every weed you get a hold of has got a sticker on it. Well, then you take them weeds and come up here where they have a lot of rain, it doesn't have any sticker on it. That's a good lesson. See, if the church is all dry, and no Spirit in it, they always got stickers that boost around, see. You need a good, old-fashioned, Holy Ghost rain, don't you? That softens you up. That's right. And, the church can't do it yourself. It takes God to do it, with you. God can't do it without you, and you can't do it without God.

**6** Mr. Woods is here tonight somewhere. I believe he's taking recordings here and Mr. Beeler. We was in Colorado not long ago, and I was thinking of a spring I used to go by up there. This little old spring, always seemed to be the most happiest spring I ever seen. I always liked to drink at it because it's always a bubbling, bubbling, bubbling. I sat down one day, and thought I'd talk to that spring. And I said, "What you bubbling about?" Well, 'course it couldn't talk back, but I just have to answer for it, see. I said, "Maybe you're happy because you're jumping and carrying on like that because that there's deers come here and drink out of you. You're a very cool, nice water." "No." "Maybe because bears come by and drink." "No." I said, "Well, maybe because I come by is what make you bubble like that." "No." I said, "Well, what makes you bubble like that?" If he could answer me, he'd say, "Now, look, Brother Branham, it isn't me bubbling, it's something behind me, pushing me and making me bubble." So, that's just the way it is with a Christian.

**7** I had a man tell me, say, "Now, Billy, you're getting over amongst a bunch of holy-rollers." And said, "They all are worked up by excitement." Said, "They're just a bunch of excitement, that's all there is to it. They just scream, and jump, and holler." Well, there's got to be something making them do that. So that's what it is. It isn't them jumping, it's something in them jumping. That's right. If I go out tonight, and could speak to the star and say, "What makes you shine? You're so pretty. You're just lighting up the heavens and everything. What makes you shine like that?" If he could talk, he'd say, "Brother Branham, it ain't me shining, it's the sun shining on me." That's what it is. It isn't the church that's shining, it's the Holy Spirit shining on the church. That's right. That's what gives the Life, the testimony, and makes them what they are.

**8** Not long ago, I used to pastor a little Milltown Baptist church over here in Indiana. I was staying with an old man named George Wright. I'd come home of a night, and I noticed out in the corner, when I'd come in about ten o'clock, and there was a ... way in the country, and warm summertime, there was an old nightingale used to sit out there. And how he would sing. My, my! You know, birds are happy. You never see one of them with a great, drawed-down look like we have, do you? You never. Little bird gets up real early of a morning and just sings, and throws his head up, and just sings to the glory of God. You never heard of one of them having high blood pressure, did you? Or having to be operated on? He just glorifies his Maker, that's all. But we wonder around sometime.

**9** And this little old nightingale, he would just sing, and sing, and carry on. I thought, "Well, what makes him sing like that all through the night?" I noticed on a cloudy night, he would sing, and then he would stop, and then he would sing, and then he would stop. And I got to studying the life of the nightingale. So, the nightingale, what he does, he looks heavenward, always. And when he can see a star, or any kind of a light, he'll start singing, because that he knows the sun's shining somewhere to shine on that star. Well, that's what I think about a good, old-fashioned, Holy Ghost meeting. When I can hear a good, old, hearty, "Amen," once in awhile, or a "Hallelujah," or somebody jump up and scream and cry a little bit, I know the Son's shining somewhere. That's all. It just kind of gives you just a real good feeling of that type. In these meetings ... Someone said not long ago, they had wrote me a little letter and said, "Brother Branham, God raised Brother Roberts up to take your place." I said, "Well, I'm glad somebody is in the work."

**10** He said, "Because that you don't pray for enough people." He said, "People come to your meeting, and they feel that they never get prayed for. You just get a few up on the platform, and after a while, you're all sapped out, and they take you out. Haul you around a half hour to come to your self." Said, "They never get prayed for. You can't get to them." Well, that's the truth. That's exactly. But, you see, he said, "Brother Roberts will pray for five hundred, while you're praying for two." That's right. But Brother Roberts is doing what God told him to do, and I'm doing what God told me to do. See? That's just the difference, see. See? So, I can't be Brother Roberts, Brother Roberts can't be me. We're, either one of us, servants of the Lord. That's right. Trying to minister to the people. Do the best that we know how for the glory of God. And so, Brother Roberts has one way of... God give him a way of just a real, strong, predominating, if you excuse the expression, "bulldog faith." He just stands up there and grips a hold of it, and he believes for anything. And somebody comes up that has got demon possession or something or another, or cancer, or tumor, he'll stomp his feet, and scream out, and nothing else, scare it away. He gets the job done, though. That's all right. People are getting healed. So, I say, "Praise the Lord." Sure.

**11** Now, I couldn't do that. See? Because I'm not Brother Roberts, see. Now, I like that real, hold-on faith that he's got. Brother Jaggers, and many of them, Brother Freeman, Fleeman, Freeman, I believe it is, and many of those others has got that real gripping faith. I call that, "gifts of healing." They believe what they're talking about. They look out here and read it in the Word, Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and say, "Come up here. I challenge it right now, and I'm ready to go after it." I like that. I pray for them brothers all the time. "God, just send them, go on. Just run out every evil spirit in the country, if we can." That's the way to do it. Sure.

**12** Now, I like that. And I appreciate those brothers' real, predominating, over-jumping faith, you see. They just challenge anything, grab a hold of it and hold onto it. I like that. I was a different person. I guess I'm just kind of slow. And I kind of watch where I put my feet. Kind of particular where I'm walking. And, oh, I don't know, funny kind of a guy, I guess. Now, that goes all right in some parts of the country, some it doesn't. But I guess I could say a gift of healing, because I believe anybody that has faith in healing has a gift of healing. Because every gift is operated by faith. Is that right? That's all you can have, is faith to believe it.

**13** And now, there's no one, Brother Jaggers, Brother Roberts, or myself, or no one else, that can heal another person. There's none of us claim to. We don't heal people. We only try to get them to look to the Man that's already healed them; Jesus Christ, and get them to accept it by faith, and that settles it. When Jesus healed them back there, I believe that every sick person was healed when Jesus died at Calvary. I believe I can prove that by the Bible. That by His stripes, we were, past tense, we were healed. And every sinner in the world was forgiven when Jesus died at Calvary, but it will never do you any good until you accept it, see. You've got to accept it, then it becomes your personal property. Then you could get down here at the altar, you wouldn't necessarily have to come, but I believe in altars. You get down at the altar, you could cry, you could pray, you could walk up and down the altar, you could pull your hair, and just go on, but that ain't what saves you. I believe in all of that. Yes, sir. But that isn't what saves you. You will never be saved, until you believe. Is that right?

**14** You have to believe. And when you really believe it, no matter if you're at the altar, out in the street, or wherever it is, when you believe it, and accept it, then it becomes your personal property, a gift of God, by grace. And you couldn't have any idea of getting right with God, until first He drawed you. So, it comes by election then, isn't it? And everybody here that's ever heard God knock at their heart's door, ought to be the happiest person in the world. Because there's some people, He will never knock at their heart. He would, but in order to be God, He knowed the end from the beginning. He's not willing that any should perish. Well, you say, "Preacher, how do you preach the Gospel then? How do you know?" I don't know who they are.

**15** Here's a Gospel preacher. As like unto the kingdom of Heaven, a man went forth and cast the net into the sea, and when he drawed the net in, that's the Gospel, and when he drawed it in, he had some fish in there. He had some crawfish in there. And he had some turtles in there. And he had some snakes in there. And he had some waterbugs. And he had everything in there. As long as the Gospel net was over them, they all looked the same. But when he lifted the net, he just noticed, just like a revival. The preacher throws the Gospel net, he pulls everything up here he can. Well, first thing you know, the old turtle looks up and says, "There ain't nothing to it." And here he goes right back to the mud puddle. The first thing you know, here's that big old water bug, plop, plop, plop, plop, frog, too, you know, just as hard as he can go, right back to the puddle. "There's nothing to it. Somebody stepped on my toes. There ain't nothing by hypocrites up there. I ain't going to stay." Away he goes. The old snake, serpent, "I told you. I knowed that woman was just..." There he goes, right back to the water.

**16** But there's some fish in there, too, see. So, it ain't my business. I just throw the net in the pond and pull it. God takes out what's fish. Is that right? God takes the fish. I have nothing to do with it. I don't keep His books. He knows who's who. But it's us to preach the Gospel. That's up to God to do the saving. And now, when you're saved, you're just then hitting the right road. A minister said to me not long ago, he said he was seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost. A great man. He said, "Brother Branham, I believe I've got the Holy Ghost." I said, "Well, believing doesn't give it to you, brother. It's a gift of God." And he said, "Look, Brother Branham," said, "Abraham believed God by faith, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness." I said, "That's right. Exactly. But, He give him the sign of circumcision, in commemoration, as a memorial of his faith." And today, when we say that we believe, we can believe in a measure, but when God gives us the baptism of the Holy Ghost, He confirms our faith, and seals us. Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your Redemption." The Holy Ghost is a confirmation of your faith in God. God has confirmed it, and recognized it so, and put the seal of approval on you. That's what we want, isn't it? That's what the church needs. That's what makes you alive.

```
Romans 4:22 And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

James 2:23 And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.

```
**17** Now, back to divine healing. I have been wondering, Brother Bosworth, all along has talked to me about it. He said, "Brother Branham, I believe that if you would do something different once in your meetings. You got in the same routine, and so," he said, "if you do something different, I believe you'd get to more of the people." So, if the Lord willing, beginning tomorrow night, I'm going to come down to the platform, if the Lord willing, preach awhile, and just see if we can't pray for groups of people for the next two or three nights while we got plenty of time, and nobody is in a hurry. How many is born-again in here? Let's see how many is in here born-again. Well, we got forever. Is that right? We're just having a little--just a little pre-jubilee here. We got forever. We ain't going nowhere. So, we're going to live forever. You believe that, don't you? So, what's our big rush? What do we have drive ninety mile an hour for? See? Let's just take our time. Be better off, don't you think so? If we just take our time. So, let's just take our time and see what the Lord will do. Now, here is to the... Leading to this spot, and I'll have to hurry and close, because I just got a few more minutes before praying for the sick.

**18** I do not believe this... Since you're small audience tonight, I'm going to make a confession. I do not believe that God ever intended a gift of this type to be used for these type of meetings. Because it's done a great work, and it is a divine gift. God, who is my solemn judge, who I stand here, knows that I'm truthful to you. I believe God's proved that to you, just that it's truthful. Now, I believe that it was born as a prophetic utterance. Oh, many people call it one thing, and another thing, and so forth. I don't know what it is, just so the Lord loves me, and I love Him, and settles it with me. Don't have to be anything, call it anything, just so it gets the results for the Lord Jesus, and for His people. That's the main thing. It has caused many others, Brother Roberts for one, Brother Jaggers, most all of them, they come sit right where you are sitting. They seen the Lord working, it inspired their faith, and said, "Here we go." And they went out and done something for the Lord. I hope there's fifty comes out of this meeting the same way. That's right. Go out and do something. It's all for the kingdom of God, all for His glory.

**19** I remember when Brother Roberts went back in behind the little place... Brother Bosworth, you was there that night in Kansas City, and Brother Roberts come back there, had a little bitty tent meeting over there with a dozen or two people in it. And said, "Brother Branham, do you think God would answer?" I said, "He will answer any man's prayer that will be sincere." That's right. So, away he went. This is here. Now, visions... Now, this is just... I don't preach doctrine in these meetings, nothing but divine healing. If this is contrary to what you believe, you do just like I do when I'm eating cherry pie. When I hit a seed in a cherry pie, I don't throw the pie away, I just throw the seed away. I keep on eating pie. So, you do the same thing, see. What you believe about this, it's all right, and what you don't ... see. Why, you just throw it away, but just keep on eating what you think's right.

**20** I believe that before the foundation of the world, according to Ephesians one, that God knew us, and knew that He was sending me, and the other ministers, and so forth to preach the Gospel before the world was ever formed. I believe that's Scriptural teaching. And that's got a lot of Calvinistic wing to it. I believe the Calvinists is all right, they got a Scripture to stand. So has the Arminian, but they both run out and ride on limbs--broke off, made issues. God just brought the whole thing back, and stuck it in the book of Ephesians and straightened it out. That's right. Just exactly. So, it's where we're at. One runs this way, and one runs this way, and one runs radical this way, and that way. That's the way the church always has gone. That's man, you see. He don't want to be led by God. But, whenever we get to a place that we forget that we are brethren, and we're all striving for one place, that's when we've left God. We've got to recognize one another, even in our peculiarity.

**21** I got a brother that's tall and thin, blonde-headed, pug nose, and fair skin, he don't look like me. We don't act alike, you'd never know we was brothers. But his daddy is my daddy. And if the family accepted him looking the way he did, accepting me looking the way I did, then we accept one another to be brothers. That's right. So, that's the way we have to do it in this Christian realm. We have to believe. Have faith in one another. When the Christians lose faith in one another, the devil's got the church right then. That's right. We got to have faith and confidence in one another. Bear with one another.

**22** Now, in this... When a little bitty baby, I'd see visions. Seen visions all along through my life. All the way down. Not exactly when the Angel come and told me what to do as you've heard the story and read it many times, but it was all my life. And it has always been to me, something that usually, the type of people that I usually get is what went through those healing lines and so forth in other places, and has been the leftovers. The people that's been in healing lines somewhere, and failed to appropriate enough faith under the preaching of the Gospel, and they drop back into the meeting again. Well, what does that? That's a good thing. Then, God has a reinforcement back here to catch that type. See? Now, that's good.

**23** Now, for instance, I happened to be ... I met a friend a while ago. I was looking to see if he was here, and he is. First time I seen him in years. It was one of my first callings when I went to the ministry of divine healing. He was in Saint Louis. Many of you has heard me talk about... Many times in my meetings that I used to carry a Bible under my arm and walk around when I was first ordained in the Baptist church, and I thought I was a preacher. So, I happened to go one day in a tent meeting. I heard a fellow preaching that would preach till he got plumb out of breath, buckle his knees together, and catch his breath. You could hear him about two squares away, and come back up preaching. You've heard me say that a lot of times. That man's in the building tonight. I said from then on, I kind of kept quiet about being a preacher. I didn't say much about it. My old, slow ways don't think of it that fast. But, anyhow, it was just at the time the Angel of the Lord had just met me up at the place called Green's Mill up there, Tunnel Mill. And it told me about these things. That minister is Rev. Mr. Daugherty from Saint Louis.

**24** He called me over to his home to his little girl. He had heard of some things, and he called me to his little girl who was laying with... The doctors didn't exactly know what was the matter with her, I think they called it something like a... You get palsy, and shake, and it's a Saint Vitas Dance. I believe that's the right way you pronounce that. And doctors had done all they could do for the little thing, and ministers all over the city had prayed and reverently and everything, and they had anointed the little child with oil. And her father was a great believer in divine healing. So, he called me, and at that time I didn't have clothes fit to wear over to Saint Louis. And my congregation ... I didn't have any money, so they made up eleven dollars and got me a chair car that night, and I left Louisville, Kentucky on a train to go to Saint Louis to meet Brother Daugherty. One of the brothers let me have his overcoat, and one of my other brothers loaned me a suit. And I went over to Saint Louis. I never forget when the train pulled in the next morning, Brother Daugherty was standing there. He looked weary. He said, "Brother Branham, have you heard anything from the Lord?" I said, "No, Brother Daugherty. How is the baby?" Said, "She's real bad." I went to his home, and there I met his lovely wife, and her face drooped down. She was just wilted.

**25** Week after week, this poor little baby laying there, little curly-headed, sweet little girl like that, just as bad as she could be, just a raging. Her lips, where she had bit her tongue and everything just a moving and carrying on. Nothing could do it any good. She was dying. Poor little thing. Little arms looked just pitiful. Little blonde-headed, curly-headed darling, about like my little Rebekah. I looked at the little thing, I thought, "Mercy." And there was Christians, filled with the Holy Spirit all in the house. Prayer meetings was going everywhere. No results. All right. We went down, we had prayer for the baby. No results. Went down to the church, we had prayer to his church. There with his father, I knelt. And I said, "God, if You will let that little baby get well, I promise You I will move on out into the services." Always felt that I should.

**26** I went back up to the house, didn't see much results. We had waited for hours. I was sitting in the room, and the poor family, and the people trying to help them, and they was just going back and forth. And the poor little baby, just terribly, just... She made noise like an animal, just whining. It whined so much and screamed till it didn't have any voice left, and it was just going like an animal. The little girl was making a funny noise. Well, I sat there for a little while, and went in to the front room and sat down. I walked out on the street, and walked up and down the street praying. I didn't want to get too far. I'd never been in Saint Louis, so I didn't want to get off the street, the one street. So, I come back, the old father met me out there, the grandfather of the child, said, "Has the Lord said anything?" I said, "Not yet."

**27** So, I went on back. Sat in the house, and there was some ladies in there praying. And when I started, I seen a vision materializing. Now, I didn't know exactly what it... And someone come in, it left me. I went out. Went out and sat in the ministers car on the outside. I was sitting out there with my head down praying, and I opened my eyes and I felt Something going around like "Whooo". It was that light. I want Brother Daugherty to be sure to get one of those pictures tonight. He's never seen one. That's what healed his daughter. And so, there, This was moving around. And I watched and it broke in front of me, and I seen out over the hood of that car just exactly what took place, and just what was wrong with the child. I started back in, and Grandfather Daugherty was standing at the door. And, "Brother Daugherty," I said, "now, you got confidence in me?" Now, he and his wife are sitting here present. I said, "You got confidence in me as God's servant?" Said, "Yes, Brother Branham."

**28** I said, "I have 'Thus saith the Lord.'" Oh, my! You know, I've never watch it ... that feels, and how many times, Brother Daugherty, that's been around the world. How little did I know it then, though. Then I said, "Now, you do just exactly what I say do, Sister Daugherty." She said, "All right." I said, "I want everybody out of the house, just the family." Said, "Go to the kitchen and get a little granite pan. Get some clear water, and a little white cloth." She did. And come back in. I said, "I want Grandfather Daugherty to kneel to one side of me, and the father of the child to the other side. Now, as I repeat the model prayer: Our Father who art in Heaven, I want the mother to strike that cloth, wring it out, and will wash it across the face, then it's hands, then it's feet just as I finish up. And just as I finished up, the Word of the Lord came. "Thus saith the Lord, the baby will be healed." And told just what happened, where it was to have a bone placed back in it's back where it jumped off of the cellar door and knocked the bone out of place. Where you at, Betty? I know you're... Would you stand up just as a testimony to the people? There's the girl tonight. That's been about seven years ago. Brother Daugherty, is that true? You're sitting here. That's the father, and the mother and them sitting there, the mother right on the end, and the friend. Now, thank you. God bless you.

**29** Now, you see, there was something that had to be done. Now, just one more little testimony before leaving. Down in the same part of Kentucky, came a Methodist preacher, and me, I was a Baptist preacher. The man was Brother Johnson. You know him, Brother Beeler, from down in New Albany. And so, he had a Methodist church, and we used to tease one another about... He'd say, "If you go up to Billy's, he'll drown you being a Baptist and so forth," you know, just like that. But we were good friends. I think I have time for this little testimony, then I'll hurry. Now, I want you to give your undivided attention, quickly. And he said, "Billy, if you will come down and preach for me one night, I'll not ask you to pray for sick people."

**30** When I'm home, I don't like... You'll never know what a pull that is to your mind. And I want you to watch and play these tapes back, and find out on your case just what It said, and by God's grace, I will stand just behind what it says. Now, no matter what it is, and how long it takes. Here recently, I had a testimony come in, there was two women. They had been in the meeting, and one of them come, and she had a horrible stomach trouble. And she was prayed for, and the Angel of the Lord come and told her what she had done, everything. She was willing to make it right, and It said, "Thus saith the Lord, go home and eat what you want to, for you're going to be well." She went home, the lady was a neighbor of hers, had a big lump on her throat, it told her the same thing. She had some restitutions to make. And spoke in the name of the Lord that she should be healed.

**31** Well, the woman with the stomach trouble went home. She said, "Well, I believe that with all my heart." What is sin, friend? Sin... Smoking cigarettes is not sin. Drinking whiskey is not sin. Committing adultery is not sin. That's the attributes of sin. "He that believeth not is condemned already." Unbelief is sin. Is that right? You do those things because you don't believe. Jesus said, "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me has everlasting life." See? The thing is your faith. And if you believe God, you won't do those things. See? That's just the attributes of sin. You smoke cigarettes because you don't believe God. You drink whiskey because you don't believe in God. You say you do, but your testimony, your works, speaks too loud for your testimony. That's right. By their what, you shall know them? Their testimony? Their fruits you shall know them. That's right. By their fruits. You do those things because you're an unbeliever.

```
Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

John 3:18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**32** All right. Then when this woman, she went home and she started to eat, and it like to killed her. Oh, she was so sick. She'd vomit. Days passed, weeks passed. About six weeks passed. Now, I've got her testimony. She's just one of the thousands, but I'm just giving this for an example. She lived in Illinois. And she come to another meeting and gave the testimony. She said, "One morning..." Oh, she was suffering so bad with that stomach hurting her, ulcers. And she was standing at the window, and she was washing the dishes, and she said she was so sick. She had tried to drink a drink, a few sups of coffee. And it made her so sick. And she said, "After, a real cool feeling went over her." So she goes back, and she said she got real hungry. And she just picked up a little piece of toast that one of the children had left, they had gone to school, she started to eat that toast. She said all that buttered toast would make her so sick, but she was so hungry she couldn't stand it." So, she ate the little bite or two of toast, didn't ... No ill-affect, and she ate the rest of it. So, they had some oats left over, so she just ate in the children's oats. And that usually would make them really sick, but it didn't make her sick. So, she just poured her a cup of coffee and drank it. So, it was all right. So, she was just feeling fine. She said, "Well, I don't understand this." So, down the street she went to tell her neighbor four or five doors below her. And when she got in to tell her neighbor, she found her neighbor in there screaming at the top of her voice, and the lump had just left her throat.

**33** So, they didn't know what it was. What it was, on the platform, when the Angel of the Lord had pronounced that, He can't be treated just at every second. But, He had passed through that neighborhood confirming the Word of God, making it right. Sometimes you pray ... I believe Daniel, the Angel couldn't get to him one time when he was asking for, I believe twenty-one days, wasn't it. Twenty-one days before it could get there. See? Now, if they'd have lost faith, they'd have lost out. But you do just exactly what God says do. This is His Word, first, the other is secondarily.

```
Daniel 10:12 Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.

Daniel 10:13 But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.

```
**34** Now, at this meeting that night, when I started out of the building, had to let me out through the back. And I went down, he said, "I told you," this reverend said, "I would not ask you to pray for any sick people." Said, "Brother Branham, I got a little girl here..." Many of you brethren know here, you here from Jeffersonville. I happened to see Dr. Caubles sitting over there, also, from the church from the Church of the Open Door, in Louisville. Just noticed you. And Mrs. Caubles... Well, God bless you. I didn't notice you there. Did you know they were here, Dr. Bosworth? And Doctor, I believe you're acquainted with the case that I'm fixing to say. And so, Dr. Caubles is from Louisville, got one of the biggest churches in the city of Louisville. And a very dear, sweet brother. I have to say that too, because he really is, Brother Caubles. You ministers want to shake his hand and learn of him. He's a very dear person, he and his wife and family. He was the one who followed around with his little girl one time, who was very, very sick.

**35** And how I come to get acquainted with Dr. Caubles, he had such a great prestige, and everything around the city, and with the degrees and everything he had. Me, my poor little sassafrass didn't make much difference around that. So, one time, some of his friends come and told me he had an operation, and his throat was bleeding to death out at the Catholic hospital in Louisville. And they wanted me to go over and pray for him. When I went over there, the man had so many missionaries and things standing in the room, and he was up there grasping in his breathe trying to get people saved standing there in the room. Well, I didn't want to go in before a man of that. I just knelt down behind a Coke box and begin to pray for him like that, turned around and went back home. And when I got back over home, they called again and wanted to know. I said, "I prayed for him behind the coat box over there." And they said, "Well, come on over."

**36** I walked in to Brother Caubles, he was standing there hemorrhaging to death, dying right there on the bed, no hopes for him to live. I asked our Lord Jesus to heal him, and the blood stopped immediately, and not one hour after, but it was right then. Been well ever... Is that right Brother Caubles? That's right. And he went right on down there, down in Jamaica, somewhere down in the countries like that. Been normally and well. He brought his little girl. I couldn't tell what was wrong with the little girl. And he would always catch me at home. He kept following meetings. Bless his heart, he was up in Windsor, Ontario, and everywhere. And one day at Chattanooga, Tennessee, we had just come in, the anointing was still on me. He wanted to shake my hand, and the little girl walked over and sat down, and there a vision broke forth and showed just exactly what it was, and she was healed right on the spot. Is that right, brother, sister? That's right. And one of his girls... Oh, my! The world's full of it everywhere. Oh, it's full of the goodness of God.

**37** Going down the steps to Brother Johnson's that night, I thought, the way he told me, he had a Sunday school. I'm just wanting to show you what the gift is for. And then, going down, he said the Sunday school teacher, the way he talked to me, that she must be in straight-jacket she was so mentally gone. And I went down the steps, and there stood a nice looking little lady about thirty years old. She said, "How do you do, Brother Branham?" I said, "Are you the patient?" "Yes, sir." I said, "What's the matter?" She said, "I don't know."

**38** I prayed for her and went on. And then, a few days after that, on the street, wife and I met her and she had two women with her, and oh, she was in such a condition. We stepped up in a little place there called "The White House," I prayed for her again. So, when I went overseas, she kept calling my wife. She said, "Oh, if he ever--if an Angel of the Lord ever visits," said, "I can't get out of this city, away from here." She was afraid she was mentally upset. She'd been going to this famous psychiatrist in Louisville for around eight years, twice a week, ten dollars a trip. Why, her poor husband was broke from keeping her. And it didn't do no good, and just kept on. She had went to every divine healing that come through the country. They had them all there. And they poured enough oil on that girl anointing her to make a gallon, I guess. And they'd stomp devils out, and they kicked, and screamed, and hollered, and everything else, and trying to get... Now, the devil don't care how much you kick and scream. He just sat right there. He knows what he's doing, but he knows how much authority he's got. He hasn't got none when real faith is standing there. He's stripped of everything he has got. But, you have to know that.

**39** So, she had been everywhere. And people had been there praying for her from all over the country, and for years. And so, one morning up there in the house, I haven't got time to go into details, but the Angel of the Lord come into the house. My wife and all of them, they was there, seen it. And she said, "Bill, let me call that little woman. Will you?" And I said, "Why, sure. Call her." I went out. The first thing you know, there was a man come in from Louisville that had cancer, from a Baptist church in Louisville. And God healed him while we was in the room, and here he sits right here now. Is that right, brother? Yes, sir. Stand up as a testimony there. From the Baptist church in Louisville.

**40** I was sitting in the room, and I had to hurry out there. My wife said, "Now, get to this little girl, or this little woman." She had two or three little children. I walked in where she was, only thing I had seen her these couple times, and just knowed she belonged to Methodist church, Main Street Methodist Church in New Albany. And she was sitting there holding her hands like this. I said, "What's the matter, sis?" She said, "Oh, I don't know, Brother Branham." She said, "I guess I'm just crazy." And I said, "I don't think so. You don't talk like a crazy person to me."

**41** So, I had to get her mind stretched different, you see, till I could get her off of that thought. I said, "Let's take a little trip, and go back before the world begin. Stand off and watch the world come into existence before God made His first star," and so forth, like that. In a few moments, I felt the Angel of the Lord pulling into this channel. And when It did, I seen a little black car running like that, right across my room. I said, "Was you ever in an accident?" She said, "No, sir."

**42** Now, on a platform, I'd have prayed for her and let her go on, see? But I had her before me. I watched again just a minute. The first thing you know, here it comes. I seen the vision break then, come right straight in. It caught me. No way of getting away, then. I said, "I see a little car. You're sitting by a blonde-headed man. And there's an automobile coming. You pass, then there's a big light. It's a train." And there went the vision. She let out a scream and jumped out into the floor, fainted. So, the vision went on. Here it was. She got married, just before, her husband went overseas. Just a few weeks, she was just a young woman, this last war. And when he went overseas, her being just a girl, she started to run around, being lonesome, and she started running around with another man. And she went out in a little car with him one night, and lived untrue to her marriage vow. And on the road home, was almost killed by a train. Told her all about what she had did. And then when she raised her up in the floor, she begin screaming to the top of her voice. Wife come in there and said, "Why, what was the matter?"

**43** And she said, "Oh, Brother Branham, don't you tell that to nobody." I said, "I thought you told me you was a Christian." She said, "I am." She said, "I've confessed that to God years ago." I said, "It wasn't God you sinned against, it was your husband, your marriage vow. You was a married woman." I said, "You will have to go make that right with your husband if you ever get well." She said, "I can't do it. It will break our home up." She said, "I've got three little children," and she said, "my husband would leave me."

**44** I said, "Now, lady, I've done all I can do." I said, "You know, there isn't a psychiatrist in the world could pull that out of you. That's way back in the gable-end of your soul, and you're just ... you subconsciously think of it till you got yourself in that condition." I said, "That's the whole thing. Now, there's the truth. And you know it's the truth. There's no other person in the world but you, that man, me, knows this now." She said, "That's right. But," said, "I just couldn't make it right." I said, "Well, now, that's all I can do." Said, "Oh, you're not going to leave." I said, "Yes, ma'am. There's a man sitting in the room, which is this man here." I said, "He's very seriously ill. Fevered up there this morning," I said, "I've got to go in. There's some more people coming." And she said, "Oh, I can't." Said, "What must I do?" I said, "Go call your husband and make it right. Get right. Get the thing clean. That's the only way to do it."

**45** And she said, "Well," she said, "I just can't do it." She said, "Oh, I just ... I'll die!" Started like that. And I happened to look around, and I seen something forming by the side of her, and I looked, and there stood a man, black-headed, combed his head over kind of sideways, kind of wavy, a little older than she was. I said, "Is your husband a black-headed man?" She said, "Yes, sir." Said, "Kind of tall?" "Yes, sir." I said, "Isn't he a deacon in the church?" She said, "Yes, sir." I said, "He works for a Chevrolet company, doesn't he?" "Yes, sir." I said, "He has the same thing to confess to you." No wonder Brother Johnson can't have a revival. I said, "Looky here." I said, "Your husband, when he landed in France, he taken a girl," and told what he did. And I said, "There's a woman works in the office, and she was wearing a pink dress, and they was in a green Chevrolet car no more than three days ago. And he's guilty of the same thing." Said, "Not my husband." I said, "Well, you all better get things right. You better call him up."

**46** So, Meda got to talking to her and persuaded her to do it. She went and called her husband, and they got in the car and met on the road. So she got in his car, and she said, "Now, I want to tell you..." And she confessed it all to him. And he was looking at her. She said, "Now, didn't you go out with this woman, the office woman there two or three days before that, and you was in this green Chevrolet car, and she was wearing a pink..." Said, "How did you know it? Where you been?" And so, she told her where she'd been. He said, "Honey, that is the truth. And I will admit it's the truth. And if you will forgive me, I will forgive you. And we'll raise our children and start life right."

**47** In a few minutes, here they come back up the steps, tears streaming down their cheeks... Ah-ha! Satan lost his hold then, see. Now, there's where it's at, see. Now, that settled it. But as long as that sin was under there, no matter how loud you scream, how hard you stomp, how much oil you pour on, how loud you pray, or how easy you pray, or whatever you do, that devil will stay right there. Because he has a legal right as long as you got unconfessed sin. That's right. And you will watch on the platform... You seldom hear me say something about, "I cast out this devil." I have to see first whether it's the will of God to do that first. I'll pray for the person, but never call over that demon.

**48** Do you realize that a gift of that type could send your soul to hell. How many believes Moses was a prophet? How many believes he disobeyed God? Certainly. God said, "Go down there and speak to the rock." Don't smite it no more, it's already been smitten once. That was Christ. Is that right? And Moses was a prophet and had power before God. And he went right down there and done contrary what God told him not to do. He smote the rock, it didn't bring forth its water, and he smote it again. Said, "You rebels, must we fetch you water out of this rock," and he did what was against God's will, because God had allotted to him to be a prophet, and he had power to bring the water out of the rock whether it was God's will or not. Is that right? He did it, didn't he? You know it wasn't God's will. God told him not to, but he did it anyhow. But then, God dealt with Moses. Is that right? He wouldn't let him go over in the Promised Land. How about Elisha, that young man that went bald-headed when he was a young man, and little children begin to tease him saying, "Old baldhead! Old baldhead!" Why, my! But it made that prophet angry. And he turned around and put a curse on those children. And two she-bears killed forty-two little innocent children. Is that right? You know that's not the nature of the Holy Spirit, kill those poor little children, but it was an angered prophet. Be careful.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

Numbers 20:9 And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.

Numbers 20:10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?

Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

Numbers 20:12 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.

2 Kings 2:23 And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.

2 Kings 2:24 And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.

```
**49** Now, you see what I mean? That's the reason I go easy. Watch what I'm doing. Once God put something on somebody, God didn't put it on there, He permitted Satan to do it, to put the curse on the person because of something He was trying to do, and here I'd come around and take it off of them. See what kind of a condition, what God would do? So, that's the reason that I go easy. Watch what I'm doing. When I find the will of God, then I know where I'm setting my foot. But until I know the will of God... Now, I'm not condemning people who doesn't. God don't hold them responsible if they don't know. That's exactly right. They're just doing what they can. But that's the reason I go very easy, and watch what I'm doing. You understand, now? And that's why I don't pray for no more that what I do. And if I see something, and I see that God ... what He is done, and confession is made, and everything is clean and clear, then I ask the devil to leave the person. If I don't see it, then I don't understand it. And if you're on a platform, trying to get to another one, just as soon as I see just about one thing, something wrong, I just say, "Is that right?" "Yes, that's right." "Will you accept Christ as you're healer?" "Yes." "Well, God bless you. Go, and may the Lord make you well."

**50** I don't know what's going to happen to the patient. I'm just trying to get their faith moved up into a place where they can be healed. You see what I mean? Now, while I was standing right here talking, right here now, while I'm standing here talking, I seen a person right here healed while I'm sitting right here, standing right here on the platform. Healed right here in the platform just a few minutes ago when I was giving a testimony. That's right. A person healed. The Lord bless you. Tomorrow night, if the Lord willing, when we get over in the other big place, we're just going to come down there and just try to preach about fifteen or twenty minutes and see if we can't pray for a whole group of people. Would you like that? If you would, say, "Amen." Just come up and pray for them. Not search the case out, unless I hit something that ought to be searched out. So then, just let Him do the searching.

**51** And, do you understand, now? Will you always understand if somebody said, "What makes Brother Branham take his time, and so easy, and," like this? And remember, one vision, seeing one vision will bring more ... take more strength out of the human body, than to preach for two hours as hard as you can preach. Daniel saw one vision, and was troubled at his head for many days. Is that right? Now, in here, I don't see the whole picture. It's just like, as I've always said, "Peep..." How many of you little boys ever slipped around over a board fence and looked at the ball game through a knot hole, or something? You know what I mean. Or a carnival passing by? See? You stand on your toes and look over, say, "I seen an elephant." See? And then you're back down again. Then look up again. "I seen a giraffe go by." Well, see, you're just looking. That's the way these visions are, kind of giving it to you in that manner, here. See? When I'm straining, watching, Spirit all around everywhere moving, and I'm trying to see what the vision is, and I see here, breaks before me, a hospital, a woman's being operated on, and the gall ... "Gallbladder trouble, haven't you? You been operated on?" "Yes." "God bless you. Amen." See?

```
Daniel 7:15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.

```
**52** But now, that's when I'm pushing the gift itself. But then, when I just stand, don't even have nothing to do with it, God just kind of reaches down and gets me of the back of the collar, and raises me up over the fence, say, "You see where it started back here? See all about it along here? See what it's going to be over here?" That's when God does it, see. That's when He does it at His own will. When I kind of press to it like this, because it's a divine gift, and that's the reason I go easy, because I'm pressing to it myself. Do you understand? If you do, raise up your hands, say, "I understand, Brother Branham. I believe you." All right. Thank you. God bless you. Now, I'm going to pray for all that I can tonight. I'm sorry to keep you this late. One of my first meetings in Kentucky, and I want to do everything that I can for the Lord while I'm here. It's kind of been noised abroad, maybe next week, we'll be just across the river over there in Evansville, if the Lord willing. Now, let's bow our heads.

**53** [Gap in the audio] Just going to move this back. And I want everybody be just real reverent. Now, you know how I believe in the old-fashioned religion. I believe in praising the Lord, and shouting the praises of God. But now, when we're standing like this, I tell you what it does. When you move, you see, or the reason... If there's a bank of faith around, and you will feel demons will pull one from another, you see. If there's something wrong with a certain person, like a certain person in the building, there's something wrong with them. Well then, when there's something wrong with a patient here, that's sympathetic ... sympathizing demon, they will pull back and forth one to another. And the same thing will be when you got faith. If you get a wall of faith around you everywhere. Remember Jesus putting them all out of the building and things like that, and then praying for the sick and... Remember that? See. Just taking those who really believed, and those who were really up with God.

**54** Now, this man standing here, I suppose we're strangers to one another. Are we, sir? I don't know you. But we're perfect, total strangers to one another. All I know that he's just standing here on the platform, he's a man. And I pray that God will help. Now, I want to ask, is there anybody here for your first time? Let's see. First time you've ever been in one of my meetings. Well, my, just look at the hands. That makes it bad. See, every night it should be gone through and it's guess instead, see? Now, when Jesus was here on earth ... I'll just ask you this: If Jesus Christ was here on earth, as far as healing this man or anybody else, He couldn't do it. He's already did it. Is that right? But, well, if He was here on earth, He didn't claim to be a healer, did He? When He passed by cripples, and multitudes of people that were lame, blind, halt, and withered at the pool of Bethesda, He passed right by every one of them. Do you believe He was...? Do you believe Jesus was God? He was Emmanuel? God was in Him? God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself. The Bible said so. And He was the great Jehovah God, anointed One here on earth, God with us. And He passed right down through those cripple, afflicted. A Man full of compassion and love for the people, passed by the lame, halt, blind, withered, and never done a thing to them. Walked over to a man laying on a pallet, and healed that man, told him to pick up his bed and go. Walked away and left that whole multitude lay there. Is that right? If God willing, in the next few months, I want to walk right down that same ladder, or that same place into the pool. I'm going to be in Palestine the Lord willing the next few months.

```
2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**55** Now, in that lay great multitudes. A multitude takes two thousand to make a multitude, I'm told. And there's multitudes. Well, now, you had the old critics just like they'd be here or somewhere else. "Why didn't He heal that one? Let Him heal this one, and I'll believe it." Why, when He come to His own town, many mighty works He could not do. Is that right? Could not do, the Bible said, because of what? [Congregation says, "Unbelief."] Their unbelief. That's right. So, but He knew what they were doing, and what was wrong with them. Is that right? Now, when Philip come, brought Nathanael, He said He knew where he was at before he come.

```
Matthew 13:58 And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**56** The woman at the well, He talked to her a little bit, and caught her spirit. Then He said, He told her where her trouble was. Said, "Go get your husband." That was where her trouble was. She said, "I have no husband." Said, "That's right. You got five." "Why," she said, "I perceive that You're a prophet." And she run into the city and said, "Come see a man who told me everything I did." She was just excited. He never told her all she did. He told her one thing she was doing. But if God could reveal that to Him, He could reveal everything. Is that right? Now, listen right close, now, while you got that, now, because I'm waiting on something, and you know that. Now, while He was standing there. Watch. These Jews found this man packing his bed, Saint John nineteen, and they questioned him. And when they got Jesus, they questioned Jesus. Now, listen what He said.

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**57** "Verily, verily, I say unto you, that the Son can do nothing in Himself." Is that right? "But what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son, likewise." Is that right? Then according to Christ's own words, and I believe He told the truth. I'd lay my life anywhere that He told the truth. He did not do one thing, until first, God, which was within Him revealed and showed Him by a vision what to do. Look at the resurrection of Lazarus. He went away from the house three days. Just kept on going. They called for Him, He just kept on going. Then He turned and said, "Lazarus is dead. And for your sake, I'm glad I wasn't there. But I go wake him." See, the Father done showed Him just exactly. Lazarus going to die, all about it, and taking three days for it to happen. And when He went back into the... Look when He went to the tomb. He said, "I thank Thee that Thou has already heard Me, but I said it for these who stood by." See? Then He said, "Lazarus, come forth." And a man that had been dead four days stood on his feet and lived again. Amen. That same Jesus is here tonight. That's right.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.

John 11:41 Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

John 11:42 And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

```
**58** Now, He said, "A little while, and the world," the unbelievers, "won't see Me no more." Now, there's some people would sit right at this meeting, say, "Oh, that's mind reading. That's mental telepathy." They could have said... They said the same thing about Him. Is that right? They called Him, "Beelzebub." Do you know who Beelzebub was? The chief of the devils. The greatest fortuneteller and devil there was. Said, "He's Beelzebub." And He said, "If they call the Master of the house Beelzebub, how much more are they going to call them of His disciples?" So, it's just a true sign of apostleship. Is that right? A discipleship of Jesus Christ. So, may He, the One we're speaking of... Think of it, friends. Standing now in this school auditorium, after nineteen hundred years, Jesus Christ, if He raised from the dead, He said, "The world won't see Me, but you will see Me, for I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world." And, "The things that I do shall you do also." Amen.

```
Matthew 10:25 It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?

Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**59** That thrills me, so, brethren. Oh, it just makes my heart ... to know that I'm standing here before this little handful of people, and when I stood before as many as a hundred thousand at a time, and represent the same Jesus Christ, and not be afraid of what we're talking about, for that Angel that night said, "I will be with you. I will stand by you." And He's here, now. And I know why He is. And I know where He's from. Myself, I'm no good. I'm just a man. But Him, He's Emmanuel. He's God. [Gap in the audio.] So, I know He's here. So, this man standing here, we being a stranger, my brother, I don't know nothing about you. I've never seen you in my life as far as I know, but God knows both of us. Now, I just want to talk to you just a moment in order to catch your spirit, you see. Because you're a man, I'm a man. We're of different ages, probably born many miles apart, and raised up. Never met one another in our life, but God knows both of us. Well, now, if I be His prophet... Now, prophet means His preacher, see. If I be His seer, and I've told the truth, then God can, if He will, by His revealing power, you couldn't hide your life if you had to then, could you? God would know everything about you. And He could show me just exactly who you are, where you're from, what's your trouble, and how you're going to be, and what it takes to get well. Is that right? If He does, amen, if He don't, I will offer a word of prayer for you and leave the platform. That's the only thing I know to do.

**60** But now, I want you to look, and believe that God has sent me to help you. I thank you. I believe it. I believe you've got a good feeling to your spirit. You're an honest man. And you are interested in... No, first, you have an eczema, a breaking out on you, on your body. Nothing will touch it. And then, don't you have a loved one that's, or wife, or someone that's got a ... it's arthritis in the spine? Isn't that right? It's arthritis in her spine. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? [The brother says, "Yes, sir."] And you, you have a habit, don't you? ["Yes, sir."] Smoking cigarettes. That's wrong. Will you give it up? ["Yes, sir."] All right. Come here.

**61** God, be merciful, and bless this man, Lord, who I bless in Thy name. And may he get healed. May Your Spirit come upon him, and may all the powers of hell leave him. May this habit leave him, and may he be perfectly normal and well. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sir. Go. ["It'll leave me?"] . Yes. It will go. Go right, just rejoicing, happy. You will just notice it will just vanish right away from you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Do you believe? Now, be reverent. Now remember, that eczema is loose in this building, now. It come out of him like a shadow. [Gap in the audio] Be reverent. Only God alone can make well. I can't. I'm a man. God bless you. It's over.

**62** You sitting there, lady, with the blue-looking coat on looking at me, you're sick, too, aren't you? Some kind of a bowel condition that you want to be healed of. Do you believe God will make you altogether well? Do you believe that with all your heart? All right. You may raise up. Jesus Christ makes you well. God bless you. Amen. Do you believe with all your heart? Just a moment. Everyone please reverent. Don't move around. There's something happened then I... Where was it, when there's somebody healed in the audience just then? Where was it? The woman... Somebody was healed I was talking to. Somebody. Where were they at? Was I talking... Wasn't I talking to somebody in the audience? Well, excuse me. Stand up. What was your trouble, lady? Ma'am? [The sister says, "Bowel trouble."] Oh.

**63** Sitting right there, look here, right on down that row there. You have bowel trouble, too, hanging over. Do you believe that God will make you well? Colon condition, do you believe He will make you well? You want to accept your healing, now? You do? Stand up to your feet, then. God bless you. Go ahead home, now, and get well. That's Satan. I seen it move back, and I didn't know where it hit, see. It was sympathizing with that same spirit. You can go home now, and be well. God bless you. Anybody in the building can be healed if you will believe it. All right. Come here, lady. Excuse me. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to be His servant? I don't know you. Never seen you in my life. No way at all for me to know anything about you. And you don't know me perhaps. We're just strangers that's met here. Is that right? Your trouble's in your stomach. It's a tumor. Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. Do you believe God will heal you? Do you believe me to be His seer, His prophet? See, the reason I asked that, the Angel of God said to me, "If you get the people to believe you," see. That's the reason I question that. Just a moment. Look here again. You've got a loved one that's been hurt. It's a husband. He's hurt his left arm. A tree fell on it, or a tree top or something. Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. Both of you go home. You're going to be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. God bless you. Go right on off the platform. God be with you. Mother, you believe God's going to let you get over that arthritis? You're sitting there praying about it. Right here. All right. Stand up. It's finished. God bless you. You can go home, now. God bless you, there.

**64** Come, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Oh, how wonderful. Why don't you believe, everybody now? See? Do you believe? You've got a broken arm, of course, I see it. You got something wrong with you. You can't hardly get up. Yes, it's rheumatism. You've been stewing around about it, you thought you got polio. But, it ain't polio, it's rheumatism. And you got kidney stones, too, in the kidney. And you got something wrong with your liver. You have to continue taking medicine. The liver won't function unless ... Isn't that right? It's a nervous condition that's paralyzing the liver, won't let the flow go right. You have to continue to take medicine for that. Aren't you acquainted with a Brother Vibbert? [A lady says, "Yes, sir."] I see him talking to you or something. It's your pastor. Come here. Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name. May Thy blessings come upon this woman, and may the Holy Spirit of God heal her, and make her well. Whatever her troubles is, Lord, Thou knowest all about them. And I pray that You will make her completely whole. In Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. God bless you, lady.

**65** All right. Come. Do you believe? With all your heart? Believe that Almighty God is here to make you whole? You're here to ask me a question. The first thing, you've got a malignancy, a tumor, a cancerous condition. And you feel that you're getting better, now. Isn't that right? And you're thinking about an elderly woman. It's your mother. And she has arthritis. And there's something wrong with her eyes. Isn't that right? Well, go lay your hands on her, now. And may God make you both well. Lord Jesus, I pray that You will grant this blessings. In Jesus Christ's name. [Unclear words] just take it and send it to her. All right. Come. Lady, do you believe with all your heart? [A sister says, "Yes, sir. Sure do."] God is here to make you well. Do you believe that? All right. I'm going to ask God to heal you. Now, you know you're subject to an operation for a tumor, now. And you also have arthritis. But He will heal you, if you believe it. Do you? [Sister says, "Well, I believe it."] Lord, I pray now as I lay my hands on this old mother. In Jesus' name. Amen.

**66** It's over, sister. You can walk off the platform. She don't have any more arthritis. You see that. Look, watch her feet, like this. Walk like a real young woman. Flapping your feet up and down like. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Do you believe, my brother, as you come? You want to get over that heart trouble? Say, "I accept my healing." [A brother says, "I accept my healing."] God bless you. Go off the platform and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." ["Thank You, Lord."] All right. Come, lady. Do you believe as you come? Do you believe that God will make you well? [A sister says, "I believe He can."] Do you believe He has? If God will reveal to me what your trouble is, then will you accept it? Can you? ["But I want to."] See, I can't heal you. ["I know it."] Can't. But, you realize you're in a dying condition. ["Yes, I do."] And know you can't live much longer the way your standing. That's why I'm trying to shake your faith, lady.

**67** Looky here. Are we strangers? We don't know each other. God knows us both. Is that right? You've had a struggle to get here. Isn't that right? Life has been a very bad thing for you. You're suffering with a stomach condition. Isn't that right? Almost right at the edge of death. Isn't that true? ["That's right."] But you've prayed, and you've asked God if you could get to this platform you'd be healed. Do you believe if I'd lay my hands on you...? Is that true? You prayed that by the side of a bed here not long ago, kneeling by the side of a bed. Now, isn't that the truth? If it is, raise up your hand. Now, come here. Do you believe me to be His prophet? ["Yes."] Then cursed be this devil that holds this woman. May he leave the woman and come out of her. In the name of Jesus Christ may he go. Now, go eat what you want to, lady. Go, and God bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." All right. Bring her. Now, lady, you had stomach trouble, too. When, as soon as I said that, it shook you. Is that right? Yours is a peptic stomach trouble. Just go on, eat what you want to. God bless you. Go and be made well.

**68** Come, lady. You believe in Him? Course you see, you're wearing glasses. We know that that's true. But, I see you of a morning, you can hardly get up. You got arthritis across the back. Is that right? Go on down through there just saying, "Thank You, Lord for healing me," and get well. In the name of Jesus Christ. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." All right. Come, lady. You're a very deep thinker. You're sincere in it with all your heart. But it has caused you to be a nervous person. And you're very nervous. You're always taking other people's things. And thinking about that, crossing bridges before you get to it, building things that never happen. In that, it's developed a stomach trouble for you. Isn't that right? All right. Do you believe me, now as His prophet? Then if you will go off here tonight and say, "Lord Jesus, I accept Your vicarious suffering for me. I accept Your healing for me at Calvary. I'm going to eat what I want to, and tell the devil I'm free." Will you believe that? Then go do it. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I ask. Amen.

**69** All right. Come, lady. You and I are strangers. I don't... That's the way to think it, sister. That's the way to keep your mind on Him. Got something you're... It's a hernia. Do you believe that God will make you well and heal you, with all your heart? If you believe it with all your heart, you can have it. You, sister, you have female trouble. Isn't that right? It's an abscess. God bless you. Jesus Christ makes you whole. Do you believe that? Come here. I bless thee, my sister. In Jesus Christ's name, may He heal you. Amen. Go, now. Oh, how wonderful! All right. Come, lady. Do you believe? ["Yes, sir."] Have faith. ["Yes, sir."]

**70** You sitting there, sir, was you just healed? With the glasses on, have you just been healed? Yes, sir. Did you have an eczema? That lady right behind you, is that... Do you have eczema, too, isn't it? That' where it was standing. I seen it hanging there. All right. Jesus Christ makes you whole, too, lady. The devil tried to beat you out of that, but God blessed you. Amen. I could see the blessing on that man, and I couldn't tell. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." My, how wonderful! Heart trouble's gone from you, sister. Go off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus."

**71** Satan, oh, he's whipped right now. He was whipped at Calvary, he's whipped right here in the church. He's exposed. Sure he's exposed. He's sneaky, and he's low down. But, he can't hide from God. God knows right where he is. Lady, you have a female trouble. Do you believe God heals you, now? All right. Go and rejoice, and testify about it. In the name of Jesus Christ I ask it. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Did you drop your card, sir? That's all right. Just hold it. Maybe we can get to it in a few minutes.

**72** What do you think about this, mister? Do you believe it to be the truth? The little fellow with the striped tie on sitting there, yes. Yes, sir. You want to get over that hernia you had, and believe God will make you well? All right. Stand up. God bless you. I caught your attention when you dropped your card, and you was wondering what it was that dropped. No, it was the next man's card. Have faith. I seen him standing by you. That was over on your left side. But God's going to make ... Is that right? If it is, raise up your hand if that's right. That's right. All right. Feel down there now, you can see it's gone. Now, you're well. Jesus Christ has healed you. Praise the Lord. Amen. There it is, see.

**73** Be reverent. Here's a deaf man. Bow your heads everywhere. Lord God, who created heavens and earth, made all things by Jesus Christ, who is standing present now to heal the sick and the afflicted, I pray that You will heal this man. May this deaf spirit, who's trying to take his life come out of him--cause him to walk before a moving vehicle and be killed, and send him to a premature grave. Thou evil spirit, called deafness, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, come out from the man. You hear me, now? ["I do."] See if you can say it, say, "Amen." ["Amen."] Say, "I love the Lord." ["I love the Lord."] And you had a prostate trouble. ["Yes."] The doctors wants to operate on you. But Jesus Christ, who give you your hearing, healed you of the prostate trouble. Go, and be made well, in the name of the Lord Jesus. God bless you, brother. Amen! How wonderful! Don't move around, please. Do you believe with all your heart? The Angel of the Lord keeps hanging right here in this district ... right in this circle here.

**74** You have arthritis sitting there, lady, with the little black hat on, gray hair kind of like that. Isn't that right? You're the one He was trying to get to. I see you limping. I seen you trying to step down off of something, you couldn't hardly do it. It gets all over you sometimes. Makes you real stiff. Jesus Christ makes you well. Do you believe it? You do? Stand up and accept your healing, then, in the name of the Lord Jesus. God bless you. The lady sitting next to her there, He's standing over her, now. You have some sort of a growth, lady. It's in the throat. It's a goiter. Is that right? Jesus Christ makes you well. Do you believe it? Amen. God bless you. That's the way to do it. There it is. It's gone from her. Look off of her throat. It's gone. God has made her well. Let's say, "Praise be to God."

**75** There He hangs over a young woman sitting right over there. What'd you think of it, lady? Got a swollen spleen, haven't you? Isn't that right? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe that God give me His word? Stand to your feet and accept your healing, you'll get well, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Let's all stand and give Him praise, everybody. Let's just thank Him for our healing. Lord Jesus, Thou lovely One, heal all these sick and needy here tonight, Lord. We give You praise. We know that You're here. We know that Your Spirit is near to bless, and to heal, all that's needy. Now, may the people, Lord, that's standing here, accepting me, knowing that my strength is gone, but Lord, You're here. And now, as Your servant, I take dominion over every unclean spirit in this building. And I say to Satan, "You're a loser. God has sent Christ and He's won the victory. And I charge thee by Jesus Christ the Son of God, 'Come out of the people. Leave them and go from them in Jesus' name.'"
