---
Date: 1953-02-16
Title: My Angel shall go before thee
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 55 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# My Angel shall go before thee



**1** Good evening, friends. Very happy to be [break in tape] ... coming up, and going back, so I thought, well ... there ... that our room would be a little short, but we're happy... You know, some of our most spiritual gatherings has been where two or three are gathered together, He said. I'm sure that most all Christians here can refer back in some manner to some time when we had just a little group, just a little cottage prayer meeting of some sort. That's where I had some of my most blessed times, when the Holy Spirit would really come into our midst and bless us---when we had little small meetings. He has made that promise that the smallest of church: "Two or three gathered in My name, I'll be in their midst."

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**2** I wish to read a portion of Scripture tonight. Then we'll start, and pray for the people, because they're... Just a small group of us like this, we ought to immediately come into the realm of God's healing grace and power, and make us well. He's promised to do it. And there's hardly anything that He hasn't left undone to do to reveal His will, and His favor to us. So, we just have to believe Him. Is that right? I wish to read a portion of Scripture tonight. In twenty-third chapter of Exodus, beginning with the twentieth verse. It's always been a very favorite spot for me. Said: Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. Beware of him, ... obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him. But if thou will indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then will I be an enemy to thine enemies, and an adversary unto thy adversaries. For my Angel shall go before thee,... Now, for a thought for a few moments, I wish to take that last part ... or, the first part of that phrase of the last verse: "My Angel shall go before thee."

```
Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

Exodus 23:21 Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.

Exodus 23:22 But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries.

Exodus 23:23 For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.

```
**3** God in all ages has had someone to deal with here on earth. Ever since He's had an earth, He started... Never was a time, but what He was ... He had someone that He could put His hands on to send them. And during this time that we're speaking of here---I just read of ---was when He sent Moses to deliver the children of Israel. Now, it was not Moses that was sent. Moses was just the instrument. Now, in my heart I have believed that God has always been the same all through the ages. In every age, He's been just as He was at the beginning. He was manifested in the Fatherhood. He was manifested in the Sonship. He's manifested now in the dispensation of the Holy Spirit. We're living, not in the Christian dispensation, but in the Holy Spirit dispensation. It's the acts of the Holy Spirit in the church: the church reaction to what the Holy Spirit is in them. Marvelous day we're living in. Greatest time of all ages we're now living, just at the closing of the scene of this world's activities. And fixing to enter into that great age that we've all looked for so long---the Hebrew prophets has spoke of through the days.

**4** And God always has had someone He could put His hands on. Now, Moses was born a proper child. And God ordained that he should bring Israel out under his leadership. And before he went down into Egypt, after he was called, when he was on the desert that morning herding Jethro's sheep (his father-in-law), he saw a bush burning. Now, I believe that was the first appearance of the Angel of the Lord. He was in this burning bush. And then, when He commissioned Moses, and told him what he was to do, He went before him down into Egypt. And when they came out, He was in a form of a fire again---a pillar of fire. And this pillar of fire led the children of Israel---which was the same Angel that was in the burning bush. That was the same pillar of fire that was in that burning bush.

**5** And that pillar of fire ... or, the Angel, was the Angel of the covenant. I believe all ministers would agree with that, that that was the Angel of the covenant. If it was the Angel of the covenant, then it was the Lord Jesus. It was God the Holy Spirit. For Moses chose to suffer the reproach of Christ, and counted it greater riches than the treasures of Egypt (you see)--- of Christ. That was Christ, the Logos, the Angel of the covenant that led the children of Israel out of Egypt to the promised land, which was just a foreshadow. As He did in the natural then, He does in the Spiritual today. Now, He promised to supply all their needs. When they needed water, they got it from the rock. When they needed food, God rained it down out of heaven---blowed it in by the winds. And when the waters was bitter, they made it sweet. And He provided everything they had need of.

```
Hebrews 11:26 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompense of the reward.

```
**6** When sickness came into the camp, He had an atonement made. He promised to be the God in the time of trouble---a present help. He promised to do these things, and to see them through. And now, as He was then in the ... so is He today. The same Spirit of God that led Israel leads the church today, bringing us through, as it was, the wilderness to the promised land. We have a promised land. You believe that. "In My Father's house are many mansions. I go and prepare a place for you, and will come again, and receive you unto myself." We're on our way. We're going to this glorious promised land that God has promised us.

```
John 14:2 In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.

```
**7** Now, along this journey, He's promised to supply everything that we have need of. "Whatsoever you will ask the Father in My name, that will I do. Whatsoever things (Mark 11:24) whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive it, you shall have it." Now, He gave us the strongest weapon that there is in all the world, and that's prayer. Prayer is what changes things. The Christian doesn't realize what a force he has when he kneels on his knees before Almighty God in the name of Jesus Christ. He doesn't realize what power that is. If the people could only realize that what is given right unto them... Anything that you ask for will be given, if you can appropriate the faith to believe it. For God's Word is true.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**8** Now, God's Word will defeat Satan anywhere, any place, any time. Now, when Jesus was here on earth, I believe He was... Well, He was Emanuel. "God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself." So, all the great qualities of the Father was in Christ Jesus the Son, when He was here on earth. All the Father has was His. And all the fine gifts that's in God, and all it was, was in Christ. But when He met Satan, He never used any of those gifts. He just---to be your example---He brought it to where the very weakest of Christian... He said, now, He had power right then to rebuke Satan and send him away. But what He did, He never referred to any of His power. Satan said, "If Thou be the Son of God..." There's always a question mark across God's Word, by Satan. So, he said, "If Thou be the Son of God, command these stones to be made bread." Now Jesus said, "It is written (The Father's Word) man shall not live by bread alone." He'd taken Him up on top of the temple and told Him to cast Himself down. Jesus said, "It is written..." Right back to the Scripture. Then he'd taken Him up on a mountain; showed Him all the kingdoms of the world. And said, "I'll give them to You if You'll bow down and worship me." Jesus said, "It is written..." See, constantly: "It is written..." "It is written..."

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 4:5 Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,

Matthew 4:6 And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Matthew 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Luke 4:5 And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

Luke 4:6 And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

Luke 4:7 If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:9 And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

Luke 4:12 And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**9** And then when you can hit Satan with the Scripture, he's just as powerless as he can be (see) with anything. I don't care what it is. Now, it isn't within me or your pastor to pray... It's for us to pray with you, but it'll have to be your own individual faith that does the healing. Now, the only... Jesus never healed anyone without first the Father showed Him about it. Now He said that. We had it last night in John the fifth chapter, and the nineteenth verse. "Verily, verily I say unto you the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." Watch two blind men follow Him one day in the streets. They were blind, crying, "Have mercy on us. Have mercy on us." He just walked right on. He came into the house. And they brought the blind men to Him. And the blind men said, "Have mercy on us." He said, "Do you believe?" He said, "Yes." He touched their eyes. Said, "According to your faith..." Is that right? "According to your faith, be it unto you," see. And they had the faith. The woman touched the hem of His garment. He said, "Thy faith, (not 'My power'), thy faith has made thee whole," see, see. "Thy faith," see. But, He went and did just what the Father showed Him.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Matthew 9:27 And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

Matthew 9:28 And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

Matthew 20:30 And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Matthew 20:31 And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**10** Now, His Spirit is with us today. It reveals what the Father shows. It's already done. Your prayer, for instance, out there, be praying. You be sitting out there, praying. And what the Father would decide in your faith to move up into a bracket, and say, "Yes, I believe it right now. I accept it right now. I believe it right now." Now, the Father could turn right around to me and say, "Tell him I heard him; and he had a certain thing, and it's over," see. But, I couldn't do that myself. I could only say it was over if He'd tell me it was over, see. See what I mean? Now, that shows He's the same yesterday, today, and... I can pray for you. And according to your faith, be it unto you. But if He tells me something to tell you. I can take a message, through a divine gift there, and tell you what He said. Just like in different people, you've heard the testimonies. I try not to get to testimonies, because Mr. Baxter gets to them sometime; I get right back on the same one. Many has heard the thousands of testimonies around the world of what He's did. Great men, Congressman Upshaw, and them, and different ones; and Florence Nightingale. Then when they were healed (you see), He would speak and say a certain thing. And no matter what it is, it'll be that way every time. Now you take it anywhere you want to, and any person's at liberty, that any time that they ever heard it say, "Thus saith the Lord," or "In the name of the Lord," or a certain thing would take place, it'll be just that way, see. Or you can trace back any of my footsteps across the nations, and see if it, ever one time, ever spoke, "Thus saith the Lord," and predicted something, but what didn't come just exactly that way. It's never failed.

**11** The first time it happened... Of course, I was just a small baby, I was just three minutes old, about, when It came in. But down through life, every time, even before I was converted... "Gifts and callings are without repentance." You know that. That's where I think many of the... See, I'm new in the Pentecostal church. I come from the Baptist church. And then, the Baptist people couldn't see that there was a divine gift. The Pentecostal people believed it, so therefore, God sent me. There's where I feel at home. I'm one of you, see, because I've received the Holy Ghost. And then God made the thing manifest to me, and I started off. But, from the part itself, has been since a baby. "Gifts and callings are without repentance." Do you believe in that? If you believe the Scripture... Jesus Christ was foreordained the Son of God. He was the woman's seed that was to bruise the serpent's head from the Garden of Eden. Do you believe that? Moses couldn't help he was Moses. He was born a proper child. They seen he was, and knowed he was. And God raised him right up under Pharaoh's nose, didn't He? Is that right? He couldn't help it. John the Baptist, seven hundred and twelve years before he was born, he was the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Is that right?

```
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

Isaiah 40:3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.

Matthew 3:3 For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

Mark 1:3 The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

Luke 3:4 As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.

John 1:23 He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

Hebrews 11:23 By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.

```
**12** Jeremiah the prophet ... God said, "Before you was even formed in your mother's womb, I knew you, and sanctified you, and ordained you a prophet over the nations." Is that right? Before he ever come from his mother's womb, see. "Gifts and callings are without repentance," see. God gives them. You can't help because you got blue eyes. "All who've taken thought can't add one cubit to his stature." There's where the thing has got out into the world today, with a bunch of "isms" you see. And it absolutely... It's nothing but a work of Satan to try to take away from the real thing of God. And that's what you Pentecostal people, and what all people, Baptists, and so forth, has had down through the age, is somebody trying to impersonate something that they know nothing about. It'd be better to keep still. "Who taking though can add one cubit to his stature?" If God wants you to be a certain thing, He brings you to this earth to be that, and you'll be it, see. If He called you to do a thing ... like a man said, "Well, I believe I could if I was a preacher." You'll never make a preacher. God has to call you to be a preacher. How can a preacher preach unless the Lord has sent him? Is that right? It's all in God. Everything moves right back into God. Is that right? Everything right back to Him. He sets the program. We just fall in line, see, and carry it out.

```
Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

Matthew 6:27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?

Luke 12:25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**13** Now, a few years ago, it was firmly not believed by any peoples that there's any other light besides the sunlight. Critics in the scientific world once laughed and said, "Didn't God make an awful mistake when He wrote the Bible?" Said, "He said He created the firmament before He made the sun." Said, "The very idea. There's no such a thing as any light outside of sunlight, if He made the firmament before He made the sun. And how the apostle said, 'Your whole body's full of light.'" Well, science looked down with the spirit of meekness and consideration, and dug into it and proved that God was right. Now, there's plenty of light besides the sunlight. For instance, the x-ray. That has no sun to do with it. But, your whole body, each little cell, little atom, is a light. You're made up full of light. They find out that the Bible's right, that you're made full of light, because scientists... Not looking at it from a natural standpoint. You can't understand it. Spiritual things are spiritually discerned. But they proved that the Bible was right.

**14** And not long ago, there was a man who really believed that electricity could be harnessed. He got him a kite, a fish ... with a key on the end of the tail of it. But he finally captured what he thought ... what he believed was right, because... People laughed at him. But in his heart there was something in there told him that it was right, so he stayed right with it. A little later on, Thomas Edison, the man who gave us electric in the lamp, he believed that that electronic ... or, electrolysis would carry over a wire. Ten thousand wires, I guess, he used. He used this kind of a metal, it wouldn't work. Sat up at nighttime, a cup of coffee and a sandwich, and tireless as he could be. But yet, down in his heart, something told him that he could make that electricity feed a wire that would light. Well, now, he didn't just give up on the first little wire. He just laid it aside and tried another one.

**15** But we (not we ... we who are in contact with the spiritual realm of God) ... we: "Well, I was prayed for, and it didn't get me healed, so I guess there's nothing to it." Oh, what a poor crow-bait you make for God, see. Look. No, sir. God wants somebody who will not give up. A winner never quits, and a quitter never wins. You've got to stay and call things right, before Satan. Tell him this way, "Thus saith the Lord..." The Lord has said so. And that's..." "It is written..." "It's written..." No matter what he says, "It's written right there." "Well, Brother Branham never got to touch me." "It is written..." Brother Branham never done no healing. God done your healing. It's already did. "It's written..." "Whatever I asked and believe God, I shall receive it. It's mine. It's my personal property."

**16** Then Edison, hour after hour ... something in his heart. They never had no electricity before to light a light, but Edison believed that it would do it. And finally he conquered it, because something in his heart said it'll do it. And as long as there's something in here saying it'll do it, there's got to be something out there to respond to that. That's right. What would your great-grandfather have said when he talked to the neighbor about a television---a wave---vibrating through the air like that would even make the picture? Why, he'd have said, "He's mentally upset." But somebody believed that there was an airwave. And he couldn't explain it. God had it here. Now, how did he think of being an airwave? We've got it. We've got television, haven't we? Sure, we have: radio, and so forth. How was it? Because something down in the human heart said it's there. And they broke into that realm, and picked it up, and brought it out here, and gave it to the world.

**17** Now, brother, sister, you can call me fanatic if you want to, but I know that there is a power of God. First thing: because God said so. Second thing: because in my heart, there's something in there that says that there's a power of God to heal every sickness. I believe it. And as long as I believe that, I'll spend my life, see, that I know that it's the truth. It's God's Word first, and there's something in my heart telling me it's there. And I'm searching every wire everywhere, trying to find a place that we could get it in the church. Fanatics may rise and go, but God... You'll see the day that the church of Jesus Christ will stand to its feet with this great power that they're laughing at us about today; it'll be brought forth just like electricity was. 'Cause there's something down in the human heart says it's there, see. It's the same Angel of God!

**18** Now, look. David said, "When the deep calleth to the deep..." If there's a deep calling to a deep, there's got to be a deep to respond to that call. Here, as I've often used the illustration: Before a fin was on a fish's back, there had to be a water first for him to swim in, or he wouldn't have had no fin. Is that right? Before there was a tree or flower to bloom in the earth, there had to be an earth first for the flower to sit in, or there'd have been no flower. Is that right? Now, here sometime ago, I read where a little baby had... Brother Baxter was telling me one the other day that a little baby kept craving salt, salt, salt. And they'd taken the salt away from the baby, and wouldn't let him have it. The baby died. They held a post-mortem. And come to find out there was something in the baby's body that had to have that salt. And they put it in there, and it just dissolved the salt up, see. They gave the baby salt... Here, I read where the little baby eat the erasers off of pencils, and eat the pedal off of a bicycle. Well, they give the little boy an examination, and come to find out that his little body needed sulfur. There's sulfur in rubber. See, there's a sulfur ... something in here calling for sulfur. He's going to nibble till he finds it somewhere. And it shows there's something in here calling for sulfur. There's got to be a sulfur to respond to that call. Do you know what I mean? "Deep calling to the deep."

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**19** Now, as long as there's something down in our heart... How many here believes in divine healing? All right. As sure... Look. As sure as there is a call down in there, a desire to be healed of God by divine healing, there's got to be a fountain open somewhere, see. Before that creation can be in there---that creation to make you desire that---there has to be a Creator to create that creation. Is that right? Well, there's got to be a God, then, somewhere, that's putting that desire in your heart, to desire that, and if He has put that desire there, then there's got to be something out there to fulfill that desire that you've got. Do you see? "The deep calling to the deep." And somewhere out here, some day, you'll find out---and we're all going to see it---that God's going to have a church that's going to break into that yonder, brethren, all them marvelous things that once belonged into the church of the living God that's been throwed aside is going to stand on its feet someday and take a journey up through the skies. Oh, I seen that for years, my brother and sister. And tonight I believe it's the same Holy Spirit that led the children of Israel is leading us up into that waters yonder somewhere. People can't understand it, but it's there. As long as the human heart calls for it, there's got to be something there to respond to it. "The deep calls to the deep." "I'll send my Angel before you to lead you into the way."

```
Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**20** The trouble of it is, we try to get ahead of the Angel. Let the Angel lead the way. And He'll lead us to the fountains of the water of life, and give it to us freely. Do you believe it? Shall we bow our heads. Lord Jesus, tonight, just here... We're thankful for this little church. We thank You for its pastor, and for its teachers, and for its pupils. And we thank You for every minister, and his congregation ---the parts of them---that's gathered in here tonight. Some of them out in other rooms. We thank Thee for them. But, above all things, we thank Thee for Jesus Christ, who has drawed us together by His mercy, by His merits. We thank Thee, Father, with a true sincere heart. Now, I pray that You'll be with us tonight. Help us, bless us. And as my heart, and other hearts here, blending together, calling for the deep---the deep. Men and women sitting here that's Your children that's afflicted by the enemy. As our Brother Baxter, Your teacher, just a while ago, standing there on the steps listening at him, hearing speaking, casting out evil spirits. How we thank Thee, Lord, that Thy Word teaches that: "In My name they shall cast out devils. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." You've promised it, God. Now, Father, we pray that You'll just pull back the curtain tonight. Just open up them circles and dimensions yonder, Lord, to us that the great Holy Spirit might fill every heart with faith tonight, and we might go out of this building tonight without a feeble one in the midst of us. May we go out rejoicing, happy, healed, filled with the Spirit. And may there be an old-fashioned revival start here in the city, Lord, that'll sweep citywide. Grant it, Father, and many be saved, for we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**21** You see, it's kind of a hard thing, strange for us to determine how ... praying for the sick. Brother Baxter, I guess you've explained that to them---how that we have to give out cards in order to keep a orderly line. We try to say, "Well now let's... See, just so many here come, or go back there and get so many there." You'd say, "Uh-huh. There you are. You got a respects." So, we just give everybody cards. And there... We just start along through them somewhere and call them out. Now, I believe you said you'd give out from 50 to 100? In the... What? From 1 to 100 in H. Well, let's start, take fifty, sixty... How many can we line up here, about ten? Sir? All right. Let's try fifteen, then. All right. We'll take H-10, 11, 12, 13, 14, on up, 50, 55, 60, 65---about the first fifteen. And we'll begin H-50. Who's got prayer card H-50? 51? 52? 53? 54? That's right. Line right up, here. Just come right down on this side, if you will, and line up. And we may not be able to get to all of them. We'll do as best we can.

**22** And now, I want each and every one of you to be deeply and sincerely in prayer. Will you do that? All right. While they're coming... I see a young man sitting here before me, very badly afflicted. I wish God would heal the man, or give something to us, some revelation, while I'm here. I'd like to see... I've seen worse than that our Lord has did. Now, the boy, probably, has been prayed for several times. That I don't know. But if God would just speak and tell me something to tell him... You pray that He will. Will you? I hope that He will. I seen the boy last night. My heart went out for him. Now, He might tell me that it's what purpose, what's the reason, what caused it, what'll do it. I don't know, see. That's up to God. I just have to do as He tells me to do. He might tell him he's made well. If he is, that settles it. If He tells him he'll never be well, it'll never be. It'll be just as He said, see. I couldn't... But, I don't know. I'm just watching the boy, keeping my eye on him. And I do on every one.

**23** Now, the Angel of the Lord... How many's ever seen the picture of it? Let's see your hands. The picture ... that halo of light, like, that was taken down there. Many of you have. I believe we have some of them left. [Someone speaks aside to Bro. Branham.] All right. 50 to 65. Turn your prayer cards over, friends. Look on the back of it. You'll find there's a number---50 to 65---if you will. There's not... They're not all lined up. 50 to 65. If you'll line up here, we'll try our best to do what we can. 50 to 65. Is that H? Was it H-50? All right. All right. And now, the rest of you just hold your card. Now maybe... If we can get through this number here, maybe we can call another number, and we'll take it a little farther up in there, like that, just around. We always try to see that everybody's under the place, while we're praying, so that everybody can be prayed for. And now, look on your cards. (Now, you count them, Brother Baxter, as you see it.) And if there's somebody, maybe is deaf, or something, and wouldn't come, just look around on somebody's card that's about ... just about sitting next to you, or something. And now, the people coming up here, is no assurance... (Okay.)

**24** All right. If the people that's coming up here... There's no assurance that these people's going to be healed. Not a thing. They're just simply standing here. But the only assurance there is, is how much faith you have in God. Your faith is what does it. Now, I want each one of you that's in these aisles tonight to settle down, be quiet, and pray. I want you to pray with the deepest of sincerity. I want you to pray, believing that God will reveal, and will heal you where you're sitting, or standing, or back in here, wherever you are, just believe. That's all I ask you to do. Just have faith in God.

**25** Now, I'm your brother. And I'm just here for one purpose and that's to help you. And the only way I can help you is to get you to see what Jesus Christ has already done for you. Now, before we start to pray, let me say this to this audience back here, everywhere: My brother and sister, Jesus Christ has already healed every person that's here, that's sick. Every person here that's sick tonight, you're already healed. And every sinner that's in the building, if you're here, your sins are already forgiven you. The only thing you have to do is to accept what has been done. Then when you accept it, you accept Him as your Saviour. But, He doesn't come down and die afresh for you; you just accept what He has done. And through that, you are saved. Is that right? And the same thing by healing. I believe that's right, Brother Baxter. And, brethren, I believe that is truth, isn't it? It's already... The work... Jesus Christ finished the work, and paid the price of complete redemption at Calvary when He died. Now, we just have to look up there, and believe it. Whatever you ask, believe you receive it. That settles it. Now, have faith.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**26** And the only thing that... Now, here's these ministers here, back here behind me; and my own manager here, Brother Baxter. Now, they could explain the Word probably where I couldn't even touch it. God has called them for that. And if you'll just believe what they're telling you, that's what does it. It'll do just exactly the same. It's God's Word. Now, after that, the love of God has sent gifts into the church. Now, I believe tonight that the Holy Spirit could speak to a certain person through unknown tongues, and another one out there could give the interpretation, and tell just exactly to this person here, or somebody else, just what to do, just what the trouble, and what's... Don't you believe that? Well, that's a divine gift that's in the church. Now, but if He said that, it'll be just exactly that way, if it's the Holy Spirit. It'll be just exactly the way He said it. That's a gift.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

Ephesians 4:12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:

```
**27** Then He sent... First, He sent prophets, teachers, evangelists (Is that right?), gifts of tongues, interpretation; it's all for the edifying of the church. Is that right? All to edify the church, God has set them in the church. Who has? Not because somebody laid hands on you, but because God has. Not, man has; God has set in the church. All right. Bring the lady. Now, these people coming are perfect strangers. And now, I want you, everyone tonight, to do this for me, because I just have... Now, I'm waiting a call to Africa. And that might be any time. And I don't know just how many nights we can stay at any place, because He might... My life is given to Him. He could call me in ten minutes from now, and send me to Australia. I'd take out, see, just where it's at.

**28** And while we're here, I want you to get all the superstitions away from you. Settle everything down, and make yourself subject to the Holy Spirit, that God can move through you, and you'll get the benefit of God's blessings for you. That's what I've come to you. I've moved down like this and saying, "Now, God, You help me. And let the people all believe, and so I can minister to them." And when I leave the city, the glory of God will be everywhere, and the people be praising our dear Lord Jesus, whom we dearly love with all of hearts, and working for His vineyard. Now, in the divine Spirit---providence of God---is this gift of seeing, and foreknowing, and knowing what was, and what will be. That's nothing to heal; it's only to edify Jesus Christ, to bring His Word back, saying, "The things that I did, shall you also,"---what the Father would show.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**29** Now, I believe this lady standing here... I do not know you, do I, lady? I've never seen you, as far as I know of. We're perfect strangers. Never seen you in my life. And, well, if I don't know you, and probably you raised hundreds and hundreds of miles down here from me, then when I come down here to talk to you---well, me raised up in Indiana, probably you down in Florida---well then, when we come together to talk to one another... We've been miles apart, but God's knowed you since before you were born. He's knowed me since before I was born. And now, I believe you're a Christian, because your spirit seems to be welcome. You see, it just... When a Christian comes, there's just something that just says, "Welcome." And I get that right away. It's the Holy Spirit. But now, if me knowing nothing of you, and miles apart all of our life, the Holy Spirit would have to ... would do something that would make you know that the presence of His being is here. Then it'd make you have more confidence that I've told the truth.

**30** Now, I want you to get close. I just... Of course, you know what I'm doing now: I'm just contacting your spirit, see. But, in talking to you, I want you to believe this, (see) that God knows all things. And what it's trying to do is to get you in condition to receive Him as your healer, see; just something to stimulate the faith that's in you. Because being a Christian, it's there, but it may be laying dormant, see. And now, just to talk to you for a few moments, to kind of... Being the first patient, it's always just... I like, first, to take time to the patient till I know that His presence is there. Then I just start praying for the people, because if they'll halfway believe, they'll get a blessing, you see, if they'll just believe it. But the Angel of the Lord that Brother Baxter was telling about tonight... In His presence now, if He be standing near here, then He will... He knows you, and He knows me. And then, if there's something wrong with you, some sickness, then that absolutely (as you listen to the afternoon services, and so forth) that is a demon. All sickness is of the devil. You can't pin that on God, see. It's of the devil.

**31** Well then, if that be a spirit... Now, both of us here are spirits. Just the same as we're natural, we're supernatural. And then, if you be a Christian woman, and me a Christian man; and then in you is something, a spirit of sickness... And then, God has sent me as your brother, see. And I talk to you, and I tell you that He told me to go pray for the people. Now, that's all. Said, "If you'll get the people to believe you, be sincere when you pray, nothing will stand before the prayer." Now, that's the thing. Be sincere when I pray, and get the people to believe. Well, I've questioned my illiteracy. I had a grammar school education, just a seventh grade. How would I get the people to believe me? He said, "As Moses was given two signs of vindication...," and began to speak. You know how the story goes of it. Now, do you believe that that's the truth? Now, if He will reveal to me what is wrong with you, or something another about your life that you know that I know nothing about, then you'll believe that that's a true sign that God sent me here to pray for you. Is that right?

**32** All right. Now, I just want you to look; just keep looking to me, and believe Him. I tell you, Christian friends, it's quite a problem, you see. You got spirit all around you. In my auditorium meetings, I never had no one behind me, you see. No one around like that, nowhere, but out this one way, so I could keep my back this way, to look the patient straight. But see, there's sick people sitting back in there, see. Just as soon as I ... this woman ... just as soon as it starts coming in, it's moving from everywhere, you see. You have to watch, you'll get tangled up, see. But, it has to break single down to a vision to know. And see, there's people sitting there that's sick, here sick, here, here, back around here, and all around, standing in front of me. But I pray that God will be merciful.

**33** You're suffering with a... There's something wrong. It's a ... it's cancer. Is that right? Isn't that right? You just had an examination of that. And wasn't that on the breast? Is that right? Now, just see if I'm right. Was it on the left breast? Is that right? I seen the doctor when he was moving that thing around over you. Kind of a tall fellow was looking down. Is that right? Say, you're not from Florida. You're from New York. Is that right? Is that true? All right. I've seen you around a lake or something another up in there place. Is that true? I know the country. Come here just a minute. Do you believe that's the truth that God sent me for you to be well? Oh, God, have mercy. I pray that You'll be kind to this poor little woman, and will heal her, and will make her well. And now, as Your servant, knowing that if You don't touch her, Lord, in some way, she can't stay on the earth much longer. Lord, we need her. We need her here; she's our sister. And I pray sincerely now that her faith will mount up---way up---on and above all sickness, above all doubts, surmount plumb into the glory of God. And from this very hour, may she start mending and get well. I say, cursed be the cancer. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it leave her body. And may she go home a well woman, and serve God, through Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Are you going to get well? Do you believe with all your life? God bless you. Raise up now, say, "I accept my healing."

**34** How do you do, lady? Come. Now, it's your little baby? Well, he's a fine little... I see he's got a breaking out on his face. Well, that's too bad. Now don't... Now, that ain't bothering me a bit. That's all right, just let him alone. If he was... I imagine that's a kind of eczema on his face. Is that right? Do you believe [unclear words] to be the same? ["I sure do."] You do. Your baby has something else, too, doesn't it? Kind of asthmatic. Is that right? Say, you're suffering, too. You have some kind of a choking spirit. I believe it's a goiter or something that causes you to choke. Is that right? Say, another thing, you need Jesus Christ as your Saviour. Isn't that right? You're not a Christian. You want to become a Christian now? Raise up your hand, and signify to the people you want to be a Christian. Almighty God, this poor young mother standing here, holding her baby. And, we're taught that all things are working together for good. God, heal her. Take away the goiter off of her throat. Take it away, Lord, and heal this darling little baby. Save her soul from a life of sin. May she go home tonight rejoicing, happy, and may they both get well, and serve You all the days of their life. As she's accepted You now before this audience, You said, "If you will testify of me before men, I'll proclaim you before the Father. We thank Thee, Lord, that Thou has taken her, and has saved her, and has healed her; in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. You are my sister, now. Your sins are forgiven, you're healed, the baby's going to be all right. Go in peace, and God be with you.

```
Matthew 10:32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 10:33 But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.

Luke 12:8 Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:

Luke 12:9 But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.

```
**35** All right. Come. Have you believed? Why not be healed? No matter what would come, what would go, God has now vindicated Himself. He's here, present. Who is these people? There's been two or three come by. I never seen them in my life. I know nothing about them. Never heard of them, or seen them in my life. And you have to admit that there's something here. You'll have to admit it's in the supernatural realm. Now believe. It's the Spirit of Jesus Christ, the same one that knew where some mules were tied. The same one that said to Philip, when he came with Nathanael, He said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." He said, "Well, when did you know me?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree." Why, he never tried to say, "Now..." The Jews said, "Oh, He's just a good fortuneteller, Beelzebub." But Philip said, "Thou art the Son of God, the King of Israel." "We know that no man could do these things except God be with him."

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 3:2 The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.

```
**36** Well now, if you're in here, and not a Full Gospel people, and you got little superstition about you, get it out of your way. These people are not crazy. They got the Spirit of God upon them. They're foolish to the world, but it's the Spirit of God moving right into them. I was once in your condition, but God moved me in with people who believe. Now, get away from the doubting, and things you got in your heart, and believe, and you shall also receive, and be glory ... have glory of God. Here's a woman standing by me. It's the Spirit of God here. I don't know the lady. I never seen her in my life. But, you're a Christian (Isn't that right?) filled with the Holy Spirit. You was real excited the time when it happened. Is that right? And you're suffering now with a tubercular condition, and that's in the bowels. Is that right? Is that the same Christ that was at...? Now, the Lord Jesus heals you, lady. [Unclear words] . You can go and get well again, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**37** Have faith in God. Believe Him, and He'll bring it to pass. Come, sir. Do you believe? Only thing you have to do is have faith. Believe God, and God shall bring it to pass. Somebody's praying. Oh, what the Holy Spirit could do just this minute. What He could do, if people would just let Him. You're trying to get healed, right there. You're looking at me, just trying your best to pray to get healed. I couldn't heal you, my brother, but you look at me, and I can tell you what's wrong with you. I'll ask you this: You, sitting there, a stranger to me. If God will reveal to me what's wrong with you, will you accept your healing? You will? You have a rupture. Is that right? All right, stand up and accept your healing, then. Get well. All right. Do you believe me to be His servant, brother? I believe you believe that. ["I do."] Yes, sir. And only God ... only God, alone. I never seen you in my life, but the Holy Spirit's here now, see. The One who I... I know who I have believed. And I know that He told me. And I believe every word that He says. Say, by the way, I can see a pulpit standing between me and you. You're a minister of the Gospel. Is that right? ["That's right."] And don't you have something wrong with your throat? ["That's right."] Is that right? Raise up your hand. All right. Almighty God, heal this, your servant. And may this leave him, and go away from him tonight. And may it not bother him anymore. May it go, in the name of Jesus Christ, and may he preach the Gospel greater than ever before in his life, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you.

**38** Do you believe with all your heart? Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Just believe. You in the line, there. You wouldn't have to come in the line, if you just believe. You out there, you won't have to come in no line if you just believe. Have faith. I seen a... Where'd that man go, I just prayed for just then? Back there. I seen a pulpit---a line in here---just a few minutes ago, but there's a woman standing behind it. Oh, it's... Aren't you a lady minister, there? Have something wrong with your lung, don't you, sister? Isn't there a lung trouble, or something in that, along with your lung? Is that right? You believe with all your heart God'll make you well? All right. Stand up and accept your healing, then, in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**39** All right, come. Lady, do you believe? With all your heart? If I be God's servant, then God is here. Is that right? If I wasn't telling the truth, God would never testify of a thing. Is that right? God only testifies of His gifts. If I proclaim that and it's wrong, then God never sent me. If I tell it's the truth, you have a right to doubt me but not God. Then it's God now; it isn't me no more, now. I was just testifying awhile ago, but now He's testifying. Do you want to get over those kidney stones? You do? All right, then go, and may the Lord Jesus make you well, and heal you. In Jesus Christ' name, may it go from you. Let's say, "Praise be to God." All right. Do you believe? Would you like to feel that heart beating right again? Would you? Raise up your hand, and it'll do it. In the name of the Lord Jesus, may he go and be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. Go believing. Go believing, and thanking God for His goodness and mercy.

**40** All right. Bring the lady. Come, lady. You'd also like to get over heart trouble, wouldn't you, sister? ["Yes, sir."] You raise up your hand, say, "I accept it, right now, in the name of the Lord Jesus." Amen. All right. Come. Just happened to be you have a female trouble, and also a heart trouble. Isn't that right? Raise up your hand, and say, "I thank God for my healing." Go on believing, having faith. Come, lady. Are you believing? Say, lady sitting right over there, do you want to get over that high blood pressure? Sitting on the end. If you do, stand up. It left you just then, lady. If you'll just keep believing, you'll always be over it. God bless you. Have faith. All right, sister. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Standing between you and I is a table. You're moving back from it ---from that table---because you have a stomach trouble. It's a peptic ulcer in the stomach. Is that right? All right. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll heal her. May she go from here tonight, and be made well, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go accept it, now, believing, praising God.

**41** You, each one could be healed if you'll just believe. The presence of the Lord is near. The presence of the Lord is here to heal. Do you believe, lady? Do you want to get over that asthmatic condition you have? Say, "Thank God for healing me." Believe it with all your heart, and God will bring it to pass. Have faith. Do you believe, lady? Like to get over the arthritis? Raise up your hands, say, "Lord, I'm free! You made me free!" Then go off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, God." [Gap in the audio.]

**42** You have mental troubles, distress. Late in the evening when the sun starts going down, you start getting real nervous. Isn't that right? You're all tore up. You're in the menopause. It's caused you to have a stomach condition that you can't eat things. It turns to acid. Is that right? Raise up your hand, say, "I'm healed, Lord." Go off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Praise be to God." All right. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." In the name of the Lord Jesus, may he go and be healed, in Jesus' name. Amen. Say, "Thanks be to God." All right. Do you believe, lady? In the name of the Lord Jesus, may you go and be healed, and made whole, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Now is the time the presence of the Lord is here to heal. The waters is troubled. Now is the time to step in. This is the truth. God is vindicating the truth. Why can't you at this time? Look here. You don't have... The thing you have to do is have faith. You feel different, don't you? That's right.

**43** All right. Lady, you sitting in a chair there, look here. You don't have to come up here. You believe? You believe me to be His prophet? Then if it's so, why, you don't have to be standing here. I can tell you, sitting there. Is that right? You have female trouble. Is that right? It's an abscess on the ovary. Raise up your hand if you got female trouble. Raise up your hand. Is that right? Now, turn around and go back off the line and get well. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Don't you believe He'd heal you right now if you'd accept it? Let's stand and accept it then. Stand to your feet, everywhere. Now, let's pray. Let's raise our hands. Let's glorify the Lord. Lord Jesus, we thank Thee. Praise be to God. May Your Spirit fall. May You heal every one of them. May they go off from this building tonight knowing that the gift...
