---
Date: 1953-09-01
Title: Lord, I believe
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 52 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Lord, I believe



**1** Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee because Thou has permitted us to be back again tonight. So thankful for the message we have just heard of Thy Word. Faith inspiring. I pray God that that'll sink them seeds down deep in every heart here. And may it bring forth a perfect victory tonight for Jesus Christ. May there be decisions upon salvation, and decisions upon healing, in the people's hearts. May they find it there like they have never found it before. And may they act according to their convictions. For we ask this blessing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Good evening, friends. I'm happy to be here to minister again tonight, in the name of our Lord. Hearing that wonderful message, just kind of inspired my heart. Little tired. We drove all night last night, and all day today, and just got back awhile ago. And I rushed right on over.

**2** I see we haven't had any let-up in the weather around here. And they don't promise it for a few days yet. I'm very happy that you people are willing to sit out in this hot building, of a nighttime, to hear the glorious Gospel of Jesus Christ. So I owe it to you to start right on with the prayer line.

**3** I'm going to read some Scripture first here. And then I'm going to go right into praying for the sick. The 9th chapter of Saint John: And ... Jesus passed by, and saw a man which was blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind? Jesus answered, Neither has this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him. I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work. As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world. And when he had ... spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of ... spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay, And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (that is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing. The neighbors therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged? Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he. Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened? He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed my eyes, and said unto me, Go ... wash in the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received my sight. Then said they unto him, where is he? He said, I know not. They brought to the Pharisees him that beforetime was blind. And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and anointed his eyes. Then again the Pharisees also asked him how is it that thou has received thy sight. He said unto them, He put clay on my eyes, and I washed, and do see. Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keeps not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them. They said unto the blind man again, what sayest thou of him, that he has opened thine eyes? And he said, He is a prophet. But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called his parents of him that had received his sight. And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say that was born blind? how then doth he now see? His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind: But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who has opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself. These words spake the parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was the Christ, they should be put out of the synagogue. Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him. Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner. He answered and said, whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: but one thing I know, that, whereas I was once blind, I now see. Then said they unto him again, What did he do unto thee? how opened he thine eyes? He answered them, I have told you already, and you did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? ... also be his disciples? Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciples; but we are Moses' disciples. We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not ... whence he is. The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvelous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes. Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, he will hear it. Since the world began was it not heard that any man has opened ... one that was born blind. If this man were not of God, he could do nothing. Then answered and said ... They answered and said unto him, Thou art altogether born in sin, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out. Then Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he ... found him, he said unto him, Dost thou now believe ... the Son of God? He answered and said, who is he, Lord, that I may believe on him? ... Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee. And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.

```
John 9:1 And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.

John 9:2 And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?

John 9:3 Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.

John 9:4 I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.

John 9:5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

John 9:6 When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,

John 9:7 And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.

John 9:8 The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?

John 9:9 Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.

John 9:10 Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?

John 9:11 He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.

John 9:12 Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.

John 9:13 They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.

John 9:14 And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.

John 9:15 Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.

John 9:16 Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.

John 9:17 They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.

John 9:18 But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.

John 9:19 And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?

John 9:20 His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:

John 9:21 But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.

John 9:22 These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.

John 9:23 Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.

John 9:24 Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.

John 9:25 He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.

John 9:26 Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?

John 9:27 He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?

John 9:28 Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples.

John 9:29 We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.

John 9:30 The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.

John 9:31 Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.

John 9:32 Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.

John 9:33 If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.

John 9:34 They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.

John 9:35 Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?

John 9:36 He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?

John 9:37 And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee.

John 9:38 And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.

```
**4** What a marvelous occasion: a man born blind, Jesus opened his eyes. And then the people didn't believe it and they was questioning him, what he did about it. He only did what Jesus told him to do. And if any person will do what Jesus tells them to do, you will receive just what you have need of---if you will just believe. Do you believe that? May the Lord add His blessings now, as we start to pray for the sick. All right. I believe Billy met me there on the stairway a while ago, and said he give out prayer cards A-50 to a hundred. And let's start praying for the sick. And we won't keep you no longer than we can help. Maybe a little later on in the week, it will get a little cooler. And then we'll press right into it with everything that we have. Let's be in prayer.

**5** How many in here believes God's going to hear tonight and answer prayer? Oh, isn't that wonderful? Brother Lindsay, that looks mighty nice doesn't it? See a solid ground there, of every person believing ... on believing grounds. Anything could happen. Now, the one thing I'm going to ask you to do, is... How many has faith that Jesus Christ has risen from the dead and is manifesting Himself right here among us? Do you believe that? Well, now, all the faith you have will never do no good until you get some works with it. Is that right? You've just got to say now, "I believe it. I accept it. That settles it. And here I am." See, that's it. That settles the whole thing. All right.

**6** Let's not call too many at once. We get usually fifty or a hundred up here, and they stand in line and get so tired. Let's take ... Who's got prayer card A-50? Let's see your hand. Prayer card A-50? Look on the back of a little card and you will see it has got a number there. And your name is on the front of it. A-50? Is that here? Raise up your hand, ever who has it. A-50. 51? I thought I got the wrong letter ... 51? Who has prayer card A-51? 52? Raise up quickly when you can. 52, 53, 54, A-55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60? Did you give out A's, son? What say? Oh, they're raising their han... All right. I just thought... I didn't see the hands myself. I'm sorry. All right. I started at A-50. Yes. I got A-50, A-51, 52, on down. I got up to sixty now. Let's see what we got now, 60. Now, you take your places.

**7** You know, I'm so thankful that, as far as I know, there's only been one person that I know of that come in the building that was crippled, what God hasn't healed, except this lady, sitting right here. And I watched. I know what's wrong with her. And I know what's happened. But I'm just waiting to see the time when she's healed, then I'll call her. Because she's been faithfully coming. There's been a little girl sitting there. But all the cots and stretchers and the cripples and everything has been healed and walked out in the meeting. Isn't that marvelous? Everyone that they brought. All right.

**8** Now, what we got, up to fifty? To sixty, I believe, wasn't it? All right. Let's go to seventy then. Seventy-five, let's make that. A-50 to 75. And see... Don't get too many in the line. Then we'll maybe get some more, just in a few moments. Blest be the tie that binds Our hearts in Christian love; The fellowship of kindred minds Is like to that above. We share our mutual woes, Our mutual burdens bear; And often for each other flows A sympathizing tear. When we asunder part, It gives us inward pain; But we shall still be joined in heart, And hope to meet again. Don't you just love those old songs? Like... Down at the cross where my Saviour died, Down where for cleansing from sin I... There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name! Glory... (Prayer card number 70 is out, he says. Prayer card A-70.) Glory to His precious name! Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name!

**9** Someone holding prayer card 70. Would you check someone sitting near you? It may be a deaf person. A-70. If they're in the building, why, come take your place if you would. While we sing this next verse. I am so wondrously saved from sin, Jesus so sweetly abides within, There at the cross where He took me in; Oh, glory to His name! Glory to His (precious) name! Oh, glory to His (precious) name! There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His....

**10** I wouldn't swap those songs for all the little choppy songs. I think they're wonderful. Let's sing just: Glory To His Name, the chorus. And just shake hands with someone sitting near you. Will you? Just turn around or something and shake hands. Come on now. Glory to His (precious) name! Glory to His (precious) name! There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His..... Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee for Thy blessings. That we can sing tonight: Glory To His name. For it was there at the cross where He took us in. Coming unworthy. All undone, naked, wretched, blind, spiritually speaking. And God in His tender mercy, reached down and taken us, an alien away from Him. And God cleansed us from our sins by the blood of His Son, Jesus Christ. And now has positionally set us in heavenly places with Him.

**11** And now we are sons and daughters of God, joint heirs with Christ in the kingdom, sitting in heavenly places. The Holy Spirit moving upon us. Oh, no wonder our hearts tremble when we hear those old-fashioned songs. Just makes us so grateful to You, Lord. Thank You. The writers of these old songs is with You tonight perhaps. God rest their gallant souls until they take body form again. Help us, Lord, as we sing them, to realize what they were meant for. Give us grace tonight, Father, and power of the Holy Spirit. And now, shut down, as it was, all doubt. Just shut it out of the building, Lord. And may faith rise and take its place. And may it be very predominant tonight. And may evil spirits leave the people, great joy be among the people, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**12** Let's hum that once will you? [Brother Branham hums: Glory To His Name] Oh, how I love that. That was one of the first songs touched my heart. Cowboy playing it. [Brother Branham hums again.] Glory to His name... God bless you. Trusting to Jesus Christ for our all tonight. Believing that He is here with us. Believing that He is helping us, trying with His great love and mercy to inspire faith in Him. That's our only alternative. Try to find favor with the people, as God will let us, that their faith might be lifted up to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ more. We're strangers. I do not know you. You perhaps don't know me, unless it's just by letter, or mail, or somewhere seeing me in the pulpit. But God knows us both. And knowing it is totally impossible for us to know anything of each other, no more than maybe, you'd know of me more. Because you've read papers and so forth. But for me to know you...

**13** Now, you look like a healthy woman. And you may be for all I know. God knows that, I don't. But He's risen from the dead and living here with us tonight, and has promised us that the things that He did that we'd do also. And He didn't heal anyone, you know. He claimed He didn't heal. No. He said, "The Father does it." Is that right? But He knew their hearts, knew their thoughts. And He said, "I only do what the Father shows Me." Could you imagine Him going through all those cripples there at Bethesda? And just think of those poor little waterhead babies, and crippled, and spastics and drawed up. And He never touched a one of them.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**14** Walked right on over, and the man wasn't too bad. He'd had maybe a prostate trouble or something for about thirty-eight years. He was laying on a pallet. Jesus healed him. Then walked right on out of the building. Mmm. And they said He was full of love and compassion. His love was to the Father. And as the Father would permit, He would do. He said the same thing in the 19th verse, you know. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son does nothing in Himself. But what He sees the Father doing that doeth the Son likewise." In other words, He does just what the Father shows Him. Now, if the Father tonight... Now, I believe as far as your healing, the Father has already got that in His glory tonight. Yeah. Because when He gave Jesus, that purchased your healing.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**15** Now the only thing the Father could do... And then He sent His Word. Brother Baxter preached it very lovely and nicely tonight. Now, if there's anything else could be done, there's gifts set in the church. Is that right? And then through there, God drops down, besides His love and His message of the Word... Then He puts gifts in the church that does different things. Now, it there's a gift in the church... I believe Paul said, "If all of you speak with tongues and there comes in the unlearned, why, they'll say you're mad. But" said, "if there is one who prophesies and reveals the secrets to the people, then they'll all fall down and say, 'Truly God is with you.'" Is that right?

```
1 Corinthians 14:23 If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?

1 Corinthians 14:24 But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:

1 Corinthians 14:25 And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.

```
**16** Why such as that in a church tonight, don't you think it ought to be sufficient for every person to accept Jesus Christ and believe Him? Now, He has risen. He is just like... We're standing, talking like our Master and the woman at the well. Now, I'm doing this for a purpose. You know that. There's lots of people out there. Lots of believers. There's literally hundreds of them. But I'm trying to contact you. Now, wasn't nothing immorally wrong with the woman. I was just talking to her just a moment. I know that microphone's live. Now, do you believe that God could show me what your trouble was? and whether it be anything, whether it's domestic or whether it's ... or, whatever it will be? sickness or whether it...? If you're just curious, or whatever it would be, God could reveal it, couldn't He? He could. Yes. You believe He could. All right.

**17** But you're not here just for curiosity, because you're really ill. Your trouble is in your chest. You have hurting in your chest. You've had an operation on that chest, is what has caused it. It was a tumor operation or something. It was a growth in a breast and they removed it. Is that right? Now, if that's ... if God could reveal that... Now, just what was it? Wasn't it something about an operation or something? Something... Yeah ... yeah. Breast removed. All right. All right. If God can stand and do that through a worthless piece of flesh as we are, well, He is Almighty, isn't He? But He spoke through a mule one time, and told a man something. And He spoke through a cloud of fire. He spoke through many... Just a moment.

```
Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

Exodus 3:4 And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.

Numbers 22:28 And the LORD opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?

```
**18** Besides this, I see, you're getting away from me again. Going away. You have a very sad and lowly heart. You've lost your husband, haven't you, sister? Are you convinced that Jesus Christ is near here now? You accept your healing from Him? May you and I have a word of prayer together? Our lovely Father, we thank Thee for Your mercies and kindness. And I pray for mercy for our dear sister. And may all the evil leave her. And may her heart rejoice and be made glad. And may she be healed tonight, and go to her home rejoicing. Now, may her faith have works with it. Grant it, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, look, we are strangers. Now, those things seem like I had a dream, see. But now what was said, was it the truth? Whatever it was. If it was the truth, let the audience know by raising up your hand---if it's the truth. I knew nothing of it. No way in the world for me to know it, is that right? We're just perfectly total strangers.

**19** Now, Jesus Christ is here. Jesus Christ healed the woman, and she go home and be happy now, see. Why? Just because that she... Now, you're going to be. Because you've come in the right attitude. No one ever come to Christ in the right attitude, but what went away with what they asked for. No one, see. Now, you go and if God could say what your life has been, God would surely know what your life will be. Is that right? All right. Go on now. Forget all. Be happy. You're going to rejoice and be happy. God bless you. All right. I want to pray for these letters right now, before the anointing gets so deep upon me till I forget them. Now, Heavenly Father, here are some letters laying here, and they've got handkerchiefs in them. And they're going to the sick and the afflicted. I pray for mercy, dear God. I pray that You will heal every one of them.

**20** I realize, Lord, that we're unprofitable servants. There is nothing in us that's any good. But we think of what Jesus has commanded us to do. Oh, we just love You for that. And now, we're taught that they'd taken off of the body of Paul, handkerchiefs, or aprons. And unclean spirits went out of the people and they was healed of diseases. We're not the Saint Paul, but You're still Jesus. Now, we send these handkerchiefs in Jesus Christ's name. That everyone that these handkerchiefs touch, may they be healed, for God's glory, and the glory of Jesus Christ, His Son. For we ask it in His name. Amen. God bless you. I think here's two more, brother. Oh, they're... Yes, sir. All right. Good evening, sir. Do you believe on the Lord Jesus with all your heart and with all your soul? If our dear precious Lord Jesus would happen to come down in His anointing power, and would reveal what you're seeking for... That would be the main thing would be on your heart, was what you're seeking for. Whether it's for ... whatever it would be. No matter what it would be. He could reveal it. Is that right? Through His power. You believe that? Would you then accept, if He told you what to do about it? Would you then accept it if He would reveal what's wrong or what you want? And then He would tell you to do... You would accept His decision? Would that be right? May God bless you, my brother, I pray. I believe you're coming humbly. I believe you're approaching God in the way to receive something.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**21** Yes, sir. Your trouble is in your heart. You have an enlarged heart. [The brother says, "That's right."] That's right. And you also have dropsy, don't you? Swelling. It gets real big sometimes. Water just floods ... separates in the water. Do you believe that He did make you whole when He died at Calvary for you? ["Yes."] You now, while you're standing on this spot here, in the presence of this company and before God, you now accept Jesus' atonement there for your healing? Believe that you will get well and that heart will go down normal? ["I do."] If you will believe that with all your heart, before this meeting close, you will lay a ticket on this desk here, that your heart has gone down and your dropsy has left you. Will you do it with all your heart? ["I believe with all my heart."] O God, Creator of heavens and earth, send Thy blessings upon the man, and bring this to pass, for I rebuke this heart trouble. This swelling, whatever it is wrong with him. In Jesus Christ's name, may it leave him. Come out of the man. Amen. Now, go believing with all your heart, my brother. God will make you well. Be in prayer now. All right.

**22** Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart, sister? You believe that Jesus Christ... If we would ask God... Now, it's not only me praying, my sister; all those Christians are praying. And these back here. They're all ... and they're ministers and everything, they're waiting, wondering, and they're wanting you to be healed. Do you believe that you will, when we ask God? Well, now, just something to stimulate your faith. I could either, come over here and quote a Scripture, or I could give a testimony or maybe God would come down and reveal something. Whatever He would do, you would be thankful, wouldn't you? You would.

**23** And would there be a ... enough evidence after hearing that sermon tonight, would it be enough evidence to you that you're going to be made well? It would? If God would just tell you what ... just reveal to me what's wrong with you, then that'd be enough evidence for you that you're going to be made well? Your trouble is in your blood, is what it is, because between you and I, drops of blood are... And it looks white. You're anemic. Is that right? Is that true? Then come here. Sister, by eyes of faith, let's look there to Calvary. And there was blood sufficient, come from them, Immanuel's veins, to give a blood transfusion by faith, tonight.

**24** O God, be merciful to this poor little woman. Lord, we're just creatures of this earth, trying to get through. Trying to live as long as we can to serve You. And I pray as I lay hands upon this woman, according to a commission that was given to me by an Angel that said, "If you be sincere when you pray, get the people to believe, nothing shall stand before their prayer." And, O great God, who sent Him, may He now confirm the Word with signs following, as I'm laying my hands upon this little woman, and asking that she may be healed of this condition, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, sister dear, if your faith is just exactly where God said, I believe with all my heart that you're going to be well. I believe it with all my heart. You believe it too? Now, there can't be nothing stand in your way. Was you here last night when I was speaking on taking the Hivites and the...? See, just push them out of the way now and go on, thanking God for being healed. God bless you. We want to hear from you. All right.

**25** Let us say, "Thanks be to God." [Someone speaks to Brother Branham.] ( Yes, sir. All right, that's fine. If I move out, you move me back because I forget about it, if you will.) How do you do, sister? You want to get over that diabetic condition, and go home, and be well, and be made well again? Would you like to do it? Come here just a minute. O Lord, Creator of heavens and earth, as this poor little mother standing here, looking at her little withered up hands, I think of my own mother setting there in the audience. And, Lord, no doubt, but what has wiped back the tears from a many crying baby's face. Probably done a many days' washing.

**26** And, O God, maybe these little old fingers have thumbed through the Bible, and read the promises and now, Satan is trying to make her life just as miserable as he can. But we withstand him tonight by the promise of Jesus Christ. Now, Satan, you leave the woman, as we lay hands upon her and believe with all of our heart that God's Word is true, and you are a liar, and you're defeated in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, sister, go and God's peace be with you. Because I believe you're going to be well. You accept it now? [The sister says, "Yes. Amen."] Amen. God bless you. Oh, my! All right, sister, if you believe God with all your heart, your eyes will never go out, and get well, and you will be all right. That's your main thought tonight. Of course, you got some more things, as woman of your age, a female and so forth. But that isn't nothing compared with what your eyes is. Your eyes is your main subject because they're getting very bad. And it looks like you may go blind.

**27** But let's look to that One who anointed that man's eyes with clay. He spit on the ground. And as he stood talking, He was spitting on the ground. And then He picked up that mud and spit, and rubbed it in His hands and plastered his eyes with it. What would the health authorities say about that today, see? But that was Jesus Christ. The man obeyed just exactly what He told him to do, and come back seeing. Is that right? Now, if you will obey just exactly what He said to do, you will receive yours too, and you will be well. You believe it? Let's pray. Lord Jesus, now standing there in that little building that night, when the light flashed across the floor and a great mighty Being come walking into that light, trembling, I thought that maybe my time had come. But You said I was to go pray for the sick. And I'm doing it tonight, Lord, as faithfully as I know how.

**28** Bless this woman who I bless in Thy name and may the blind spirit leave her. May she get well. I pray this blessing in Jesus' name and ask You, Lord, that her faith will not fail but she will go off this platform, so happy and full of the Holy Spirit, until she won't even have to use glasses or nothing. And be perfectly well. In Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, mother. God bless you. All right, would you come, sir? Having faith? Believing with all your heart now. All right. Do that now. Would you like to get over the stomach trouble, son? Be made well. [The brother says, "Yes."] You would? Do you believe God's Word is right? ["Yes, sir, I do."] Do you believe that sermon tonight was right? ["Yes, sir."] Do you believe that I represent Him in a divine gift, which seen there that you can't drink coffee and stuff like that, to scoot it back, because it sours on your stomach? ["Yes."] Got acid condition? ["Yes."] Is that right? Belches it up. Your teeth gets all sensitive. Sometimes you have to go out and vomit up what you've eat. Is that right? ["Yes."] Exactly right.

**29** Now, if the Holy Spirit is standing here to make that known unto you, would you believe me as His servant? ["Yes."] If you will go out of here and forsake that thing, just lay it aside; and go out rejoicing, and happy, and eat; no matter how you feel, eat anyhow; there will be after awhile (you will find out) you won't have any stomach trouble at all. Do you believe me? ["Yes, I do."] Lord, may it come to pass, in Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Go now, and eat anything you want to and have faith. Do you believe, sir? Just as you're coming, walking like that, believe that God will make you well, just as soon as you get here and pray for you? You believe that with all your heart? [The brother speaks to Brother Branham.] Yes, I know you. I know what's your trouble, but I'm just asking you a question. You will believe that it will do it? All right, come here.

**30** O Almighty God, Author of life, giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon the man. And may his nerves quieten now. May he go off the platform here, Father, and be well. May he just take Jesus just now, and know that Jesus Christ is the all-sufficient sacrifice. God is Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord will provide a sacrifice for Himself." And now the sacrifice has been provided. May our brother accept it by faith and act it by works, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, go rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord." You'll be made well. All right, come. Believe it by faith; act it by works, see. Act like it. You know, I may be wrong, and if I am, I pray, God forgive me. But I believe if I was sick and would walk up to a platform, and knowing I was a stranger to this person, and that person had been explained, the Word had been laid out so carefully; and I'd watched it and seen how nice it was laid out, and see it was absolutely fundamentally the Gospel truth; and then the Holy Spirit would be kind enough to me to reveal to me just what I was asking for, like that; you know, I believe I'd jump off that platform, screaming. Now, that's me, see. And remember, if you don't believe with all your heart, don't never get in that line, because it would be better for you that you didn't.

**31** Because the Bible said, "Go ye and sin no more, or a worse thing come upon you." And what is sin? Unbelief. When God has made Himself manifested to you, like that, and you go away, "Well, I don't know. He might have guessed that. It might..." Brother, it's not guessing, see. No. And you go away like that, then just look out for something else to happen. That's right. So, don't even come in the line. No matter what happens, you stay out of the line if you don't believe with all your heart that the works come from Jesus Christ. Just stay out. And let someone come up who will believe, see. And to me, I think it would be the most happiest thing in the world, to know that ... I know sometimes, I'm asking for something. And He will show me a vision. And I tell you, my wife thinks they got the Salvation Army in the bedroom, sometimes. When He reveals to me something another that I've been asking for for... And all at once, I look and here stands before me. And I see it unfolding to me, and I will scream and cry; and I tell you, I'm just so happy, I can't hardly hold myself together.

```
John 5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

```
**32** It's a wonderful thing. You believe that too, lady? If you'd get over that female trouble, would you be happy? Well, just go rejoicing, and say, "Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord." And get over it. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." God be merciful to us. Amen. How He is long-suffering, forbearing, not willing that any should perish, but all might come to repentance. Isn't He marvelous? All right, would you come lady, please? Just have faith now. Don't doubt. Believe everything. You will receive what you ask for, if you believe it.

```
2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**33** How do you do, sister? Now, do you believe if Jesus was here, standing here, wearing this coat and a pair of trousers He gave me... If He was standing here, He would know what was wrong with you. But now, He would have to do what the Father told Him, see. Well, now, I believe that if the Father would tell Him this: "Son, do You remember when You made that sacrifice to Calvary, You healed that woman," see; why, He'd say, "Yes, Father. Well then, I know I give a commission though. When I left the world, that they should go into the world and preach the Gospel and lay hands on the sick and they'd get well." I believe that would kind of be the conversation, don't you think so?

**34** Well then, if He is here... But He's working through His church now; and we're His church. Then if I'd lay hands upon you, like He commissioned me to do, do you believe that arthritis would all leave you and you would be able to just to stomp your feet around and run home? Do you believe that? Then receive it in the name of Jesus Christ. May it leave you. Now, come on. Jump your feet up and down. That's right. Now, see it's all gone. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Would you believe the same way if you were up here? Well in the name of Jesus Christ may you receive it and return back to your city rejoicing and being well. Amen. Now, go doing that with all your heart. Just being happy and rejoicing and praising the Lord. Amen.

**35** That's the way, friends. You've got to show God your appreciation. You know, if I would do something for somebody and I'd say ... I'd have to make a great sacrifice like God did for us, and then, somebody... I'd have my little check wrote out here to someone and I'd say, "Here you are, brother, for your missions in the foreign fields or something." He'd reach over: "Uh-huh." I'd feel kind of bad, wouldn't you? Oh, I'd expect him to say, "Thank you, Brother Branham. I know that really is taking what you got. You see. But I sure appreciate it, Brother Branham."

**36** And that's the way God wants you to say, "Why, thank You, Father. I come up here to be healed and it's all explained to me. And You've proven it to me now. So, I'm ready to go away from here rejoicing. Praise the Lord." And go away just rejoicing, and made well. That's the way to do it. No matter if He wouldn't say nothing at all, still you should rejoice, because the Word said so first. And that's the initial. Is that right, brethren? That's the initial, the Word. All right, bring the lady. All right. Are you believing with all your heart? Little lady sitting there, you got bowel trouble and rectal trouble, sitting right back there. Isn't that right? You was healed just a few minutes ago, of that, as you'll see. And you were sitting there and I was trying to wait. I tell you a little later on, but I was afraid I'd forget it.

**37** Now, you go home; that's going to stop. That dysentery and everything is going leave you. And it's going to be all right; them hemorrhoids and things will go away and you're going to be all right. God bless you. Have faith. That's your faith now. I never prayed for you. Your faith has saved you. Your faith has made you whole, see, see. You didn't have a prayer card to get in the line or nothing, so there was no way for you to get here. But you just had faith. And God has healed you and made you well. So that's just the way He does it. Amen. How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? You believe? Well, you believe that Jesus Christ is here to make you whole? You suffer with some sort of a nervous condition. Isn't that right? You're very nervous, upset. Say, you're not ... you're not from Chicago. You're from out ... you come from a way ... from the East, coming here. [The sister speaks to Brother Branham.] Yes. All right. You believe He is going to send you back well? ["Yes, indeed."] You believe that? ["That's why I came here."] That's right. Now, raise up your hands and say, "Thank You, Lord." Amen.

**38** Now, the nervousness is gone from you. You was made well standing right there. Return back to Buffalo, rejoicing and praising God. God bless you, sister. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." See, never prayed for the woman. Never touched her at all. I seen an airplane rise up. And I looked to the right hand side of the airplane where she looked from, and Niagara Falls was to the right, from where she raised up from. But I knowed she'd come from the East somewhere. Because she passed by Niagara Falls. Is that right, lady? All right. So, that's right. It was in the vision just then. Amen. Hallelujah! Our Lord Jesus cannot fail.

**39** Are you finished with that old kidney trouble and giving it over to God, and saying, "I'm going home and get well."? Believe it right now? You just go off of the platform, say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." And be happy. God'll bless you and make you well. Never want to wear glasses, do you? You want to be well from that eye trouble, is that right? And you're nervous and upset and so forth. All right. Believe Jesus heals you right where you're standing? Go in the name of Jesus Christ, may the thing go out of you. Amen. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." You do the same thing lady, you had the same thing. Now, go on rejoicing. Yes. That's exactly. Go off and say, "Praise the Lord." Just go rejoicing, happy. Saying, "Blessed be the name of the Lord." Amen.

**40** Oh, what we ought to do tonight, we ought to take this place by... Not hold the fort but take the fort. Jesus Christ here, the Son of God... Now look, lady. Here. Come across there. Just let's see you walk like a young lady. Come right on down there. That's the time. Yes, ma'am. That's the way. That's the way I want you to do it. Amen. Praise the Lord. She had been bothered so much, nervously too. Yes. You're bothered with a nervous condition too, aren't you sitting there on the end of the row. No. Your husband, sitting next to you. Uh-huh! Yes, sir. You've been in the hospital, haven't you? Spent two or three months over in a hospital, with a nervous breakdown. Is that true? All right. You can go home and get well now.

**41** Lady, you hit that lady. You're some ... connected with her. Is that right? You have arthritis, don't you? The lady in the checkered dress. You want to go home and get well, too? Well, God bless you. Just when the service is over, go down the street, singing Glory To His Name. And just... Stand up. That's right, brother. Stand up and give God praise. That's right. Amen. Say, "Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord for His healing power." Amen. Our Lord Jesus cannot fail. There's no way for Him to fail. He is the Lord. Amen. Have faith now. Believe with all your heart, and God will grant it.

**42** It keeps moving... Are you two sisters there? And if God just... If you will just have the least bit of faith, lady, you'll be healed tonight, see. You won't never use them crutches no more. If you just have faith now. All right, bring the lady on. Do you believe with all your heart? All your soul? All your strength? Excuse me. I'm glad you said, "Yes." That's very nice. That's what I want you to do is say, "Yes." Do you believe God will make you well? Exactly. You have trouble in your chest, too. Isn't that right? A hurting. You got a lot of troubles too, haven't you? You're now thinking about someone at home. I believe it's a mother. You have a mother; she has a stroke, I believe it is. Or... Yeah. And you have high blood pressure, too. That's right.

**43** Say, by the way, aren't you Catholic by faith? [The lady say, "Yes."] Is that right? I seen the beads and things that... Do you believe that God will heal you? And make them well? And you will go home happy, rejoicing and... Wouldn't you like to have the fullness of God's Spirit, to be filled with the Holy Ghost? Wouldn't you like ... wouldn't you enjoy that blessing? Do you know it's for you, sister? Jesus Christ died that you might have it. And I pray that you will receive the Holy Ghost before you leave this meeting. You know what the apostolic way to receive the Holy Ghost is to lay hands on them. And they received the Holy Ghost. And you will receive it. Do you believe that? Come here just a moment.

**44** Almighty God, as this woman with her sincerity, standing here, believing that You're going to make her well, I pray that You will heal her, and all that's connected in this. And may she also receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Lord. May she be a testimony in this last days, to give praise and glory to God, in Jesus Christ's name. Go off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord." Amen. That's the way. Amen. Some clergy ought to get to her immediately. All right, come if you will. All right. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that God will make you well? That's wonderful. All right. I want you to have faith in God and believe with all your heart that God's going to make you well. And that back will just smooth out. And you won't have that trouble no more. Is that right? [The lady says, "That's right."] It's gone now. God has took it away from you. Move yourself down like this, and see. See what I mean? Now, you go on off the platform and be happy. Your faith healed you, sister.

**45** All right, come, sir. Uncle, as you come, do you believe that Jesus Christ the Son of God died to make you well? [The brother says, "Yes, sir."] And He will heal you of that heart trouble if you will ask Him? ["Yes, sir."] Do you believe He does it now? ["Yes, sir."] Then say, "Praise the Lord." ["Praise the Lord."] That's right. Glory! That's the way to do it. Amen. Come, sir. That's... Amen. Brother, I'm telling you, colored folks are not ashamed of their religion. I know that from being down in Africa, where they come from. Brother, let them see the power of God move once, and you don't have to say no more. They got it and gone. Amen. Oh, shame on us. Amen.

**46** Wouldn't a nice big thick hamburger taste good tonight? You haven't had one in a long time. Go on eat it. God bless you. And may the Lord [unclear words] . Amen. Hallelujah! Now, if that man can go off the platform---that colored man---rejoicing, healed with heart trouble, you ought to receive the same thing. God bless you. Go on. That's right. Go on and believe with all your heart. Do you believe, lady? That old arthritis is gone from you. Go on off and show the people what God has done for you. Amen. Amen. Get away from that heart trouble. Just move on across, saying, "Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord." And be made whole. Amen. Do you believe with all your heart now? Lord Jesus, bless the woman, and heal her, I pray, in Jesus' name. Amen. Now go rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus. Thank You." All right. Have faith in God. Amen.

**47** God bless you, lady sitting there. You ain't going to be bothered with that old sinus no more. It's done gone from you now. Amen. Amen. God makes you whole, sister. God be with you. Hallelujah! You want to get over that rheumatism, sitting there? You do, just believe it, raise up. Have faith in God, God'll make you well. Amen. That's all you have to do. Sister Woods, I thought that was you. But it isn't. It's the lady sitting next to you there. She has a female disorder. And she's nervous. Kind of a nervous disposition. Something's happened to her nerves. Isn't that right, lady? You're having kind of a little domestic affair. Isn't that true? Well, God bless you. May He make you completely whole, take everything away, and make you exactly well. God bless you and give you peace.

**48** Sitting right back out there, with that sinus, sir. If you want to get well, just raise up and accept it with all your heart. God bless you. He healed you just then. It's all finished now. You can go home. God bless you. How do you do, lady? Do you believe me as God's servant? [The sister says, "Yes, I do."] All right, I want to talk to you just a minute, being that you're the last one in the prayer line. Do you believe with all your heart? ["Yes, I do."] All right. Do you believe our Lord Jesus Christ is here in all of His lovely power?

**49** We're strangers, I suppose. I don't know you. Never seen you in my life. Anybody know the woman, out there? Somebody? All right. People knows the woman. Then you know we're strangers and that's true. Now, our Lord Jesus is here. Why don't we just accept it and say, "God I'm thankful. I'm going to accept mine right now." All right. That's right. You've come for a very good reason. I respect you and honor you, because it's... You're barren, and you want children. Isn't that right? ["Yes."] You've heard, somebody told you about what happened and so forth. I have never asked that in my life but what God granted it.

**50** Say, aren't you a min... No, your husband's a preacher. Isn't that right? All right. God bless you. And may the Lord grant to you your desire. God bless this little woman and make her fruitful, Lord. I pray that You'll grant it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Who wants to be healed? Stand to your feet. Now, you wouldn't have stood up 'less you had faith. Is that right? Now, if you've got works to go with your faith, raise up your hands and praise the Lord. Just as loud as you can. Say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." And Father, I pray in Jesus' name that You'll heal every one of them.
