---
Date: 1953-11-06
Title: Do you now believe?
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Sportcenter in Owensboro, Kentucky, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 20 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Do you now believe?



**1** ... power of God to the people, the Gospel will never have much effect upon the people. A Mohammedan can have just as much joy and shout just as loud as a Christian does, and have just as much confirmation that he's going to Heaven as a Christian can. That's right. He believes in God, but he's deeply in error. Now what he has to see is some manifestation. Dr. Reedhead, which received the Holy Spirit in my room, he said that standing to a staunch Mohammedan, who had been educated here in America, he said, "Why don't you renounce your dead prophet and receive a resurrected Lord Jesus?"

**2** He said, "Kind sir, what can your Lord Jesus do more for me than my prophet?" "Why," he said, "He is risen from the dead, He gives us hope of eternal life." He said, "Our Mohammed gave us the promise of eternal life too." Said, "We have joy." He said, "So do we." So he said, "If our Mohammed ... you've had two thousand years to prove that your Lord Jesus raised from the dead." And said, "Two thirds of the world knows nothing about it." He said, "But let our Mohammed raise from the dead, and all the world will know about it." He said, "Besides, our Mohammed never promised us things like your Lord Jesus. Your Lord Jesus promised as He raised up the things that He did, you'd do also. Now let me see you scholars produce that, and we will believe that the Lord Jesus raised from the dead." He said, "Brother Branham, I changed the subject." He had to. Oh, we teach it in theology, but brother, Christianity is a practice, it's a life.

```
John 16:27 For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.

John 16:28 I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

John 16:29 His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.

John 16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

John 16:31 Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?

```
**3** Let me read some of the words of our Lord. At the 16th chapter of Saint John, 27th verse I read: For the Father himself loveth you, because you have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God. I came forth from the Father, and am come again into the world: again, I leave the world, and go unto the Father. His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb. Now we are sure that that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we know thou comest forth from God. Jesus answered them, Do you now believe?

**4** Because that He knew what was going on, they recognized that His testimony was true, for God confirmed His testimony to be the truth. That's the way we believe these things, is a confirmation of truth. Now you say, "What is truth?" "Christ is truth." And Christ confirmed in a human life makes it truth. Now I am not calling any down, because of unbelief, because it's ... I pray God forgive me of my unbelief. I'm ashamed of my faith in the presence of my audience. There's many personal dealings and face to face talks, and the experience that God has by His sovereign grace, given me. And no more faith than I have, I feel ashamed of myself. And I publicly confess it. I ought to have mountains of faith, when I'm ashamed, and therefore I can't rebuke you.

**5** But the only thing that I say is, "God help us to have faith." And as we see manifestations of God's presence, increases our faith to believe in Him. For instance, how could Israel doubt God after they seen the Red Sea open up? After they seen Moses do the signs that he did. How could they doubt God? But they did, they doubted Him, and murmured in their hearts and wanted to go back. Tomorrow, if the printer has them ready, I'm to bring down that picture, the Angel of the Lord in the pillar of fire. Scientifically taken, maybe I'll tell you the story of it tomorrow night. Someone had asked my boy if they could use them on radio program. You'd have to get them from the Douglas Studios, they're copyrighted in Washington, DC. And I have no control of them myself, I just buy them and let the people have them for what I get them for. But we'll have them tomorrow night. And I'll try to tell you the story of them if I can. ROM10:17

**6** But what brings faith should be initially, first, the Word. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word of God." Now besides the Word, God has set in the church gifts to manifest His presence with His people, and His attitude towards His people, that they may have faith in Him. Do you believe that, if you do, would you say, "Amen." That is Scripturally as well as I know how to place it. Now I have no criticism to offer to anyone, or any churches. If they can have whiskey stores on every corner, and places of amusements in every city, we should have churches on every corner doing their bit for the glory of God. And we have no time to criticize them, no matter how much we may differ with them, yet we should love them and try our best to bring a unity of brotherhood among men. That has been my alternative.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**7** When I stood by the grave of a great man gone on, and his church came up, was a great church for a while, and then the first thing you know, it begin to cool off and all things that he once taught, looked like cast aside. And the first beginning of the ministry when Brother Roberts, Brother Jaggers, and every one of them come sat right where you're sitting tonight, saw what God was doing. Came and talked it over, we prayed together, and they went out and done great work across the nation. To whom I give God thanks and praise for each of these men. I feel like they're my children. Many of them are much older. But yet, I feel like they're my children. For by inspiration they saw what God could do, and the possibilities, and in there they won souls and souls to God everywhere. And only eternity will reveal the great results. Many people by hearing the Word believe.

**8** Now the way that I have faith in God, is first by His Word. And if any vision, or any person, would speak anything that was contrary to the Word, then don't hear it. This is the fundamental foundation of all God has said to His church. And every person's faith must be built sovereignly upon the Bible. That's right. Now God winks at our ignorance sometime, the things that we do that's not just exactly right, He gets glory out of it just the same. So, just keep still, let God go ahead, He will take care of the rest of it. But in there... Now that is the Word to the nations, to the people, to everybody. That's right. But then if God has set in the church a divine gift, that gift is a direct word through God to the individual, something personal. If I could have a revival here for three or four months, and every night tell experiences all night long of what I've seen taking place, I wouldn't touch the edge of it. Of how that people who's been through prayer lines and so forth, and then come back. And how God would reveal to them and tell them just exactly the thing they should have done back a long time ago, or something they ought to have done, or did not do, or something. And in that, found the way to divine healing.

**9** Now if there's something hanging over you, of sin, and you don't confess that, you could anoint that person, pray for them, do everything you want to do, Satan will stay right there as long as you've got unconfessed sin in your life. Or sometimes something that you haven't done, something you neglect to do. And in there God reveals it, if there's anything wrong. Then you make that right, your healing is complete. Quickly, for a testimony, as I can hardly see the clock up there, to see what time we have. All right. Sometime ago, like on the testimony that's written here, you read it in the book back there. I just wish to touch the high places of it just for a moment. For by the word of testimony, and the Blood of the Lamb, we overcome. And a testimony means something to people. And I say to my brothers and sisters, the citizens of Kentucky here, and the neighboring states. God in Heaven, Who has performed right in our own meetings, testimonies that would make boxes of testimonies. And anyone you read in any book or any literature that's been published by us, they are bonafide testimonies backed up by doctors and law, or it'd be illegal to publish them. I'm very careful on what I do towards the Kingdom of God because I realize that one mistake would bring more reproach than you could wipe out in a year.

**10** So as Christians we must be reverent, we must be honest and everything up and above board. So everyone can examine and look in and see that Christ is the virgin born Son of God and His words are perfectly and absolutely true. I was on my road to see Brother Bosworth in Miami, Florida, for my first time. I was passing down through Kentucky, and Tennessee here on a train. I saw a vision of a little boy, he'd been killed in an accident. Seen where he was laying. Just like this I have written here. Comes, many, many, times and tells things. And I don't live far from here, a hundred and nineteen miles. You can go to my home town and find it. One time, in all the times that it's ever told anything, that didn't come to pass just exactly the way it said, well now, you pin a sign on my back as a false prophet and I'll walk through your streets. because it's not myself, I'm a man, but He's God. And He's the One who does the saying. If I would say it, it could be a lie, because I'm subject to any mistakes, lies, anything else, like anybody else.

**11** But when He says it, it's not me talking, it's Him. And when He speaks I will stand by His Word. And I know that it's true. It never fails. Watch It on the platform. Many times It'll tell the people just what's wrong with them. I'll pray for the person. But when you hear it speak out of, "Thus saith the Lord," you watch what it says, just lay your life right there because it'll be just that way. Some times I see death at the person's door. In Africa, on one of the programs there was a lady came, big healthy looking woman, and It told her prepare for death. She only had a cyst on the ovary. I picked it up on a tape recording. Said, "Prepare for death, for it's near at the door." And in ten minutes from then, the woman was a corpse. If I'd been a healer, I'd have healed her. But I'm not the healer, I can only say what He tells me to say. That's all I know to do. It's all I can do. Why God took her, I don't know, He never told me, He just took her. I seen her funeral procession being in procession. And I knew then that she was going.

**12** Now many times it turns dark around the patient. I know death's laying there. And I just say, "The Lord bless you." Or, "I pray that God will heal you." And send them on off the platform. For I don't know what it will be, because some times God could pronounce death on a person, and then their prayer could change the thing. Do you believe that? It did for Hezekiah, didn't it? When God told the prophet, "Go tell him he's going to die, and not come off his bed." He turned his face to the wall and wept bitterly. And God spared his life fifteen years after death had been pronounced by God. Prayer is the most powerful weapon was ever put in the hand of mankind. "The prayer faith shall save the sick."

```
2 Kings 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

2 Kings 20:2 Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,

Isaiah 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

Isaiah 38:2 Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**13** On the road down I told Brother Bosworth, and many of them, we was in a big tent meeting. A little boy was down there holding a tent meeting and sent for me to come down and help him. He was in an awful strain. I went down to give him two or three days. And while we were there, I made that statement, I said, "There's going to be a little boy, he's laying in the country where there's a lot of evergreens, and there's lapped over rock. And the little boy will be about eight years old. Very, dressed like I dressed when I was a little boy, little short clothes up here, and a little waist that buttoned around." I said, "Great big long stockings that come up. And his little foot was run through the sock like that, and he was all mashed up by an automobile. He had brown crock-cut hair, we call it, and big brown eyes. They were set. His little mouth was twisted over and he was about eight years old." They wrote it down. I said, "Put it on the flyleaf of your Bible." Like I'm telling you put this on the flyleaf of your Bible. I said, "See if that doesn't happen."

**14** A few days after that, Brother Bosworth, they taken me up there to a little boy had been drowned in a irrigation ditch. And the little boy's father, there was several thousand people attending the meeting, and they taken me up there. They wouldn't let the undertaker take the little fellow until I looked at him. But he was about five years old, well-dressed, black-headed, he wasn't the child at all. So I offered prayer for consolation for the father and mother, that God would help them, and the little boy was buried. Two years later I was in Finland, I just come from... Went over, King George had sent me two cablegrams. I have them at my home, with his seal and so forth, his letters. To pray for him for this Mr. Leeman had been healed of multiple sclerosis out of Fort Wayne.

**15** While on the testimony, Brother Bosworth, I don't know whether I've ever said this, the night the picture was taken down there, of the Angel of the Lord, Brother Bosworth, two days afterwards brought me a picture of Florence Nightingale. Her grandmother founded the Red Cross in England. Many of you have heard of Florence Nightingale, the mother of the Red Cross. She was in Durban, South Africa, which South Africa is British controlled, and the woman weighed approximately sixty pounds, with cancer on the duodenum, cancer of the stomach. And she sent for me to come pray for her. I had two airplane tickets then. Well, I couldn't go. Brother Bosworth brought me the picture and the telegram, and I laid it on the floor and we prayed, and I said, "Lord, if You'll heal her, I will go to Africa."

**16** And I just made the prayer, went home, forgot about it. When I went in to London, the day that we arrived on the International Airport in London, on our road to the Scandinavian country and to pray for the king ... I heard them page me. And Mr. Baxter, Mr. Lindsay, many of these men that you people know, was with me. And they went in and it was the Anglican minister, they'd brought Miss Florence Nightingale from South Africa, how she knowed, less it was through the crown, I couldn't know yet. But she knew we was going to land there that day. And she come in about fifteen minutes before we did, and I couldn't even get the woman ... they couldn't get the woman out of the plane, they thought she was dead then. I said, "Well, there's thousands of people between here and the plane. I couldn't get to it. I'm going down to Buckingham Palace, then to Westminster Abbey, and then I will be at the Picadilly Hotel, you come get me, we'll go have prayer for her."

**17** And when we got up there, of course, the night passed on and I didn't get in till late. Next morning we come and we went to have prayer for Miss Nightingale, they said, "She's just living." Christian friends, if I live to be an old man, I'll never forget the experience that was. In London, it was in April, very damp, fog everywhere. We went upstairs to the place where they packed the stretcher, near the parsonage of a big Anglican church. And in the room sat her doctor, two nurses, two or three ministers, when the campaign managers and myself walked in. And I walked over, they had a white sheet laying over her. And I said, "How do you do." And they all got up. And I said, "Is this the patient?" And I said, "How do you do? Are you Miss Nightingale?"

**18** I could see her lips moving, but friends, it looked like a corpse laying there, or skeleton. The part where your head goes together there's no flesh on her, just the skin down against the bone. And I said, "How do you do?" I reached out my hand to shake hands with her. The nurse said, "Brother Branham, she couldn't raise her hand." Well, she was crying, and she... The nurse got down to hear what she was saying, then she told me, she said, "She wants you to ask God to let her die." She couldn't die. And said, "Rev. Branham, she's prayed and said if ever she could get to where you was, that God would heal her."

**19** Now that's faith. How could I ask God to let the woman die? Now here's her testimony in the book. I couldn't do that. So she wanted me to see her body, the nurse said. And when they pulled the sheet down off of her body... Friends, we are mixed audience, you listen to your doctor, I'm your brother. It was a disgrace to look to see how a woman could be in that... The bosom here, had sunk to her ribs and her stomach was just about that flat. And the rings was almost meeting in the ring of her hip here, the flesh. And her limbs up here wasn't but about that big around. Now Miss Georgie Carter, which will be here tomorrow, or next day, one, from over here at Milltown, laid nine years and six months in the bed with TB, which was healed, vision. I didn't even know where the place was, and Lord sent me down there and she was healed. She was a little bitty woman, she weighed only about thirty-five pounds. But this woman was a woman almost six foot tall. And there she laid, couldn't move her hands or nothing.

**20** They picked up her hands because she wanted to shake my hand. When I took a hold of her hand, it was just like that, hard. I thought, "O God, a mortal being, laying in that shape." So I said, "Can we pray?" And all the ministers gathered. I looked at the doctor, and I said... Said, "Not a thing, Brother Branham, can be done. The malignancy has gone plumb all over her." Said, "She hasn't eaten for," I forget how many months, and they give her glucose in her veins till they collapsed, and they couldn't even give her veins. Said, "We don't know how she's living, how she breathes."

**21** And I knelt down, great God of Heaven, who stands ... we stand in His presence tonight, His Word laying before me. There's a window about that high, it was up, kind of warm in the room, and I knelt to pray and I started the prayer of, "Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, and Author of everlasting Life," I said, "send Thy blessing into this room for this poor mortal." And when I started to pray, a little dove come flying through the bushes and lit on the windowsill about that far from where I was praying. Well, I ... not knew a thing, when I'd only been there about twelve hours, or a little more. I thought the little dove was just a pet, you know, that was around the house. And I just continued to pray. And when I got finished praying and asked God to help her, I couldn't ask to let her die, and that He would be merciful to her. And when I... All the time I was praying, this little dove, very restless, walking up and down going, "Coo, coo, coo, coo, coo, coo." You know how little doves kind of mournfully goes, walking back and forth on the window about as wide as this little table.

**22** About ten people were present to watch it. And I noticed all the ministers stopped praying, every one. When I said, "Amen," the little fellow took his flight back out to the bushes. Well, I raised up, and of course, was weeping a little, all of us. And the ministers begin to say, "Did you notice that dove?" And I started to ask if it was just a pet dove. And I had no more that I could say and knowed no more what I was going to say, but all of a sudden, something burst through and said, "Thus saith the Lord, she will live and not die." She weighs a hundred and fifty-five pounds now, in perfect health. That opened the way to Africa and started the revival.

**23** In Finland, we was coming down off the mountain that day, I'd been fasting for several days. [A brother says, "Just a few weeks ago I saw a letter from that woman, she is well and helping, working hard for other folks."] Miss Florence Nightingale. Less than six months, she was well, gained her weight. I've got her picture, it's in the book. Oh, we haven't got any of those books, I'm sorry, it's called: A Prophet Visits Africa. They're out of print now, we sold several thousand of them and we just got our finance to go overseas and we haven't got the finance to put more books out, that's the reason we haven't got them. But we got the other book back here of the story of this little boy.

**24** And now friends, these are not mythical stories, their addresses everything, and who you can contact and royalty, and everything, doctors and so forth, to see if it's truth. If you would doubt it you're welcome to write to the people. Coming down off the mountain, I said to Brother Lindsay, and to Brother Moore, and many of them, I said, "Seems to me something is fixing to happen." Said, "What is it, Brother Branham?" I said, "I don't know." And in the meeting that way that's the reason ... I don't want to be an isolationist, stay away from the people. But when that anointing once strikes, it isn't ... Just looks like It's near all the time. There's something, it's another world, like two worlds, you break over into this world and this world, and you stay in it too long, you hardly know just... Now when leaving the platform, when it comes on, I feel like, oh, I was up in the heavens. But when it's off of me, I feel good. But in-between those times, it seems like you're just stepping off the world. You can't walk, and you hear... I don't know how you do see. No need of me trying to explain it, you can't explain God, you've got to believe God. You can't explain it, it's by faith.

**25** So coming down the highway, in Finland, a used foreign car, about five years old, would probably cost two thousand dollars or more. Gasoline is over a dollar a gallon. So you can imagine, very few cars. We had twenty-five thousand at the Messuhalli, and I think there was three cars setting outside. They walk or ride bicycles or best way they can get there. And so when I was coming down out of Kuopio, we went up over the Iron Curtain, and coming down through Kuopio, just before we get into the city where we was to have the meeting... Well, we'd been one night already in there, or two nights, and they just taken me up to this tower where the Germans and Russians come over and bombed Finland out.

**26** Well, coming down the road I noticed a great crowd of people. And an American-made thirty-five model Ford had two little boys coming home from school. The people live in the city, have their farms out, and they come back in the city. Had struck two little boys, hit one under the chin, they started, one one way and one the other. They grabbed each other's hands and the car driver lost control, and it hit one and threw him against the tree and broke his little neck in there. And the other one, it run over him, mashed him under the wheels and kicked him way up in the air and threw his coat off of him, and he fell on the grass collapsed. The doctor had been there and pronounced him dead. The other little boy they thought was still alive and another car had picked him up and took him on to the hospital, such as it was.

**27** And we come up. Well, Sister Isaacson, Brother Lindsay, Brother Jack Moore, many of you know those men, and editor of: The Voice of Healing, and all them was right along to watch it. And they went over and looked at the little boy, I set in the car. Because I've got a little boy here myself, Billy Paul, was over home and it'd been months since I'd seen him, and I didn't want to look at a little dead boy at that time. So they said, Brother Lindsay come back, weeping like a baby, said, "Brother Branham, you ought to see it." And I said, "I don't want to see it." So finally, Something told me, "Go look at the boy." And I went over to take a look at the little fellow and I looked at him, I thought, "Oh, mercy," I turned my head and started walk away. They had the coat over the baby and he couldn't move. There is a law in Finland that parents had to come there first and give orders to move the baby. And they went to the country, and I was thinking, "How that father and mother is going to feel now when they come in and that little boy laying there dead. Come from their field from working."

**28** And everybody works in Finland, the women wear great big thick dresses, big boots, and everything. They don't have nice dainty clothes that we Americans have. They all... Happen to be this suit come from Finland, you can see how thick and heavy it is, that's summer, winter and all. And so when we come down, I started to walk back, and as I walked away from the little boy, I felt Somebody put their hand on my shoulder, I looked around, I thought it was Brother Moore, or some of them. And there was nobody around me. And the hand was still laying on my shoulder. Why, I wondered how that was. Well, I happened to think that might ... I walked back towards the little boy, when I started back towards the little boy, I was going away from him, when I started back, the hand went off of my shoulder. And I said, "Could I look at that little boy again?" And Miss Isaacson asked the man who was given the guardian, the officer. And he pulled the coat back, and I looked at that little boy, and I seen that little foot run through the sock. Those little waists, panty waists we call them, you know here. I seen the little brown hair, crock cut like. I looked up, and here come a ridge running down like that of lapped rock with evergreen trees growing around. I said, "Thank You, Lord." Oh, you'll never know how you feel. There it was. I said, "Brother Moore, come here. Brother Lindsay." Said, "What's the matter?"

**29** I said, "Turn to the flyleaf in your Bible and look at that little boy." See, just like this is written right here. I had it written, in, oh, I guess, thousands of Bibles, I was crossing United States and Canada, having people to write it down like I'm having them write this down. And see if it ... watch it come to pass. Brother Moore said, "Let's see. A lapland where rocks are laying, evergreen trees, little socks. Why," said, "Brother Branham, that's the boy!" I said, "That's him. There he lays." Oh, my, when God has spoke it, all devils in hell can't stop it. God has done said so. I turned around, I said, "Now let everyone know."

**30** Now they was just fixing the little boy then to put him in his car. I said, "Let everyone know to keep quiet." And the main man of the city, which was the chief man which was equivalent to the mayor here, of the city. I said, "Now everyone be reverent and just wait a minute." And I knelt down and prayed, and asked God to confirm His Word which He had spoken. And God who is my Judge, in five minutes from then, the little boy jumped up and was running, screaming the top of his voice. Alive.

**31** The other little lad ... I just haven't the time to catch that. I will tomorrow night, on what happened to the other little lad. I remember, one thing I will have time. The second night from that, I seen something sweet happen. I was going into the place, coming down the road for six city blocks, there was about thirty abreast, people standing. In Russia you can't leave your home place where you were born over forty miles, without having a visa. Now when they say, "There's no churches in Russia," that's wrong. They got churches, they got... The communist boycott them and everything, but they still got Christians. What if you killed all the Christians out of America, you'd have no America. Same way in Russia.

**32** But across the line, after that had been noised abroad through there; and I took the seal of the governor there and everything, right on the paper, standing there watching when it happened. And that swept out over the radio. And across from Russia, come those big Russian soldiers, and friends, when they crossed the line and those Finnish ministers standing there, they'd throw their arms around their neck and cry like babies. Anything that will make a Finn put his arm around a Russian and a Russian around a Finn, will settle every war. Jesus Christ is the answer. Yes, sir. They had nothing against one another, they wept and cried and hollered, "You [unclear words] God's peace rest upon you." Russians and Finns with their arms around one another. It'll make American's and Russian's and all the world put their arms around one another. It'll make overalls and a tuxedo suit call one another brother. It'll make silk and calico sit together and say, "Sister!" It'll do it. The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from all sin and straightens all wrongs. Takes all prejudice out, makes new creatures, heals the sick. Amen.

```
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**33** Going down that night and those Russians, and Finns, standing there at attention, the tears running down their cheeks when they passed. Not because it was me, no sir. They had seen God moving. And when I got into the room, there's four little Finnish soldiers, all of them, little boys had never shaved, little bitty fellows, great long coats on, walking down with their big swords out like that, to keep the people from touching you on either side, coming right down the middle of the street, we got it all in pictures, in color.

**34** When I walked into the Messuhalli and started down to the right, they was walking along like that, closed the door. And they were singing already: Only Believe. Brother Baxter and them had been speaking. Twenty-five thousand people had gathered inside, and they were singing Only Believe in Finnish for me. And when I did, the girls' dormitory door opened, the ladies. And out stepped a little Finnish girl. And that poor little thing, I never felt so sorry for her. I love little kids, I just love them, I just... I got two of my own and that's the reason I'm going after them tonight. And I just love them. I used to see them all get in and give me some of that old Finnish money, you know, and I'd get out there and buy their candy, and I'd have a string of kids a block long, following me, like that. Buying all the candy I could find everywhere, 'cause their money wasn't worth nothing here, you know. And they give me some of that money--kroners, and so forth, and I'd just buy those kids some... Little old ragged hungry looking fellows.

**35** And stepping out of there come a little girl, about twelve years old, and she had two crutches under her arm. She had a big thing around her like this, as a brace. And one limb was limp and shorter than the other. She had no control of this leg. And it set in braces, and around her hip. And a big shoe on with a snap in the toe, a strap went back and went over her shoulder and hooked into this brace back here. And when she would start to walk, she'd set the crutches out, then she'd throw her little shoulder like that and that strap would pull that leg up and let it set out, and that brace, you see, leg had no control, but the brace would hold her so she could walk.

**36** I looked at her standing there, little ragged looking hair, little kind of a half brown and blond hair, ragged cut, looked like it'd been chopped off with scissors. I looked her down, one little dress on, perhaps, nothing under it, her little skirt down here was just as ragged as it could be. Later, I learned she was a little Finnish war orphan. Her mother and daddy had been killed during the time of the war. And she looked at me, and they'd give orders not to say nothing to you on the street. And she thought she had done something wrong, that child, and she dropped her little head and stood there on her little crutches, I seen her little blue eyes look up towards me again, I stopped, and the soldiers motioned, I couldn't speak a word to them, they all spoke Finnish.

**37** I told them, "Just a minute." The other two soldiers walked on, they turned and looked back to see what was the matter, and I motioned to them. I looked at the child again, she looked at me. Just something told me that baby wanted to come over there. I looked at the little thing and I motioned to her, "Come here." And she took her little crutches under her arm, and she started, pulled her little shoulder, and she come out. I just stood still. And she come right out to where I was, like that. I watched to see what the child was going to do. And she stood there with her little head down a few minutes, and I watched, dropping on the floor, little tears, dropping out of them little eyes, dropping down like that. I thought, "Poor little thing."

**38** And she reached over and took a hold of my coat, pulled it up in her little hands and rubbed it, and her little hands was dirty, and she kissed my coat. She dropped the coat down, pulled out her little ragged skirt and said, "Kee-tus." That means thank you. Little skirt, very polite, said, "Kee-tus," looked up and them little baby blue eyes with tears running down. Oh, my, something swelling in my heart, I thought, "God bless you, honey." I turned and that soldier trying to motion me on, tried to motion her back. And I looked, I seen going walking right down through the room, her walking without crutches. I knowed it would happen, I knowed God would honor that kind of faith. If I would have been the lowest hypocrite in the world, God would honor that faith in that child. I seen that child going, walking. I said, "Honey, you're healed. Jesus has made..." Of course, she couldn't hear what I was saying. She was crying, you know, and saying, "Kee-tus! Kee-tus." She thought she had done wrong, you know. And they kept pushing me on. And so Brother Baxter come to the door and wanted to come out and find where I was at.

**39** And I went on in. We prayed for several sick, and you'll notice they had crutches and things piled up. They put them in big carts to haul away. And I was just fixing to leave the building, my brethren, a bunch of them had come and got me to take me off the platform. And I was just fixing to leave, when I thought, "I'm going to try a few more." I said, "I'm going to call a few more of those cards." And the Holy Spirit would move out over the audience. They'd have to get an interpreter and tell the people out there, who ... I didn't know their language, tell them where they was at, and what they were doing, what they was suffering with. And the interpreter would have to say it, and my, that just settled it all, they'd just throw down their crutches and canes and start running. And I said, "Call a few more of the cards."

**40** And when they did, by God's providence, the next one was that little girl. She had the next card number. And here she come, she was just smiling, you know, one little tooth out in front, and she was smiling, you know, trying to get to me. I said to the interpreter, I said, "Just say what I say." She said, "All right, Brother Branham." I said, "You're going to see something has all ready took place." I said, "Sweetheart, you're the little girl that met me out there awhile ago." She nodded her little head as the interpreter spoke. And I said, "Your respect to Jesus Christ, you approached in the right manner." That's a lot of times the way we Americans don't get anything, we don't come to God reverent enough. Don't you think so? We just know more about it, and so. God lives in humility and simplicity.

**41** So I said, "God rewarded you, honey, He healed you out there. Now I want you to go over here and sit down and get some of the men to unbuckle these braces and things from around you, and let your little hand set on your hip, and just as they bring the brace off, let your little hand slide down your leg just as far as your leg is short." And I said, "Now, you do that over here, then show me." And then I called the next one. And the Holy Spirit was showing in a vision, while the vision was going on, I heard her scream, here she come across the floor with her crutches in her hands and the braces over her head, screaming to the top of her voice, right up the steps she went, right down and across, up the other way. Little bare-feet just a running hard as she could go. And she's perfectly normal and well because her respect and love to Jesus Christ brought His blessings down upon her.

**42** My dear Christian friends, tonight, Jesus Christ is the same in Owensboro, Kentucky, as He was in Kuopio, Finland. Won't you approach Him tonight? The Son of God, with sovereign love. Say, "Lord Jesus, I believe You, and I'm in need and I'm accepting You now as my healer." God will grant it to you. Won't you do it while we have a word of prayer. Our Heavenly Father, we come to Thee in the name of Thy holy Son, Jesus, for we know that we have no name or nothing we could approach You in. But He has told us that whatever we ask You in His name, that You would do it. In my heart, tonight, thinking back across, about four years ago when this instance happened there in Finland, maybe, way across those icy lands tonight, that little Finnish girl may be sitting by a fire, looking at that leg that was once limp, but the Holy Spirit energized it with God's power, and now she's normal. Poor little thing, mother and father resting under the ice somewhere, their bodies. I trust their souls are with Thee.

**43** I tell it, for Your glory, as the woman who busted the alabaster box and said, "Wherever the Gospel is preached this be told for a memorial." Many poor little Kentucky children are sitting here tonight, little old mothers, and dad's, brothers, and sisters, who's needy. Maybe we haven't walked just the way we should, Father, but we're asking You now to forgive us. Take away the evil from our life. We want to come to Your house someday and be welcome at the door. If there's anything wrong with us, Father, forgive us, will You? Grant tonight that many will be healed, saved, maybe unbelievers just now, say within his or her heart, "I now accept Jesus as my Saviour. From this night on, I'm going to serve Him with all my heart." May the sick man, or woman say, "I'm accepting Him as my healer." May they be healed the rest of their life.

**44** And now Lord, You who sent an Angel at the birth of Your unprofitable servant, that's guided me through life and brought me thus far. I pray that You'll send Him, tonight in a special way here at the platform and may He do the work that You've ordained Him to do Lord, and may Your servant be submissive to His voice and to His will. Show great powerful visions and get glory Father. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. Billy, how many cards did you give out? Hundred? What ... R's? It's just impossible for us to get everyone here at the platform, friends. You don't know how I would like to take every sick person here tonight, just sit down and talk an hour with you, pray with you. I can't do that. I just can't do it. Time won't permit it. But I just have to... We give out everybody a prayer card that wants it, then we just call some of them up here and pray with them. Just the Holy Spirit gets moving, then It goes right on out through the audience. So it's a blessing to people out there and healing them. I want you to believe.

**45** Now let's begin tonight in our prayer cards and call up a few, ten, fifteen, twenty, something. Maybe we get to five or six or them, maybe to all of them. But what I do that for, is so I can single out. Do you realize that every person in here is a spirit? And that spirit moves, and in that conglomeration until it just takes me to a place to where I can get started to seeing the vision, I have to have someone here on the platform to talk to. I don't know why, but that's just the way He does it. You say, "Brother Branham, that's psychology." Well, Jesus took a man and led him outside the city, is that right? And Peter, James, and John, stayed with Him when the girl was dead, Jairus' daughter, and they were all in doubt and they said, oh, He said, "She's asleep." They said, "What, we know she's dead." They laughed at Him. And he put everybody out. Is that right? When Peter went to raise Dorcas, all the widows was weeping and everything, He put them every one out of the house. You got to get alone.

```
Mark 5:39 And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Mark 8:23 And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.

Acts 9:36 Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.

Acts 9:37 And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.

Acts 9:38 And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.

Acts 9:39 Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

Acts 9:40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

```
**46** Let's see, night before last, this is the third night, I guess, we started at one, and then last night at the last, let's start in the middle tonight, about 50. Prayer card R-50. You look at it, set your name and address on one side, on the other side it's got a letter and a number, R-50, who has prayer card R-50 raise your hand. R-51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60. Get them lined up over here, will you, on the right. Check this man here. Now look around and see somebody, 60? How many is that? That's 50 to 60, that's ten. We've been having fifteen, let's try fifteen again tonight. Up to 65. R-60, to 65. Now we see where we're standing.

**47** Now if anybody is unable to get up, let them tell somebody so they can help them, and pack them up. Or someone's deaf and can't hear, let the people look at their neighbor's, as soon as, we find out whether they're all here. I'm going to ask you as my friend, and a friend to the Lord Jesus, that you'll try to be just as reverent as you can for the next few minutes. Now there's no one in the world believes in a heart felt salvation more than I do, I believe in rejoicing, and being happy, and shouting, and praising God, I believe in all that. But when we come to Him, let's come reverently. And then when... And be reverent. And then when God heals you, then just take your liberty and thank Him, or do whatever you want to. As long as it's in order, why, it'll be all right. And we just expect a good time for the glory of God.

**48** Now while they're lining up, let me ask you something just a little bit. What if Jesus was standing here tonight? Standing on the platform. "Well," you say, "Brother Branham, He'd come down and heal this one, and heal that one." Would He? He can't do what He has already done. He would only say to you, "Why, I healed you when I died with stripes on My back for your healing at Calvary. Believest thou this?" You'd say, "Yes, Lord, I believe it." He'd say, "Then according to your faith, be it unto you." Now how many knows this? That Jesus never did heal anybody, Himself. Did you know that? Let me tell you. He said, "It's not Me that doeth the work, it's My Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the work." Is that right? Not Me.

```
John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**49** And watch when the Jews questioned Him. When He went through all that big pool of people there that was lame, blind, halt, and withered, and all kinds of conditions. And He said to the person, went to a man laying on a pallet. Just look, Saint John 5, how they was withered. Wouldn't a critic say, "Why didn't You heal all of those?" That's what they say, "If He's a divine healer, let Him heal this. If there is such a thing as divine healing, let Him heal that one." That's what they said to Him. He passed right through all those cripples and things, Immanuel, anointed, the very God of Heaven, represented here in flesh. You believe in the Deity of Christ, all of you, don't you? He was God. He wasn't a man. The people today try to lower Him down to be a prophet. He was either God or the biggest deceiver the world ever had. A prophet's blood wouldn't do you no good. A prophet's a man. But Jesus was God. The Bible said, "That God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself." Is that right?

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**50** Watch Jesus here when they questioned Him about all these things, and the man packing his bed and so forth, that had been healed. He said, now listen, Saint John 5:19: Verily, verily, (that's absolutely, absolutely,) I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in himself, but what he sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise. For the Father showeth the Son all things that himself doeth: ... The Father worketh ... and I worketh hitherto. Is that right? Saint John 5:19 and 20. Now Jesus is truthful. In other words, He said He could do nothing at all, until the Father showed Him by a vision first, what to do. All that believes that Scripture raise up your hand. Saint John 5:19. That's exactly right. Then Jesus did not do one thing until the Father showed Him first in a vision, what to do.

```
John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 5:20 For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.

```
**51** He showed Him where Philip had been under a tree praying before Nathanael found him. Is that right? Remember that? He showed the woman at the well, where she had five husbands. Is that right? But the woman who touched the hem of His garment, He didn't heal her, He said, "Thy faith has made thee whole." Look, one time two blind men followed Him. They were blind, said, "Have mercy on us, Thou Son of David, have mercy." He went on into the room, never paid any attention to them, He had had no vision about them. So He went into the room. And while in the room, they brought the blind man. He touched their eyes, saying, "According to your faith, be it unto you." And their eyes were opened. Is that right?

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Matthew 9:27 And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

Matthew 9:28 And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

Matthew 9:30 And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

```
**52** Now tonight if you have faith in Christ, according to your faith, just touch His garment. Watch what happens. Your eyes come open, if you believe it, see. Have faith in God. Now, the things, what did He say? "A little while and the world seeth Me no more." "Cosmos," world order, people. "The world seeth Me no more; yet ye shall see Me," the church, "for I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Is that right? Hebrews 13:8 "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever." Then if He's risen from the dead, living among men, in His church, He'll do the same things that He did back there, He'll do it here tonight. If that's so, and He produces that tonight, then you have no right to doubt anymore, and believe Him. Is that right?

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**53** Now if He was standing here, He could tell you what was wrong with you, tell you what you've done to cause it, or whatever the Father would show Him, He'd tell you. Otherwise, He could do nothing. And if He can do the same thing in His church tonight. Is all of them there? Everybody lined up? All right, bring them. Now as the people come, I want reverence. Now real slowly, let's hum this song once more, just a little verse of it now if you will. Only believe, only believe, (Everybody now.) All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe.

**54** Father, we thank Thee and come into Thy presence now, send the Angel of God. Remember Daniel praying, it was several days before the Angel had directed him, could get to him. And remember Paul praying out in the ship that night when all hopes of ever being saved was gone. And he come forth and said, "Wherefore sirs, be of a good cheer. The Angel of God whose servant I am, stood by me and told me not to fear," he said, "wherefore sirs, I believe God, it'll be just as it was showed to me." And now Lord, help me for these poor sick people that's sitting in this auditorium tonight, that they may be healed. Send His great presence and anoint Your servant for the glory of God, that the people might know that Thou art God and I am Your servant. I ask it in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

```
Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**55** Everybody just reverent as you can be. How do you do, sir. He has arrived after all. You believe that He's here to make you well? You know there's not a way in the world for me to know anything of you. You are a man, I'm a man, we just come together. But you're spiritually and dangerously in need. Your trouble's in the rectum. You have a growth there, fixing to operate, malignant. You come from Oklahoma. [A man speaks to Brother Branham.] There's only one hope for you, God to be merciful to you. Do you believe that God will help you? Come here. Our Heavenly Father, we ask for divine mercy, that Thou will bless this man and will help him. He longs to live, Lord. He's traveled far. The doctors, Your servants, are doing all that they know how to do to help him. And I pray for mercy. And now Father, this demon called cancer, that's taking his life, I ask You for your glory to rebuke this horrible thing and may it leave his body. And thou demon called cancer, I adjure thee by the Son of God, who I represent here at this pulpit tonight, that you come out of the man and leave him. All right, brother, you believe now that God will let you get well? All right, I want you to give us a testimony, or write to us, and let us know. Will you? God bless you, let's hear from you now before you leave.

**56** Now a growth, just before [unclear words] . Do you know what a cancer is? In Bible times, it's a devil. There's one time where you wasn't nothing, but did you know you originated from one germ? And begin to multiply cells. And your life behind that one cell was life. And a cancer is a life, and it come on you--another life that doesn't belong, and it's multiplying cells, too. And now it's a devil, the Bible declares it to be so. And divine healing, only thing it does, it just makes the life of the thing leave and the growth goes away. How do you do, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? I suppose we're strangers. Perhaps we've never met in life, all my life I've never seen you, I suppose we're strangers. Do you believe that God in His love and mercy has sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to make you well? And I only represent Him by this Word. Do you believe that? And you are a Christian. And you're believing tonight that God will help you if this church, with myself, will pray for you. You believe that?

**57** Now the only thing that I could do as His servant, will might be able to know something in you life if He would reveal it to me, that would help you to have faith. That's what you lack. Because Christ, when He died at Calvary, He paid for your sickness. Is that right? You can't notice it in your face, but you have a cataract bedded in your eye. Is that right? Back where you can't see it. Besides that you have something in your side, that's a growth. Is that right? Cause you to be extremely nervous. Which is, what they call fatty tumor. Do you believe God will heal you? Come here just a moment. Don't doubt, now, have faith. Mother, I have a mother at home tonight, perhaps, about your age. If anybody was going to pray for her, she was in your fix, I'd want to be really sincere. I'll be just as sincere as I can be to ask God. And the people will, also.

**58** Well, now, if that is the truth, whatever was told you, if that is the truth, then there's some supernatural way here that's knowing about... All right.. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, I ask for divine mercy for our sister. And I pray that Your mercies will be upon her. That she will be healed, grant it, Lord. May Thy Spirit move all this power of Satan that's upon her and make her well. I rebuke the evil things of her body, according to Thy Word, in the name of Thy Son, Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister. May it be gone from you. You believe it is gone? God bless you. Now that feeling, that was the life of that growth, it went from you, that cool sensation. You knew that. That's when it... Now, if you'll just keep believing, then you'll not be bothered with it anymore. God bless you. And may you... Let us hear from you. Now be in faith. Be believing. Don't doubt.

**59** Now every person in this building, at this time, should have faith in God. How many out there would like to be healed that doesn't have prayer cards, or nothing, say, "God be merciful to me, I want to be healed." Raise your hands, anywhere. Just so I could see where you're hands are. Now that's ninety percent of the audience out there, are without cards. Not to come up here, but I challenge you this way. As God's servant, if you'll look this way and pray and say, "God, I believe what the man said is the truth." God will reward you for that and will make you well. I'm only trying to represent the Lord Jesus Christ. How do you do, lady? Excuse me, I was watching something taking place over there and I was...

**60** You won't have to pray any more little white-headed lady sitting there with sinus, sitting right back there, if you just have faith now. That's what I was watching, lady. The Angel of the Lord was standing by you there. You're conscious of that, you were praying. Wasn't that right? Now God has made you well. Go and rejoice and be happy. Perhaps, maybe you and I will talk just awhile. We're strangers, are we? I don't know nothing about you, never seen you, we're total perfect strangers. Never seen you. But God knows you. He's fed you all the days of your life, all that you ever had, He gave to you, now have faith.

**61** You're a mother, aren't you? You believe me to be God's prophet? I believe that. You're a Christian, too. You have three children. And you suffer with a tumor, a thyroid tumor. Several doctors has examined you. Is that right? Is that the truth? They give you up, said if you didn't have an operation right away, you was going to die. You drove here in a car, didn't you? You come from Maysville, Kentucky. Isn't your name Drake? I seen the doctor when he pulled it out of that sheet, out of there and looked at it. And isn't your first name Mabel, or something like that? Isn't that right? Is that true, if it is raise up your hand. I never seen you in my life, but I seen that heavy-set doctor was working with you, pulling your card out of the file, just then look at it. Go on on your way and rejoice, may God make you well. Let's say, "Thanks be to our Lord Jesus Christ." Believe now, don't doubt. Every person ought to believe now. Just have faith in God.

**62** God bless you, and may the Lord Jesus grant this blessing. You are a woman which has had an operation. And the operation has been on the gall bladder and it won't heal. Is that right? If it is raise your hand. I wasn't reading your mind, it's a vision, it was showed right here. I seen the operation performed when they went in and took the gall bladder. Our Heavenly Father, bless our sister, and may she go from here, tonight and be perfectly whole. I ask this blessing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. It'll heal now, don't worry. If He knows what was, He surely knows what will be. Is that right? You're going to get well, so don't worry. God bless you. Have faith in God. Everyone should believe.

**63** You've been suffering with a extreme nervousness sitting there, the little lady with the black coat on, haven't you, lady? Is that right? You just get so nervous you can't hardly hold yourself together. And that's especially in the evening when the sun is setting, you get real nervous. Isn't that right? If it is hold your hand. The other day when you were looking out the window, that real gloomy feeling come over you. Isn't that the truth? Stand up, Jesus Christ has made you well now. You can go home and be well. God bless you, your faith has made you whole. Have faith in God.

**64** This little lady sitting on the end with a scarf around her neck, suffers with a heart trouble too, if she could just want to, she could be made well, if she'd just have faith and believe. Lay your hand over on her, dad, there and put your hand... Man there with the yellow trousers on, put your hand over on the lady there, while we have prayer. Our Father, we pray that You'll make her completely whole. May Thy Spirit help her. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. All right, bring the lady. I see the Angel of the Lord standing right here, a circle of fire, little pillar, I see It standing right here, there's something in It. It's coming, it's a man. He has a rupture. There's the man right there, striking his head. Is that right, sir? You want to be made well of it? I seen a gray-headed man with glasses on. Stand up to your feet and accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and be made well. May the Lord grant your healing to you, my brother. Have faith in God.

**65** Lady, we're strangers. I don't know you, do I? At Vandalia, Illinois you saw me. That's been several years ago. Remember the big campaign there? Remember the deaf and dumb boy who couldn't speak and hear was a shoe cobbler, or something or other, down there? And the next day they had the big spread in the paper about it. Made ... [A lady speaks to Brother Branham.] Yes, ma'am. I had a letter from him here not long ago. Perfectly normal yet. You'd like to get over that stomach trouble, wouldn't you? Arthritis, also. Isn't that true? You're a nervous person, you're always upset which has caused a peptic ulcer, which causes acid in your mouth and things. Isn't that true? If that's the truth raise your hand. Now what if I tell you that Jesus Christ has healed you. Will you believe it? Well, He has. Go rejoicing, and be thankful to God, be made well. Have faith, don't doubt. Believe God. It's your simple childlike faith that does the healing. I didn't heal the woman. Her faith rose up to a place where she could be healed. Just believe Him, that's all you have to do.

**66** I pray, and there I seen Him come that way again. You dear Christian friends, it's a light, and I watch the light when it goes out. Then the light stands there, and then it just materializes and I see what's taking place, that's how I call that, I see the person. And it's God answering your prayer. Don't be suspicious, that's what the Bible said. Did Jesus Christ perceive their thoughts? Is that right? Well, if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, have faith in Him, believe Him, God will bring it to pass.

**67** All right, come, sir. What do you think about this? [A man says, "I believe it."] With all your heart? You believe that God'll heal that diabetes right now? ["Yes, sir."] You do? ["Yes, sir."] Well, God bless you. Go on your road and you won't have to have one more thing to be done about it. God be with you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God," friends. Bring him to me. Had a funny feeling when I said diabetes about him, didn't you? Same thing, just keep on walking, thanking God, it'll leave you. God bless you, sister, just go. God grant this woman's healing, I pray, Father that she'll go out of this building tonight a solid, well woman for Your glory. In Jesus' name. What you wanted me to do. God bless you. All right, come, lady. Isn't He wonderful? Who could doubt God? Someone challenge the Bible, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, to day, and forever."

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**68** How do you do, sister. There's just about eighty percent of that congregation got your trouble. You want me to show you? How many in this building suffers with nervous trouble? Just a nervous condition, raise up your hands. All around, everywhere, see. You everyone can be healed right now. Almighty God, be merciful, seeing this dreary, weary, spirit hanging around this woman, and know that it would take her and put her in the insane institution, make her butt her head against the walls until she dies, if he could do it. But God, we come now believing, and know that he got lots of support here tonight. And Father, we believe that You are all the support we need. And now in the name of Jesus Christ, may this nervous demon leave this woman and every person in here. In the name of Jesus Christ, come out from those people. God bless you. Look, it's been on you quite a while. Started in the menopause. You're about over it now and you're going to be all right. Go on rejoicing, thank God. You felt you had many things wrong, but that's the main trouble.

**69** Oh, how God could settle over this little audience right now and just sweep everybody out of here. You're crying, sir, I know what's wrong with you. I know you got an injured back. Is that right? But I'm waiting for Him to heal you. Anybody... I see the man's laying there cripple, anybody knows it. But you had an injury, it's hurt your back in there, and it's injured your back. I seen the vision four or five times over you, but you're afraid you can't get well. Yes, you can. Stop thinking that. When He tells me, I tell you. But I can't tell it till you tell... I've been watching you. I seen you sitting there awhile ago, I seen your injury, seen what happened. But I can't say it until He tells me. Just let your faith rise on up. I believe you're going to be all right. Just have faith in God. God will grant it. Now you got that spirit stirred, right there now.

**70** Everybody reverent. Just as reverent as you can be, and be in prayer. There's a line of dark chain coming from that man to that audience. May God... Yes, it is. It's moving down on a woman. You're sitting right back in here, got a back injury, a bone injured in her back. Isn't that right, lady, sitting right back there? You was sitting there praying? You got a back injury too, in your back, haven't you? You looked up at me there... No, the lady back there, there's a chain running to you, too. Is that right? God be with you. God bless you both, and heal you. That boy sitting right out there at the end of the row, he has something wrong with his back, too. Is that right, sir? Don't you have a stomach trouble, also, isn't that woman your neighbor? I see you looking across, to one another talking, from a fence. Is that right? God bless you both, you're healed right there. God Almighty has set [unclear words] . Amen. Come, mister. God bless you, son. You want to get over that stomach trouble? Well, go on and eat, and God bless you.

**71** That man sitting right behind that boy, is that boy's daddy. I see them go together at the same house? Isn't that right, sir? And you're sick and got a bladder trouble, is that right? Isn't that his mother sitting next to him there? You're all in one same place. And that woman has got a rupture and a heart trouble. Is that right? Lay your hands over on one another and be made well. In the name of Jesus Christ. Why did He say to heal the sick? If you'll have faith to believe. Come, sir. Oh, my! Diabetes, heart trouble. You want to get well? Raise up your hand, say, "Thank You, Lord, for healing me." And may the Lord Jesus heal you now and make you well. Amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**72** All right, bring the man. Bow your heads. Deaf spirit on the man. Almighty God, raised Jesus Christ from the dead, give us grace and glory and help. Bless this man who I bless in Thy name. And may the spirit of the enemy leave this man, in Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. Satan, come out of him, through Jesus' name. Hear me? Hear me now? Hear me now? You're a minister. Hear me now? Say, "Amen." [The man says, "Amen."] Now raise your head. His deaf, deafness was in this ear. I'm going to say real whisper and you say it out loud. Praise the Lord! ["Praise the Lord."] I love Jesus. ["I love Jesus."] Can you hear it? Get up close to the microphone. Now watch, I'm going to put my finger in this ear, this is the deaf ear. All right. Praise the Lord, ["Praise the Lord."] Jesus saves me. ["Jesus saves me."] You're a minister of the Gospel so you believe that, don't you? God bless you, go on your road rejoicing, you're healed. Amen. Come, sir. I want to tell you something. You were sitting right down there a while ago, wasn't you? That asthmatic condition left you down there so just go on your road rejoicing and praising. All right, come, sir. You want to get over the arthritis, and so forth, as you come? Just go across the platform saying, "Thank You, Jesus, for healing me." Amen. Just believe God.

**73** Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? As you're coming. Would you like to eat again and have a good full dinner to eat like you used to? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? [A lady says, "Yes, sir."] Then I rebuke that stomach trouble in the name of Jesus Christ, that it leaves you. And Satan can't hold where God's standing. Go eat your supper and do whatever you want to, God has made you well. God bless you. All right, come, sir. Do you now believe? Everybody believe? Do you love Him? With all your heart? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Just not for ... I'm just a man, but He's just using this way. I see something sitting in a bottle. It's blood. There's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen bottles of blood. You've had seventeen blood transfusions. [A man says, "That's right."] You're anemic. Is that right? And you come from another country, Arkansas. Is that right? Go home and finish... You got a blood transfusion from Calvary now which will last you. God bless you and make you well. You believe God? Let us stand to our feet just a moment. Everywhere. Let's raise up our hands.

**74** Almighty and all-sufficient Father, who brought Thy Son, Jesus Christ, to this world, and is sitting here for our example. Look at these hands holding up everywhere. I pray, Dear God, with a sincere heart, with all the strength that I have left in my mortal body, with all my heart, and it's written in the Scripture that the "effectual fervent prayer availeth much." And with all my heart I ask You, God, don't let one person leave this building tonight without being healed. If I have found grace in Your sight, and if we have found, all of us, found grace in Your sight, hear our prayers as You said, we're confessing our faults one to the other and praying one for another, that we may be healed. O God, look down through this audience, and my body is getting so weak, I pray Father, with all my heart, that You'll grant the power of Jesus Christ to move over this audience and to serge them just now. And may Your servant, in prayer, rebuke every unclean spirit, and every devil, and every sickness, and every disease. And may this audience rise in the power of God and go forth normally well and healed, in Jesus' name...

```
James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
```
