---
Date: 1953-09-05
Title: Faith without works is dead
DayOfTheWeek: Saturday
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour
Author: William Branham
---

# Faith without works is dead



**1** Remain standing just a moment while we bow our heads for prayer. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee for this challenging faith tonight. Now I believe. This old song has roared out across the world, "All things are possible; only believe." We think of one day coming down off the mount where our Master, coming to the powerless disciples, and someone come with a boy with epilepsy and said, "I brought him to Your disciples, and they couldn't cure him." Said, "Can You do anything for him?" He said, "I can if you will only believe; for all things are possible to them that believe."

```
Mark 9:17 And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;

Mark 9:18 And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.

Mark 9:19 He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.

Mark 9:20 And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.

Mark 9:21 And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.

Mark 9:22 And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**2** O God, help us like that father tonight, and cry out in distress, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." And may this be tonight a great night for the kingdom of God. May we see the exceedingly, abundantly tonight bestowed upon every believer in here, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. You be seated. God's blessings and peace be with each and every one of you. Seldom I get to come into the meeting like this to hear Brother Baxter's stirring messages. And I got in a little early and the boy was standing out there on the side of the street. And we come in, and sat down over there, and I got to hear that. That was a marvelous message: Shamgar with his ox goad slaying the Philistines. You ought to have it way down deep in your hearts now.

```
Judges 3:31 And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.

Mark 9:24 And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.

```
**3** Tomorrow afternoon, the Lord willing, I want to speak here at the tabernacle. You're all invited to come out. I trust that tomorrow afternoon will produce what I'm praying for God to do: to heal every sick person of any type that's in the building, tomorrow afternoon. Now, I don't only tomorrow afternoon, I hope all in here tonight get it, and tomorrow afternoon a new group, or whatever it is that comes in, will receive the same. It's cool now and I think we can have a little message, if the Lord willing. It falls my part tomorrow, if the Lord permits, to speak a little, to preach, and I trust that our Lord will bless us. Then tomorrow night, is another service of the healing campaign. And Monday afternoon, I think ... I don't know how they're working for Monday, but I know Monday afternoon there'll be speaking again; and Monday night, that closes the meeting. We hope you're all here, and God's blessings be upon you all.

**4** Now, I wish to read some out of the Bible, found over in the book of James, and we'll go right straight now. Just ten minutes of time to start the prayer line. I'm sorry last evening that I didn't give out just what I was going to say. Tonight we were going to try to pray for as many people as wanted to be prayed for, and line the people up and pray for them. Dear Christian friends, I haven't one time, since the meeting has been here, seen one person that come to the platform, across here, or was spoken to, but what was healed, see. I haven't seen one yet. Now, that's marvelous. Some of them's deaf, some dumb, some ... well just ... some crippled sitting in chairs, and some on cots and stretchers, and wherever it had.

**5** Now, as I tried to explain it last night, see, God does it, see. He has already done it. You have to accept it. Many of them in dying condition has been healed. Now, the Lord bless you each one is my prayer. Before we start the service, I wonder, my friend, Mr. Osborn, Brother Osborn's in the building. If he is, I'd like for him to come up tonight, if he would, and sit up on the platform with us while we're praying for the sick, when we get ready to start the prayer line. Thank you, Brother Osborn. Brother Osborn is a very dear friend of mine---a fine, young, Christian man that God has used in mighty works everywhere across the country, praying for the sick. He is one boy that I can say, not because he's here on the platform, but one boy that I can say ... (God bless you, Brother Osborn.) I can say there's not one streak of fanaticism in him. He is truly a man of God. He doesn't make any claims of nothing but just... He knows the Bible, and know what God says. And God has endued him with a knowledge of the Bible that ties Satan to where he just can't move, by the Scriptures.

**6** He's one that doesn't even have a prayer line. He just stands there with the Scriptures and explains it in such a way till the people just have to see it. That's all. And listen. That is the initial way of divine healing. You know that? The Word of God will defeat Satan anywhere, any time, on any conditions. Is that right? When Jesus was here on earth, all the great gifts there was in Heaven, He had them right with him. What the Father was, He was; for He was God, the Son, here on earth. God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. You believe that? But when He met Satan, He never used any of those powers. He taken the Father's Word. Satan said, "Now if...?" That question mark over the Word of God again. "If Thou be the Son of God, command these stones to be made bread."

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**7** He said, "It is written man shall not live by bread alone." Right with the Word. Taken Him up, and then he tried to whitewash the Word. Make it some other way. He said, "It is written the angels give charge over Thee and said, "if any time Thou dash Thy foot against a stone bear Thee up." And He said, "And it is also written," see. Right back with the Word of God---tying Satan. And then he taken Him upon the mountain showed Him all the kingdoms of the world: United States and all. Said, "These are all mine, and I will give them to You if You will fall down and worship me." Jesus said, "It is written." Back to the Father's Word again. None of His power. Just using the Word, showing that the weakest of Christian can defeat Satan on "Thus saith the Lord," taking God at His Word. Is that right?

```
Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 4:6 And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Matthew 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Luke 4:5 And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

Luke 4:6 And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

Luke 4:7 If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:9 And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

Luke 4:10 For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:

Luke 4:11 And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

```
**8** So that's Brother Osborn, and he really does a good job of it. I'd recommend him to any pastor, any place. When I was in Africa, anywhere I go, I've always got a good word for Brother Osborn, because he's my brother and a fellow citizen of the kingdom of God. I knew he was in here because I'd ... or, would be here; he was in the city. I wanted him to set by me tonight while I'm going to pray for so many people. And why did I do this? I know the boy knows the challenge of Satan, see, and he knows the challenge of God. So while the sick's coming across the platform, I want Brother Osborn sitting there holding in prayer, so that both of us together, with Brother Boze, many others here who are Christian believers around close; then you feel the assurance that the Holy Spirit is there to do the work.

**9** Usually it's in a line of discernment. I never try to cast out a spirit unless first I realize what I'm doing, because that's a dangerous thing. Did you know that? Very dangerous unless you understand what you're doing. If you'll notice on the platform after the anointing comes, you never hear me challenge a spirit 'less firstly I see where it's God's will to do it. Now, you say, "Is it God's will?" Well, sometime people come to the platform who many times are even not Christians and they want to be healed of diseases, and maybe they have been Christians, and done something in their life, or neglected to do something, and that's the reason they can't get healed. So under that power of discernment, when the prophetic utterance goes forth, it tells you just exactly where your trouble is. Then get that out of the way first, then God's got to heal you.

**10** Here not long ago... If you'll excuse me, would you give me a time for a little testimony, just a little bitty one, if you will? I feel that I wasn't going to say nothing, but this comes on my mind. Just a few months ago, I was having a meeting, and I coming back home and there's a Methodist minister in New Albany, very fine man. It's a city just below us in Indiana, and he has a very fine lively church. He has got what they call the Hour of Power Program, and, oh, it's a marvelous program. And in this program, he gets different ministers in to preach. And he said, "Brother Branham, it would just make me feel so good if you'd come preach one night for me." Said, "I won't ask you to pray for any sick people." At home I try to relax and keep that off my mind, because as soon as you talk to somebody, there it is again, you see. So I just kind of relax from it. He said, "If you just come down preach."

**11** I said, "All right, Brother Johnson, I'll do that." And we were both raised the same part of Kentucky---just across the hollow from each other. So he was a Methodist, and I was a Baptist, and we used to go on to each other all the time, you know, about different denominations of church. And so I went down that night and we had the service and the Lord had blessed. There was a great crowd of people come from the outside, way down the streets where they was lined up, holding up their hands; they accepted Christ as their Saviour.

**12** Going down at the back way where we had to go through, because the basement and all was full... Well, we started out the back way. He said, "Brother Branham, I promised you I wouldn't ask you to pray for anybody, but" said, "we got a Sunday school teacher here." Said, "She's a lovely little woman and she's a neurotic." Said, "I would that you would pray for her, Brother Branham. Just lay your hands on her and just say, 'God bless you,' or something." Said, "She has wanted you to pray for her so long." Said, "She's been everywhere ... everybody comes through the country with praying for the sick." Said, "We've had her everywhere. She's been going to a psychiatrist in Louisville for the past ten years," and said, "and she's just in a terrible condition." I said, "All right."

**13** Well, the way he had explained her case, I expected to see somebody in a straight jacket, but when I got down to the end of the steps, a lovely-looking little lady of about twenty-eight, thirty years old, maybe a little older, standing there. She said, "How do you do, Brother Branham?" I said, "How do you do." And I said, "Are you the patient?" She said, "Yes, sir." I said, "Well, you don't look to be sick." She said, "Well, I'm really not sick," but said, "I don't know what's the matter with me, Brother Branham." Said, "I just can't get myself together."

**14** And I said, "Well, I'll pray." And I just prayed and laid hands on her and walked out. Two day later, the wife and I was going down New Albany, and we met her down there on the street. My wife, who's present now here, we went across the street, and we seen the little lady. We asked her... She said, "Oh, I just can't leave the city." She said, "I ... I just can't go." She said, "There's someone'll get me if I leave." I seen it wasn't there. So I said, "Step up here and we will pray again," and I asked prayer for her again. Went out, and I said, "God be merciful to the poor little thing." I said, "Lady, are you a Christian?"

**15** She said, "Yes, sir. I'm Methodist sanctification, you know." She said, "I'm really born-again." I said, "Well, that's really good," and I prayed for her and went on---a lovely little person. So I went overseas, and then I come back; and on the road back, why, I was so tired, and it was... Meda said to me (my wife) she said, "If ever the Angel of the Lord appears again here at the house, while He is present, Bill," said, "that poor little woman she ain't hardly got mind enough," she said, "to come to a meeting." And said, "Now she's fixing to... When they take her to the meeting, she wants them to tie her so they can take her to the meeting. She's so scared to leave the city. The devil told her if she left the city she'd die before she got back. So she was scared to leave the city." And so I said, "Well, if He ever appears..."

**16** And one morning (I ain't got time to tell what takes place there but, oh, it was marvelous) He came into the room. That's the morning He told me (Here's the vision wrote out right here) about India and Africa (written right on my fly leaf of the Bible here, and any of you that wants a copy of it can sure have it. And you mark that down and see if it isn't word by word how it'll come to pass. See if there isn't three hundred and fifty thousand people comes to God in India when we get there. See if that isn't right. See if it don't appear in these magazines and things just the same way. Just like the little boy in Finland and so forth. It's God foretelling things what will come.)

**17** Now, that morning I said to Meda, I said, "The Angel of the Lord is at the house now. He has come to be with us for maybe a day, or hour. I don't know how long He will stay." And she said, "Can I call that little woman in New Albany?" I said, "Well, then get her up here." So at the same time... Now, the other night the man was sitting right here. He's from Louisville, Kentucky. Member of the big Wall Street Baptist Church in Louisville ... was dying with cancer. He was sitting right here the other night, right along in here, and was healed in the front room that morning.

**18** The little woman come up and they took her into the den room. And I said, "Now, Meda, let me have her by myself." I went in there. I said, "How do you do, lady?" She said, "How do you do, Brother Branham?" Said, "Oh, I'm just having a bad spell this morning." I said, "Yes, ma'am." And I got to talking to her. I said, "Now, and you say you've been going to a psychiatrist ten..." "Yes, sir." To kind of get her mind where she wouldn't be thinking a few minutes. I noticed running in front of me like that, I seen a little black car---one seated---running. And I said, "Have you ever had an accident in a car?" She said, "No, sir." I said, "Well, if you're... Why, I see a car," and when I started then it just moved right into the vision, and here it was.

**19** When she was married, her husband went overseas, and she went out with a man which was blonde headed. And she'd went out and lived untrue to her marriage vows, while her husband was overseas. She come back, and on the road coming back, she was almost struck by a train, which would have took both their lives. She just missed the train. And when the vision left, she was falling over in the floor like that, fainting, and she begin screaming. My wife come in. I picked her up. And I said, "Lady, and you a Sunday school teacher." She said, "Brother Branham," said, "I've confessed that to God a long time ago." I said, "Look. No one knows that but you and the man that was with you, and God Almighty." She said, "That's right."

**20** I said, "No psychiatrist could ever pull that out of you. No," I said, "that had to come divinely." I said, "Now, you go to your husband and make that right." She said, "I can't, Brother Branham. I got three children." Said, "It'd break my home up." I said, "Well, it's going to break it anyhow." I said, "Because you're not going to live like that. You're going completely insane." I said, "You can't keep that." And I said, "That's way back in the gable-end of your soul." She said, "Well, I've confessed that to God." I said, "It wasn't God you sinned against. It was your husband. If you'd have been a single woman, it'd have been different, but you sinned against your marriage vow." And I said, "They might..." She said, "Well, Brother So-and-so told me." I said, "Sister, that don't have nothing to do with it. That's unconfessed sin, and they could pour oil on your head till they got a gallon on there. They could stomp, and kick, and snort, and run across the platform, and scream, and holler. That devil will stay right there. He has got a right to, and as long as he has got a right to stay there, he'll hold his grounds." And I said, "You'll never..." I said, "I've done all." She said, " I just can't do it."

**21** I said, "Now, sister, you come here, and God in His mercy has revealed what your trouble is. Go make that right with your husband, and you'll get well. If you don't, then I've done all I can." She said, "I just can't do it." She said, "It'll just break up my home." I said, "All right. Just as God's servant, I have done what God bid me to do." She started to cry. I looked back at her and standing along side the door, I seen a tall man (a vision) blue shadow standing there, and he had his hair combed sideways kind of wavy, black hair. I said, "Your husband is a black headed man, tall and thin." She said, "Yes, sir." And I said, "And he works in a Chevrolet company." Said, "Yes, sir. He does." And I said, "He has got the same thing to confess to you. Same thing." She said, "Not my husband. He's a deacon in the church."

**22** I said, "I don't care what he is." I said, "He has got the same thing to confess to you. When he landed in England, he did the same trick." And told her where he did it at. And I said, "And not over three days ago, a woman with a pink dress on with black hair, they was in a green Chevrolet car, and she works for the Chevrolet company that he is working for." I said, "I got four phones. Go call. Get him up. Go somewhere and you all make that right and get right with God for those children's sake." And I just walked on out to the man that had cancer in there to pray for him. She called him. In a few moments, here they come back. Both of them with their tears running down their cheek. She called him and they met out on the road in cars to theirselves. Rest of the party drove away and left them in the same car. She said, she confessed her wrong first. And he said, "And you kept that in your heart all this time?"

**23** Said, "Yes." And said, "The person that told me about it awhile ago," said, "told me that day before yesterday, you was with the woman, (that she knew) and where you were at and all..." Said, "Where you been?" So, she told... And he said, "Honey, that's exactly the truth." And the people may be sitting in this meeting tonight. I know many witnesses of it is. So said, "It's exactly the truth. If you'll forgive me, I will forgive you, and we will ask God to forgive both of us. We'll get our children and live like men and women ought to, like a Sunday school teacher and a deacon of the church ought to live."

**24** And they confessed their sins. They come back up with their arms around one another, coming up. My wife said (You remember, honey) said, "Will they ever come back?" I said, "Sure. They'll be back. That's her only hope to ever be well." And they came back with their arms around one another and went in there. I said, "Now, now, it's different. Now, by God's grace, and by the authority of God's Word, Satan will have to leave you." That's right. And there he left and she's the happiest little woman there is in New Albany, Indiana. She's testifying everywhere. Her and her husband both living a victorious life.

**25** Now, you couldn't have poured enough oil on her, anointed her with oil. You couldn't have stomped, or hollered or... Devil don't care how loud you holler. He don't pay no attention to that. That's right, but he will recognize faith. Yes, sir. He'll have to know where truth lays, and he'll recognize truth, and he'll recognize faith; and if you have got something... That's the reason... Now, watch close. Now on these lines like we're going to have tonight, we just pray for the people, and lay hands on them, so forth. And that's the way... It's going to be up to you, so you confess your sins before you come to the platform and say, "Lord..." And anything's in your life, you straighten it up now before you come. For be it assured to you that that thing'll hang right over you as long as you got unconfessed sin.

**26** Or may something in your life that you should have done that you did not do. Maybe something you did do that you ought not have done, but any of those things, confess it, make it right, believe God, accept it, move on. Amen. All right. Don't forget now, tomorrow afternoon and tomorrow night. Let's come praying. How many would be willing tomorrow to say, "I'm going to spend at least a half-hour's prayer between now and tomorrow afternoon for that service for a complete victory. Would you do it with me? A half-hour or prayer. A complete victory for tomorrow afternoon. That's a complete, every sinner saved, everyone filled with the Holy Ghost, every crippled person healed, every sick person healed. Wouldn't that be wonderful? Let's come believing.

**27** Now, for a Scripture reading, then the prayer line. Saint James, the second chapter, the twenty-first verse. Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seest thou how faith wrought with ... works, and by works was faith made perfect? And the scripture was fulfilled which was said, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God. Ye see then how that by works is a man justified, and not by faith only. (Listen.) Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way? For as the body without the spirit is dead, so is faith without works ... also.

```
James 2:21 Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar?

James 2:22 Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?

James 2:23 And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.

James 2:24 Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.

James 2:25 Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way?

James 2:26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.

```
**28** How many have faith? Raise your hands as a witness to God. Now, your faith without your works is dead. You might as well not have faith if you're not willing to put it to work. Now, as the Holy Spirit moves into the building tonight, let us take the initiative side. Let's believe with all of our hearts. Let's see if we can't get pretty nearly everyone in this building to be prayed for tonight. And first, let's get the meeting running level and smooth. When the Holy Spirit begins to move into the meeting, and then just challenge and move right up into the supernatural and believe God with all of our heart.

```
James 2:26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.

```
**29** And one of the sweetest things today (and again I want to say, last evening and this tonight) and last night both when wife and I were eating in a little restaurant, someone paid our bill ... or, our food bill. We appreciate that. We don't know who you were. Brother Boze today give me two little love tokens from someone in an offering. God bless you. I appreciate that. I don't want to forget it. And then this afternoon, a lovely thing happened. A little blind girl was sitting here in the building last night, and while the service was going on, the light broke into her eyes, and today she gave me in the restaurant a little picture of Christ, kind of inlaid picture as a memorial.

**30** God, O Father, grant it once again, please. Let it repeat tonight. My sincere prayer from the depths of my soul. May God bless. When we just whisper a word of prayer to Him again. Lord Jesus, Thou art the Son of God, and there's men and women in here who dying tonight cannot ever be well without You. They're laying like the lepers was at the gate. The leper said, "Why do we lay here until we die? If we go into the city, we're sure to die. They're starving in there. We're going to starve if we sit here, but if we go to Israel ... the camp of the Assyrians, if they kill us, what of it? We're going to die anyhow, but if they save us, we live." The only chance they had, and they moved out by faith to take it. God, what a reward You gave them. They not only saved their own lives, they saved the life of all Samaria.

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

2 Kings 7:4 If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.

```
**31** O Jesus, tonight we pray that You will let people know that they don't have to take a chance. They don't have to go down to an enemy's camp. They can come to the knees of the loving Father, at the throne of God where they're expected to come tonight and offer up thanksgiving for their healing and for their salvation, and be saved and healed tonight. Grant it, Lord. And now send tonight, Lord, Thy Spirit upon every person. I pray, God, that You'll pull the shades down, as it was, over every eye that would see anything except Jesus Christ, and Him crucified. May they see that all supreme sacrifice. By eyes of faith we look there and see that there's where the debt was paid. O God, make us ashamed of ourself who confess to have faith and afraid to put works to it. God, give us works.

**32** May men and women tonight rise from every place and be healed of all diseases everywhere. May demons flee. May Your Spirit come in, and take over, and drive away all doubt, and give perfect victory tonight in every heart. Lord, when we go away from here tonight, may we say as them of old, "Did not our hearts burn within us because of His presence." For we ask it in His name and for His glory. Amen. All right. Now, we got a lot of old prayer cards out here. First, we keep them lined up with the prayer cards, just as far as we can; and then we'll line up a prayer line, and then we'll just keep on. Then we get that group prayed for, we'll line up another prayer line. Keep bringing cards and so forth. If I get tired, I got some helpers around here that we can keep on, and keep praying for the sick, until a committal, or whatever God brings to the place. We'll just commit it to God.

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

```
**33** Now, I believe we started out with prayer cards D. Has anybody got prayer card D in here? Raise up your hand. Anybody with prayer card D? Yes, that's fine. All right. Who has got prayer card D-1? D number l. Is it in the building? Am I starting too far up? D number l? It's not here. Maybe I'm too far back. Oh, yes they have. D-l. All right. D-2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Let's see how many we get stand up. We want to line them up along side the wall, or somewhere, to in this way till we get a whole row down through here, and then we will start on another bunch of prayer cards.

**34** D-1 to 10. I think that's where we began. All right. D-1 to 10 quickly now, rise right up. Look on the back of your card. Everyone look around. Ushers come to your spots, if you will, right away. All right. D-10 to 20, line up. D, prayer card D-10 to 20 line up. [Unclear word] got [unclear word] card? Has that man got a card [unclear word] ? All right, 20 to 30. D-20 to 30. That's right. 30 to 40 come right on. D-30 to 40. 40 to 50. D-40 to 50. Keep watching your neighbor's card now. They'll find out, we get it---everybody that we can. Get right in the line, then we'll... D-40 to 50. 50 to 60. Someone help the lady there if you will. If you're real bad crippled and your numbers are called, we'll just hold your place and we'll get somebody to help you.

**35** What was that, 50 to 60 out here? Did I say 50 to 60? 60 to 70. D-60 to 70. Come down in this way if you will as you come out. The line's forming this way and so ... 60 to 70. The ushers will place you just in your position. We never know... The reason we do that, we never know what's going to happen, you see. The Holy Spirit might do something, you see. He might stop the line in a second. He might... We've had much experience in eight years. 70 to 80. D-70 to 80. That's good. Come this way everybody. Line up this way with your cards in this way. 70 to 80. 80 to 90. 80 to 90. [Break in tape]

**36** Brother Osborn's going to speak a word at this time. [Brother Osborn explains the way to be healed.] Thank you, Brother Osborn. That's real, that's Scripture. That's solid. There's no one can say that isn't the truth. That's the truth, see. You're afraid to put your faith to work, see. If you say I got faith and you haven't got no works, you might as well not have no faith, see. You've got to believe. You've got... Now, everyone along that prayer line, a hundred people and probably... How many out there in the audience wants to be prayed for? Let's see your hands. Everywhere. Oh, there's probably another thousand out there that wants to be prayed for. Every one of you can be healed, every one of you, see. Just have faith in God.

**37** Now, Brother Osborn, he can explain the Word and lay it out so you can't keep from believing it. That's his gift. Mine is prophetic utterance, and that all---just like eyes and ears and so forth---it's all the body working together. And when you see God's body moving together like that, why, it ought to make you so happy till you just... And know at this last days that God is doing these wonderful things for us, you ought to be so happy you just go out of this building shouting anyhow. Don't you think so? Certainly. All right. Bring the lady, Now, just a moment while they start the line coming, I want to be sure the Angel of the Lord is here, see. I may not just simply pray for people as they pass through, but go through discernment, for that line for each one it would probably take maybe four, five days of meeting for that hundred. If God can reveal one thing, He can reveal all things, can't He? Just enough to let You know that Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, is here and his blessings are with us. Don't you believe that?

**38** Now, do you believe lady, as you come? Now, just let that music continue on, if you will, wherever it is. That's all right. That's fine. Everybody in one accord now? Got your mind centered on Jesus Christ? What if He was here on earth tonight wearing this coat that He gave me? Then He'd come here... Here stands a woman, why, I've never seen the woman in my life. Now, Jesus, what He would do, He couldn't heal her. How many knows that to be the truth? Jesus could not heal her. He can not do what He's already done, see. He couldn't, see. He couldn't say, "Now wait a minute. I will come down and die to save you because you're a sinner at the altar." No. He has already died for your salvation, and He's sitting at the right hand of the Father to make intercessions upon your profession (not upon your feeling) upon what you profess to be, see.

**39** When you said, "Well, I was saved ten years ago." No. You were saved nineteen hundred years ago. You accepted it ten years ago, see, see. You were healed nineteen hundred years ago. Are you willing to accept it tonight? That's the only... See, He couldn't heal her. Now, the only thing He would to like He was here on earth. He said, "I do nothing except the Father shows Me." Being that there's a little new audience, tonight. It may be your first time. How many was here and never was in one of my meetings before? Raise your hand. Oh, my. There's a hundred or two, maybe a few on then, in the line for discernment that you might ... see. Wherever the Lord will lead.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**40** Now, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, when He was here on earth, what did He do? He didn't claim to be a healer, did He? He claimed that He only did what the Father showed Him to do by a vision. How many knows that's the Scripture? Saint John 5:19. Said, "Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing." He had passed by a big bunch of crippled people, never healed any of them at the pool of Bethesda. And He healed a man laying on a pallet, for the Father had showed Him. He said the man was laying there, and so He didn't know what to do. The people said, "Well, why didn't You...?" In other words, "Why didn't heal them all?" The critics, they lived in them days too. One day they wrapped a rag around His eyes and hit Him on the head and said---with a reed---and said, "If You're a prophet, tell us who hit You?" Do you remember that? The crucifixion. "If You're a prophet, tell us who hit You?" He never opened His mouth.

```
Matthew 26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**41** It wasn't a stage show. It wasn't a clowning. It was absolutely sincerity before the Father, that He did just as the Father told Him. Maybe He didn't know who hit Him. The Father knew. He perceived their thoughts. At the woman at the well, He talked to her a few minutes. Told her right where her trouble was. Said, "Go get your husband." Is that right? Philip, when he came to Him with Nathanael, Nathanael criticized Him. "Nothing good can come out of Nazareth." He said, "You come see." So when He seen him coming, He said, "There's an Israelite in whom there is no guile." Why, it astonished him. He said, "When did You know me, Rabbi?"---or, Reverend, Teacher. He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you."

```
Matthew 12:25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:

Luke 5:22 But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?

Luke 6:8 But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**42** Now, if that Jesus Christ is raised from the dead and living in His church tonight, He can produce the same things, for He said, "The things that I do shall you, also." Is that right? "Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world." Church has forgot those things. Theology of the church has went over the top of the thing, but Jesus Christ still remains the same yesterday, today, and forever, still moving. Jehovah God enveiled one time in a pillar of fire, the next time in a Son, the body Jesus, and this time unfolding Himself from a pillar of fire into a body virgin born, now into sinful men that's been borned-again. God in the fire, God in His Son, God in His people. Same God. Right along the same. Have faith in God. All right.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**43** Now, everyone just reverent as you can be now. Come here, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? [The sister says, "Yes, I do."] You believe that Jesus Christ the Son of God ["Yes."] is here tonight? ["Yes."] I want you to look at me. Now, in that, I mean, as you look here... As Peter and John passed through the gate called Beautiful and said, "Silver and gold have I none," you know. They said, "Look on us," didn't they? And he looked expecting to receive something. What they were trying to do was to see what kind of a faith he had. They were also prophets. When Elijah came down and they went out to battle---the Assyrian's---and Elijah, he seen Ahab's son there. He said, "Why don't you go to your own god? Why don't you go to your mother's god?" Said, "Why did you come to me?"

```
2 Kings 3:13 And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, What have I to do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab.

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

Acts 3:5 And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.

Acts 3:6 Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.

```
**44** He kind of got all stewed up about it. He said, "Why, if it wasn't I respected the presence of Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even look at you," see. Now, that prophet said that: "I wouldn't even look at you." But said, "Nevertheless, play some music." And when he went to playing the music, the hand of the Lord come upon the prophet, he saw what was going to take place. Now, He is still the same God tonight. You believe that? ["Amen."] You believe that? I suppose we're strangers, aren't we? Never met in life before. You're just a woman that's here in the audience, got a prayer card and come up on the platform. But now, if Jesus has risen from the dead, He was able to tell me what you're up here for. He can tell me what you have been, what you are now, what you will be. Is that right? Certainly. No secret is with Him.

```
2 Kings 3:14 And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

2 Kings 3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

```
**45** Did you ever read the little book, my little book called, I think, called Prophet Visits Africa, or something like that. Did you ever see the picture of that Angel? ["Yeah."] You saw the picture of it? I'm only trying to talk to you like He did at the woman at the well. You've been through some trouble. Just been operated on. That come from the back, or around this way, under the side, the knife. Oh, it was the gall bladder, ["Yes."] a gall bladder operation. Two doctors was in the room, they taken the gall bladder. You've never been well since. Sick all the time. ["Yes."] They never done the job right. Jesus Christ can do it. You believe that? Go ahead, it's done now. God bless you. Sister, will you accept healing for your eyes tonight? [The sister says, "I will."] In the name of Jesus Christ may you receive it. Go and God's peace be with you.

**46** Come, lady. Will you accept your healing tonight? Do you believe that Jesus Christ died for you? And you believe that that female trouble will leave you tonight? You believe it has now? It has then. As you have believed, so is it to you. God bless you in Jesus' name. All right. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that Jesus Christ is here? Do you believe that God will heal you of heart trouble? Then He will. Go in the name of the Lord Jesus. He has. God bless you. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe the Son of God is here to make you whole? You believe that He has made you whole? What your trouble, you got a dark hanging around you all the time. It's a haunty feeling. It's nervous condition. That's due to the time of life you're living.

**47** The devil told you you was going to lose your mind. He is a liar. You're healed. Go off the platform [unclear words] . All right, come. Lady, you have also. God bless you. Rise up now and receive your sight and may Jesus Christ go and make you whole. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Do you believe, lady? With all your heart? You believe that you're in His presence? [The lady says, "Yes."] You do? All right. You have a... It's not a disease. It's thin skins in your nose that causes you to have hay fever. Is that right? You accept your healing from Jesus Christ? Amen. Go testifying of it now, praising God. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] Would you like to get over that kidney trouble? It's caused you a lot of back trouble. You'll get over it if you believe Jesus Christ, accept Him as Your healer. You do? God bless you. Go and may the Lord Jesus [unclear words] . You go lay your hands upon her, and believe that she will get well and you shall have what you asked for.

**48** Can you believe, my brother, with all your heart? [The brother says, "Yes, I do."] Lord Jesus, I pray that You will heal him and make him well, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go rejoicing. Go on happy. Come, sister. You believe with all your heart? If I wouldn't say a word... What if I told you that nervousness left you when you was sitting in the seat, would you believe it? [The lady says, "Yes."] Go on there and have it. God bless you. All right. Come, lady, come. You believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] You do? That old coughing asthmatic condition. Go believe that Jesus Christ make you whole, you shall have it in the name of the Lord.

**49** All right. Come, lady. You have several things wrong. One's nervous, and one thing is your heart that's bothering you making you have heart flutters in the heart. You believe it's left you? Go and believe with all your heart and you shall have it. God bless you. You believe, brother, with all your heart God healed you? Amen. Go right ahead believing with all your heart. Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Now, look. Let me talk to you just a moment. Do you believe that God will reveal to me something of your life if I talk to you a minute and tell you what was wrong with you?

**50** All right. You have arthritis. You try to get out of bed. Here not long ago you was trying to step off of the sidewalk, setting sideways, your foot sideways, get off of a sidewalk. Isn't that right? Standing beside of a light post and somebody pushed you and you almost fell. Go on now. You can stomp your feet up and down. You're healed. Go believing with all your heart. It's gone from you. Accepting Jesus Christ. You believe, lady, with all your heart? Lord Jesus, heal the woman. May she go and be made well in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. All right. You believe, lady? All your heart? What's the matter people? We sit like paralyzed Christians. God Almighty, in His infinite power. You want to get over that hay fever? Go ahead. God bless you. All right. Have faith now. Believe with all your heart.

**51** How can the people who claim to kiss the blessings of the cup ... of the rim, and the golden blessings of God? Oh, [unclear words] . God's mercy to the people. Have faith in God. Those people, no matter what's said to them or what's done, they're getting healed anyhow. Not a person... Watch the expression to their face when they're coming by. Almighty God, who sent His Angel to the room that night... You say, "That's fanaticism." Well, brother, the whole world knows about it and knows it's the truth. The scientific world knows it's the truth. I come speaking in His name, Jesus Christ, and He is confirming the words that's been said that it is the truth. Hallelujah! That's right. Certainly. Just passing the people. I'm trying to get them to accept Christ upon the negative ... or, the positive Word of Jesus Christ to believe it without saying anything. How do you do, lady? You believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "With all my heart."] Believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God? Died for you? ["Yes."] That you might be healed? Do you believe that He has done it? ["I do."] You do? Had an operation, didn't you? ["I did."] Had the tumor taken ... or, the... And you believe that Jesus Christ has made you whole now? ["I do."] All right. Go. God bless you. You can be made well in Jesus' name.

**52** All right. Come. You believe, lady? All right. Old female trouble has bothering along. You've been nervous. You got hard of hearing in your ears, and, also, you got hay fever. Almighty God, author of Life, giver of every good gift bless this woman. I curse this disease, this deaf spirit. Leave her in the name of Jesus Christ. All right. You hear me? You hear me now? [The lady says, "Yes."] Now, what's happened to you? Here's your thing. You don't need it. Watch. Now, hear me? ["Yes."] Say, "Amen."? ["Amen."] Say, "I love the Lord. Praise the Lord." ["Praise the Lord."] You're healed. God bless you [unclear words] . Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Of course, I see you hobbling along, lady. There's something wrong with you somewhere. You got arthritis. Throw that thing down. Pick up Jesus Christ in your heart and say, "Get off of here, Satan. Get out of here." Walk off the platform [unclear words] and well. Do you believe it? Will you accept it? Will you act upon it? Stomp your feet on the floor, walk across the platform. That's right. Go right on out of here and praise God. Throw both hands up in the air [unclear word] praise God. Do you want to do the same thing, brother? Take off and do it, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

**53** Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Have faith in God. All right. Come believing. You believe with all your heart? Wouldn't you like to eat a great big hamburger about that thick tonight? Go do it then and your stomach... Now, what's done that: You're nervous, you see. It's nothing wrong. They told you had ulcer, but that's wrong. It isn't nothing but a peptic condition of the stomach. You know that sours, and cause all that trouble and burning around. Now, it has left you. Go on and eat what you want to. Lady, there's only one hope for you and that's Jesus Christ. With that condition that you have now, the cancer, it'll kill you 'less you accept Jesus Christ. Do you believe that He'll heal you? God bless you. Go in the name of the Lord Jesus. May you be made whole. Amen.

**54** Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? You believe that nervousness is going to leave you? [The lady says, "I do."] God bless you. Go on shouting and praising God for it. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Oh, how wonderful our Saviour is. Be reverent, everywhere. Just give Him praise. Just a moment. Deaf spirit. Bow your head everywhere now. Almighty God, Author of life, send Thy blessings to heal her. Satan, leave her in Jesus' name. There you are. You'll be all right now? Hear me? God bless you. Go, praising God. You're healed. Lady, you believe the heart trouble left you, sitting there? That's right. Go right on, rejoice and saying, "Praise the Lord."

**55** Come, lady. My! You believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "Sure do."] You want to get over that arthritis? ["Yes."] You accept Jesus? ["Yes, I do."] God bless you. Go right on and get over it in the name of the Lord Jesus. Come believing. You want to get healed, sister? Raise up your hands, say, "I accept Jesus as my healer." God bless you. Go on. You'll never have to have that operation. You'll be healed. Let's go believing with all of our hearts. God bless you. Do you believe, lady? Sure. You accepted right there, didn't you? Your kidney trouble's done gone. Just go on. God bless you.

**56** All right. Come, lady. 'Course, a little nervousness that goes with your age, but you got arthritis also that's bothering you. Is that right? Go on, accept your healing. Say, "Jesus, make me whole." Amen. Hallelujah. Almighty God, Author of life, send Thy peace upon this man. Cast got this deaf spirit, and make him hear and be normal in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, come out of him. Do you hear me, sir? All right. God bless you. Go on now. You're healed. Go on your road rejoicing. Same thing. Oh, thou devil, come from the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Leave her. Amen. Hear me? Say, "Amen." [Lady says, "Amen."] God bless you. Go on and be made well in the name of Jesus Christ.

**57** Come, sir. Would you like to go eat your supper? Go ahead in the name of the Lord Jesus. Stomach trouble will leave you. Come with all your heart, believing. You want to get over that nervous condition? Go be made well? Go accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You want to be healed, brother? You accept your healing? In Jesus' name may he receive it. Amen. Don't think I'm excited. God bless our brother and heal him in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Just a moment. The Angel of the Lord left here, went to the audience. Amen. You want to get over that nervousness, lady? Go on, accept your healing and say, "Thank You Jesus Christ for healing me." All right. I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

**58** God bless you, brother. You believe Christ makes you well? [The brother speaks to Bro. Branham] . Yes, sir, He did. You've got some fever that's bothered you for a long time. [The man says, "Forty years."] It started back before the First World War started. I see soldiers marching with pinches in their hat with wrapped leggings on. And you got it in some country where there's a dark people, dark. ["Sure did."] I believe it's Mexico, Mexican people. ["Yes."] You have some kind of a swelling condition that takes place, something in you. ["That's right."] And you've had a injury in the spine, two or three of them. ["Three of them."] You're a friend to Fred Bosworth. ["Sure am."] I see him standing before me now and a fat, heavy-set fellow with his hair co... It's Paul Rader. ["Paul Rader."] Is that right? God bless you. Go on in peace, and God be with you, make you well.

**59** Come. You believe with all your heart? You look like you've got good eyes, but you haven't. It's astigmatism that's bothering them. You're real nervous and upset. It's the time of life, but do you believe that Jesus Christ heals you and restores to you now? God bless you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Little lady, you're facing an operation for the tumor, but God can make you well. Do you believe it? Then go and accept it in the name of the Lord Jesus. How do you do, sir. You want to get over that kidney trouble? Do you believe God can heal you? You got a hernia. You've been awful upset because you got prostate trouble. Is that right? The other day you was praying about that. On your road down here, you did the same thing, didn't you? Stop beside of that tree. God bless you. Now, go on. You're healed in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**60** Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Got a female trouble that's bothers you for years. It's a ovary condition. Is that right? Go in the name of the Lord Jesus and be made well. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Lady, do you believe with all your heart? Believe it? Accept your healing then in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Go and be made well. Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? You want to get over the asthmatic condition? Go thanking God and praising Him. You shall have your healing. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Come, lady. Do you want to be healed of that nervous condition. All right. God bless you. Go and be made well in the name of the Lord Jesus. Do you believe, lady, with all your heart? With all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] Yep! Oh, it's arthritis. I didn't know why you were standing... I seen you in a position where you were trying to get up. All right. Go on now and you'll never have it again. God bless you. Go rejoicing.

**61** Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? If I wouldn't say one word to you, yet you'd believe it, would you? You would believe? Standing between you and I is a table. Food is on it and you've walked away from it. You want to go sit down and eat? Be made well? Will you believe Jesus Christ heals you right now of that stomach condition? You do? God bless you. That's just what's happened. Go. The Lord bless you, my sister. All right, lady. My! Could cause you some horrible trouble, couldn't it? That back you got, but Jesus Christ will make you well. You believe that? You accept it now? God bless you. Go and may He... Let's say, "Praise the Lord." You want to get over that arthritis? You believe you're over it now? All right. Then it's just as you have believed. Go and receive it. God bless you.

**62** Come, lady. Amen. You want to get over that tumor? [The lady says, "Sure do."] without an operation? ["Yes, sir."] You believe the power of God is here to make that demon leave out of there, and them cells will break away and go away? Do you believe it? ["Sure do."] Then accept Him as your Healer right now. Go testifying the same thing. All right.

**63** Come, lady. Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit now becomes predominant. Every demon power in this building is subject to Almighty God. Amen. Right now anything can happen. Anybody that will believe at this time may receive. Oh, we won't have to pray another word of prayer line. God will heal ever person here right now upon the basis of your faith. Lady! Go ahead and eat what you want to. Your faith has saved you. God bless you. All right. Come, lady. Now, lady, do you believe with all your heart? You here? Now, so the people see it's not reading your mind, lay your hand on my shoulder. If God can show me out here by a vision what your trouble, will you accept your healing from Jesus Christ? [The lady says, "Yes, I will."] Yes, ma'am. You have something stiff in the hips. It's arthritis. Is that right? If it is, raise up your hand off my shoulder. Now, it's gone from you. Go off the platform rejoicing and thanking God. Give God praise.

**64** All right. How do you do, lady? You believe God will make you well? You got an oppression. It's something that haunts you, a nervous condition. Isn't that right? You're healed. Go. God bless you now. All right. Come, lady. Put your hand over here on my shoulder and say, "I believe with all my heart Jesus Christ is the Son of God." Do you do that with all your heart? Yes. All right, walk off the platform, saying, "Thank You, Jesus, for healing me of the nervous condition." Amen. Come, sir. You believe with all your heart? You believe that God is here to make you well? [The man says, "Sure."] Nervousness is a hard thing for a man your age, but you can be healed of it now. Do you believe it? ["Yeah."] All right. It's caused from a prostate trouble. Go on off the platform saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." Amen.

**65** Come. You believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "I do."] I'm just wanting to see how many people is getting healed around out there in that audience with the same thing is happening here on the platform. All right. Your heart trouble's left you, lady. Just go ahead. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Oh, how I love Jesus because He first loved me. Purchased my salvation on cold, dark Calvary. Believe. You accept your healing, lady? Go say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus, for healing me." Come, lady. You want to get over that back trouble, kidney condition? Go say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus, for healing me." Believe with all your heart. Come, lady. Nervous, fluttery, heart condition. Go accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus and get well.

**66** All right. Come, lady. Also conditions of the heart. You got, also, hay fever that's bothering you. Isn't that right? Go and accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus. Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? You want to get over that old female trouble's bothered you all these years since the children? Say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus, for healing me." And go off of here... No. You just thought they was. They were healed right there, you see. You hear me? Sure you do. You hear me now? I told you you were healed, sister. Don't doubt me. See that you've got me... Now, see you are healed, aren't you? See, you can hear. All right. Your female trouble's gone too. Your nervousness is left you. Your hearing, ... listen, hadn't heard for years. Amen. Say, "Praise the Lord." [The lady says, "Praise the Lord."] All right. Go off the platform shouting. Don't doubt. If you doubt, it'll come back on you again. Don't do that. Believe. Have faith in God. Amen. Believe, sister? Say, "I thank You, Jesus, for healing me." Go and say, "Praise the Lord."

**67** All right. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that Jesus Christ is here to make you whole? Say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus, for healing me of arthritis. I won't have it no more." Go, go. "Thank You, Lord Jesus." Do you believe, lady? God, heal this poor little woman and make her well in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, mother. May the Lord bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Now be reverent. Be reverent now. Keep watching the Spirit of God move as it's moving. When somebody's being healed here, you take the same thing. You just accept it by faith. Believe it with all your heart. God will make it so. Amen

**68** All right. Come, sir. You believe with all your heart? Are you all believing with the man on this cot ... stretcher? Are you believing? You're believing? All right. Just have faith. Keep praying. Way back in the back, believe. You just raised your head up back there, sir, believing---with the white coat on, back on that side. Oh, it's about the little lady sit... that's you. Yes, sir. It's the lady sitting next to you. Oh, she's ... she wants to receive a child, a baby. I see her moving... Is that right, young lady? Do you want to receive it? Do you believe? Raise up your hand, then. God bless you. Stand up to your feet. Lord Jesus, may she be fertile, and bring forth that which she desires. I pray in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, my sister. Go and God's peace be on you. Hallelujah. Have faith in God.

**69** You, true believer? With all your heart, all your heart. You got something wrong in your chest, and you got ... I believe it's something in your eyes, a cataract, sinus glands pulled down like that. Isn't that true? [The man says, "Correct."] And aren't you a visitor here? You've come from Canada. ["Yes, that's correct."] Say, you got a wife that was sick, ["That's correct."] and this man out here prayed for her and she was healed. ["Correct."] So are you. God bless you. [Unclear words] standing up on your feet [unclear word] praying for you. Have faith in God. Come. You believe? In the name of Jesus Christ, may you receive your healing. Go shouting the praises of God. Believing. Amen. Lord Jesus, bless her, and restore this to her in Jesus' name. Amen. Can you hear me all right? You're healed. God bless you. Go on ... of God be upon you.

**70** How do you do, sister. Come. Do you believe with all your heart? Stiffened up with arthritis, and nervous, and upset. Say, "Thank You, Jesus, for healing me." Now, go off the platform, rejoicing, saying, "Praise be to God," and be made whole. You believe with all your heart? You want to get over that hay fever? Well, just keep on going and praising God. Saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus. Thank You." All right. Believe with all your heart. Do you believe? In the name of Jesus Christ, may he be healed. Raise your hand and say, "Thank You, Jesus." There you are. Praise the Lord. All right. Come, sir. Get over the heart trouble. Just raise up your hand and say, "Thank You, Lord. I'm healed." Amen.

**71** Come, sir. Do you believe with all your heart? You believe that that old nervous condition's left you? In the name of the Lord Jesus, receive your healing. Let's say, "Praise be to God." You believe, sister, with all your heart? In the Name of Jesus Christ may you be healed. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." This your son? Do you believe that God will reveal to me the trouble of that child? [The lady says, 'I believe."] With all your heart? ["With all my heart."] And if I will be, by the help of God, reveal that child's trouble to you, by the Spirit of God, then you'll believe that God is in His church doing the same things He did? He's a nervous child. Is that right? Lay your own hand on his head, say, "God, I accept his healing and [unclear words] Calvary right now. [Unclear words.] Satan, come out of him. He is out of you, son. Go off the platform. You're going to be well. Let's say, "Praise be to God."

**72** All right. Bring the lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe Jesus Christ makes you well right now? Go thanking God, saying, "Praise You, Lord. Praise You." Don't never have no negative testimony. Testify positive. "Jesus has healed me, and I'm well." Go and you will receive your healing. Say, "Praise be to God." All right. Come, young man. What do you think about this? [The man says, "I believe."] You believe it? ["Yes."] You believe that nervousness is going to leave you? You believe it has left you? You believe Jesus Christ takes it away from you. Then He has. Amen. God bless you. Go and [unclear word] .

**73** All right, lady. You want that cataract removed from your eyes? You do? Accept Jesus as your Healer? Believe the thing's dead right now and sight'll come into that eye? You shall have it. Go and praise God. What you believe, you shall have. Come, lady and get over all that nervous and upset condition. In the name of Jesus Christ may you go and be healed. Go thank God. Praise Him with all your heart. Brother, you received it while you were sitting down there. Go on down here rejoicing. All right. Come, sister. You believe with all your heart? Oh, how [unclear words] . In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ [unclear word] . May the Lord grant it to you. Go eat what you want to now. The stomach trouble's left you. Amen.

**74** What do you think, little lady? You believe with all your heart? There's something striking you that's never hit you before in your life. You realize that you're in the presence of Something. Isn't that right? That's right. You've always been a nervous, upset child, all through school and everything. Isn't that right? Do you believe it's gone from you now? It has. Now, go and say, "Thanks be to God," and give the praise to God. All right, sir. You believe your eyes will get well? In the name of Jesus Christ, grant it, Lord God. Go thanking God for it. You believe, sir, you'll get well? [The man says, "Yes, sir."] In the name of Jesus Christ, heal him, Lord. I pray in Jesus' name. Go thanking Him, saying, "Praise the Lord."

**75** Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? You go home and lay hands on your sick child. Your asthma will leave you now. Go on. Praise God. Give Him thanks and praise. You shall have it. O blessed be the tie that binds our hearts in Christian love. The fellowship of kindred minds is like to that above. God bless you, sister. If you'll believe with all your heart, you'll never go blind. You believe it? God bless you. Go and receive it. Come, lady. Amen. Oh, what a night! What a time! What a privilege! Sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus---in Christ Jesus. Come, lady. You want to get over that back trouble? Go and accept Jesus Christ as your Healer and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." You shall have it.

**76** Come, lady. You believe? [The lady says, "Yes, I do."] With all your heart? ["Amen."] If I wouldn't say one word to what was wrong with you, yet you believe that you're healed? ["Yes."] Is that right? Then go eat what you want to. Your stomach trouble's left you. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise be to God." You believe God will make it well. In the name of Jesus Christ I bless this child for its healing, and the mother too. God bless you. Go on your road rejoicing now, thanking God for it. You believe with all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] You believe that God will make you well? ["Yes, I do."]

**77** Looks to me that anyone would see standing right there... Can't you see that whirl of fire, pillar of fire hanging right yonder, see? I see It breaking loose to the woman. She's kind of a dark skin woman and she has been operated on for a tumor in the breast. She has a table moving before her. She's got stomach trouble. There sets the lady setting right down there, with your little round feathers, like, on your hat or something. It's you, lady. You that look ... raised your... That's you. Stand up to your feet. Didn't you just have an operation? Right there. Is that right? All right. You're healed. Now, go home. God has made you well. Amen. Everybody ought to believe. Listen, lovely, Christian friends. I can't heal people. I am not a healer. Jesus Christ has healed you. He has already did it.

**78** You sitting there, sir, looking at me so sincerely, back there in that second row. You've got somebody on your mind. A man with a blue-looking shirt on, his collar open. You're studying about somebody. It's a ... it's about a brother, and a brother is a... Stand up. There's another man standing in front of you. A vision... It's a brother that's blind and you got a mother. She has heart trouble. Is that right? Isn't that them sitting right next to you? And in the vision when I seen you at your house, before you left, isn't that your wife sitting right next to you there? Is that right? Will you with that much faith, you know what I'd do if I was in your place? I'd give up that habit of smoking cigarettes and accept their healing. Will you do it? God bless you. Amen.

**79** Let's say, "Praise God." (I don't know what time it is, I'm...) You believe Him? [The lady says, "Yes, I do."] You want to get over the hay fever? ["Yes, I do."] Go accept your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus. Come, sir. You believe Him with all your heart? You are? You've come for a good reason. You're doing wrong. You got a habit you want to leave behind. You believe God will take it away from you tonight? Believe God will make you well? You do? All right. Cursed be the devil that binds this man. Thou demon of alcohol, come out of the man. Go, and drink no more as long as you live, and give your heart to Jesus Christ and be made well. Just a minute. Now, just a moment. Have faith in God.

**80** Where's the crippled man at? It was somebody... Here. It's this man on the cot. Do you believe me to be God's servant? Look over this way a minute. Young man, I couldn't heal you. I know nothing about you. God knows that, but your life is in the hands of God. You believe me to be His servant? Your wife sitting there by you ... or, she's not your wife, she's your sweetheart, and you're suffering with leukemia, cancer of the bloodstream. You're going to die if you lay there, and the doctor can do no more for you. You've only got one opportunity, and that's the blessed promise of the Lord Jesus Christ.

**81** The people pulled you over here in this place tonight, after they brought you in, put you in here, they pulled you over here purposely, thinking that you'd lay there, and they ask you to believe. And if you'd believe, that the Spirit of God would pull me to you. Is that the truth? All right. Do you believe me to be His servant? Do you accept Jesus Christ as your healer? You do now? You forsake everything and accept Him as your healer? Then in the name of Jesus Christ stand up, accept it. Go home in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah.
