---
Date: 1953-02-15
Title: Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and today, and forever
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: Unknown
Duration: 50 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and today, and forever



**1** Thank you, Brother Baxter. Good evening, friends. I'm very happy to be here tonight to minister in the name of our Lord Jesus. We are sorry to be late on our first night. The old English proverb that a bad start makes a good ending. We hope that'll be so in this case. And now, I have come here to pray for the sick, the needy of this city and surroundings. I come to do this in the name of our Lord Jesus. I do not come to do it within my own strength, or my own name, or my own power, for I have none. I only come in His name, as His servant, to minister to the people. And I trust that our stay with you here will be a blessing to you. It'll be a blessing to us. And I'll be praying for you while you pray for me, that we'll be, together, God's workers in His vineyard. This is my first time to be in this part of the country, in this part of Florida. I've always had a desire to come to Tallahassee.

**2** Today on the street while the manager and I and my wife were having just a little lunch, and we come out; and a little girl met me, and she was waving at me through the window. She said, "Don't you know me, Brother Branham?" I said, "I don't believe I do, honey." A pair a pretty little blue eyes looking at me---about six, seven years old. And when she revealed who she was, it was a little girl from your surrounding city, here, somewhere. And she had had her eye---with an accident, it cut the sight out of it. And the doctor told her there was no hopes at all, that could ever be any hopes for her to ever see out of that eye again. A frantic but faithful father said, "Oh, yes, there is." And he wrapped her in a blanket and rushed to Jeffersonville. I was just leaving my church that evening. And he came in late, probably this time of the night, drove all the way through without making any stops, only to get gasoline. And I was in the yard and prayed for the little girl. And today she couldn't tell me just exactly which eye it was. It was just so perfect---both of them---that the Lord had healed.

**3** She gave me a little present; it was a little envelope. Talking to the child, I never thought much about it; I stuck it in my pocket. When I got home, it was a Valentine. I thought, How sweet. A little girl... Loveliest little verse. And she's in the audience tonight. I certainly thank you, sweetheart. And that means a whole lot to me to know... And it's something about friends. I'm so happy to know that Jesus gave her her sight after the optical nerve had been severed free, but it was sewn back together. And God, the great healer, made her well. I believe He rewarded that father of his faith, and the little child of its faith. I trust that when the services are over, there'll be many testimonies like that to glorify our Lord Jesus.

**4** Now, Christian friends, newspapers and articles, and magazines, and so forth, has referred to me many times as a divine healer. Well, that's wrong. I'm not a divine healer. I'm your brother---co-worker with these ministers here in the kingdom of God. I only pray for the sick. I do not heal anyone. And there's no one else, to my humble way of seeing the Scriptures, that could heal you. Your healing is already purchased at Calvary when Jesus died; just as your salvation was, see. You wasn't saved last year, or ten years ago. You were saved nineteen hundred years ago, and you accepted it last year, or ten years ago, see. And you were healed nineteen hundred years ago. And the only thing that any of us can do is to point you to what Jesus has done for you.

**5** A minister, your pastor, could read it here in the Scriptures. If you'll believe it, that's all it takes. The main thing is your personal faith in His merit of salvation for your soul, or healing for you body. The prophet said, "He was wounded for our transgressions. With His stripes, we were healed." And now, "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word of God." First you have to hear, and where it comes from, the resource it comes from. Then you base your faith upon that. And according to your faith, then it's done to you. And now, that has been the order of the church for many, many years. Nineteen hundred years this blessful thing has been taught in all Christian churches: praying for the sick. The early apostolic church prayed for the sick. All down through the age, unto the Dark Age, they prayed for the sick. In the reformation, Luther, they prayed fort the sick. In the days of Wesley, they prayed for the sick. Calvin, Knox, Moody, Sankey, all along, we prayed for the sick.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**6** It is to my humble belief that we're living near the end time. Or, may I make it a little more personal than that, saying we're living in the end time. And I believe it's time for restoration of the church that was promised: that God would send in the last days. And I believe that this is the day, that when the Word's been preached so much, and the day's getting so dark and so evil, till according to God's Word, He was to restore all that the caterpillar had eaten, palmerworm had eaten---would be restored back again. And this is the day of the restoration of the Spiritual gifts, given into the church. Now, along in that, we're bound to find false things. Satan is a shrewd person. And he works day and night in the children of disobedience. He can impersonate. But a true Spirit of God always gives honor and praise to the Lord Jesus Christ. And now, in this, I've been commissioned to pray for the sick that you've seen in magazines and articles around the world. Through there, it started a revival on divine healing---all around everywhere. We're thankful for that. And I pray that it'll just continue. God be blessed until Jesus comes.

```
Joel 2:25 And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.

```
**7** Now, I want to read a Scripture out of the Bible. I think no service is complete without reading His Word. My word is a man's word; they'll fail. But God's Word will never fail. So then, in St. John, the fourth chapter, we begin with the fourteenth verse. Let's read what the Person of Jesus was here. He's speaking now; He has an audience with a woman, a sinful woman, at the well. And they're talking about ... discourse of water. But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give unto him shall never thirst, but the water that I give unto him shall be in him ... wells of water springing up into everlasting life. The woman said unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw. Jesus said unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither. The woman answered and said unto him, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast said well said, I have no husband: For thou hast had five husbands, and he whom thou has now is not thy husband; ... thou saidst ... well. The woman said unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet. In Hebrews 13:8 is written: "Jesus Christ the same, yesterday, today, and forever."

```
John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**8** Jesus said, "A little while, and the world seeth Me no more; but ye shall see me." And ye is His church: you. The unbeliever never sees it. It's the believer that sees it. "A little while, and the world sees me no more; yet ye shall see me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Is that right?---that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if we see what He done yesterday, today, He'll do the same, and will be forever. Is that right? Now, He knew He did not claim to be a healer. Do you know that? Jesus never claimed to heal anyone. He said, "It's not Me, it's My Father that dwelleth in me. He doeth the works." See, he didn't claim to be a divine healer.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.

John 4:15 The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**9** And in St. John 5:19, when he passed by the pool of Bethesda... And there laid a great multitude of crippled, impotent folk. And He went through that crowd of people and healed a man over there that was laying on a pallet (as we would call it today), a little pallet laying on the floor. Maybe something like the lady's laying there, on the lady's lap. He healed her ... or, healed him. Now, the strange thing was that He passed those people that were laying all blind and withered, and went right over to where this man was on the pallet, and healed him, and then went on. Look at the question when He said He knew... Jesus knew he was laying there, and knew that he'd been a long time in this state, because he'd had this disease---maybe kidney trouble, or diabetes, TB. It was a retarded disease because he'd had it for thirty-eight years. And anything serious like cancer, or something, would've killed him right away. So, it was something that had been lingering for years. And when He went over and healed him, why, He went away and left all that multitude of people that was lame and blind and halt and withered.

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

```
**10** Could you imagine, today, something like that. Just as they did then, they'd say, "Why didn't He heal that one?" "Let Him heal this one, we'll believe it." "Come off the cross. We'll believe You." Put a rag around His face, and hit Him on the head, said, "Now, if You're a prophet, tell us who hit You, we'll believe You." But He never opened His mouth. He didn't clown for people. He done the will of God. That's what we're to do. Then He was questioned. The 19th verse, and the 20th verse ... 19th and 20th verse of the 5th chapter. Read the whole chapter when you go home. "He said, "Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." For what things soever the Father does, He shows the Son. And He'll show you greater than the healing of this diabetic here, or what he was, that ye may marvel. Is that right? He said He did nothing in Himself, but what the Father showed Him. "The Father worketh, and I worketh hitherto." In other words, He never took no glory for Himself. He said, "I only do what the Father shows me to do. He shows me what to do, and I do nothing at all until first He shows me. But, what He shows me, that I do."

```
Isaiah 53:7 He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Matthew 27:30 And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.

Matthew 27:42 He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.

Mark 15:19 And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**11** Now, He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. His manifestations is the same. Shall we pray. Our Heavenly Father, we have gathered here tonight in the name of Thy beloved Son Jesus, for no other purpose but to glorify Thee. Now, I ask that Your mercy be extended to all of us. We thank Thee for Him who was so lovely to come to the earth, and to remember we poor, alienated Gentiles---cut off, without hope, without mercy. In the world, dead in sin and trespasses, without God, without Christ, going to a sinner's grave, a devil's hell. And Christ came and took our place, taking upon Him the form of a man, and was wounded for our transgressions, and bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon Him; and with His stripes, we are healed. He commissioned the people to go into all the world, and to preach this Gospel of freedom, deliverance. The Gentiles, who sat in darkness, a great light will spring. How we thank Thee that the Gospel is still moving on. And we know that His declaration of words... It said, "Unto all the world." And He said, "As soon as it was preached to all the world, then the end would be." And it's still being preached, showing that it has not gone to the end of the world yet. We thank Thee for the privilege of representing that lovely One.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Matthew 24:14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**12** Oh God, I pray tonight especially in the beginning of this meeting: Bless those men who let us have this school auditorium tonight---that the tent was tore up. Bless this school, Lord, may it prosper. We thank Thee for men who has a open heart towards the Gospel. Thank Thee for the ministers who are closing up their churches tonight and send their audience out. For all these things, Father, we're thankful. Now reward them. Grant it, Lord. And now, tonight, as I stand here speaking, saying that You're the same lovely Jesus, working in Your church today. And, may this church tonight receive as it was the disciples who came from Emmaus. There was something that You done there at Emmaus: Just broke that bread. After walking with them all day, they didn't recognize You. But right at the end of the day, You broke some bread. And the way You done it, they recognized it was You.

**13** Now, Lord, there's a many sick Christians sitting here tonight. But we pray that You'll do something tonight for us here; just like when You walked on earth in a body of flesh---the Emmanuel. May You do something in that manner tonight, Lord, that'll cause the people to recognize that You're here. Now, Father, I submit myself unto You; and I submit the church ---commit them to You---that You'll circumcise my lips, my heart, for Your service. And circumcise the ears and eyes of the people, that they might be able to have the scales dropped away, and they might see and hear. And when we all leave tonight, to go to our separate homes, may we say as they did, coming from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us, because He walked with us tonight, talked to us?" He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. For we ask it in His name, and for His glory. Amen.

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**14** [Indecipherable conversation in the background.] It's our customs in the meetings to try to do everything that we can for the needy. And I trust that God will bless you all tonight in these feeble efforts that we put forth as we're going to try to pray for the sick and the needy. Now, we'll bring the people to the platform, just as we can line them up and bring them, one by one. As I've told you before, I will not be able to heal anyone, because I have nothing to heal with. But, maybe your faith will raise up into a place that where you can accept what Jesus has done for you already. Now, every healing that will take place (no doubt, but much of it will), but every healing that will take place during this meeting, if God permits, has already been done in the sight of God. The only thing we could do is just do something to cause you ... say something, or something the Holy Spirit might do to cause you to look up and accept what Jesus has done for you. The Lord bless you.

**15** Now, (Billy, what was the...? H?) we give out prayer cards every day afresh. Brother Baxter's probably went through that and explained it all to you. Be sure to attend the afternoon service for instructions. Receive your prayer cards. You cannot have a prayer card, exchange it, and give it over to somebody that hasn't been in the meetings. It's illegal. They won't let you get ... you have to come hear the instructions, hear the Gospel, and then believe on the Lord Jesus, and come into the line, see. So now, let's begin our prayer line. Line up down this way, and bring them through this part here. Let's start with the first fifteen. From 1 to 15, line up first. That'll be just about as many, I imagine, as we can stand. That's H (Is it, son?) H1 to 15. Who has prayer card H1. Look, it's got your name and address on one side, the other side's got a number and a letter. H-1.

**16** Now, turn your prayer cards over and look at somebody near you; they may be deaf, and can't hear, and they won't know what number, or where we're calling. H-1 to 15, let that number stand first. And then, a little later, maybe we can get to some more then, all right, just as we can. Who has prayer card H-1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...? Just line up in your numbers down there, and the ushers and my son will take care of lining you up. And now, if they're not all there, then if you can't count fifteen, Brother Baxter, then let me know. There may be somebody deaf, or something, or in a chair, or somebody that cannot be moved. If they're not, and their number's called, you just raise your hand, and someone will help them to get them.

**17** All right, now opening the [unclear words] if you will, [unclear words] , if you will. Let's all, in reverence now. Now, be real reverent. And let's think of this wonderful old song, "Only Believe," now, will you? while we sing, slowly now. All right. Only believe............ Now, while they're singing, let's have a mental vision of Jesus coming down off the mountain one morning. Here comes a man with a boy with epilepsy, and it's very serious. The disciples could do nothing about it. He comes to Jesus, said, "Help, Lord." He said, "I can if ye believe." (Find out what the lady's pray card number is there. What's her number? 14. All right. Just leave her sit right along this way, Brother Knight. I can get her. Just let her sit this way, then. That's right. So I can look at her. All right.)

**18** Now, I will ask you this, brother and sister, I do not keep people long, because this is vision. And I ... it don't take many visions to just wear you down. I'm talking to you now so I won't have to later on. How many remembers the prophet Daniel who saw one vision and was troubled in his head for many days? You remember that? Now, when the Holy Spirit is dealing with people here on the platform, then you take it for yourself. Now, be perfectly reverent. Don't move around; just be reverent. (Now, Billy, I want to move this that far.) Sometimes, when visions are going on, I can't tell how loud I'm talking. (You watch me, Brother Baxter.) And that's the reason I set the mike out.

```
Daniel 7:15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.

```
**19** Now, everyone believing with all your heart now, so we can pray now? Now, there's a man standing here before me. 'Course, I've never seen this man. I guess this is our first time meeting. Is it, sir? It is. And what's your name? [The man replies, "William Bates."] Bates. That's fine. My name is Branham, sir. I'm glad to meet you. [Brother Branham speaks aside.] All right. Now, we being strangers, never seen each other in life. Well then, you've come here, no doubt, for help. If you have, I trust that God give it to you. Now, if there was anything in me, my brother, that could help you, I would be glad to say, "All right. I'll do it." Now, if the doctor had medicine, or knowed what was wrong with you, well, of course I'd be glad to... I love people, but there's nothing within me can help, see. Only, I represent someone who has all the help that you could ever... Ever get any help, it would have to come from Him. And I just stand as His representative.

**20** You heard Mr. Baxter, I guess, tonight, tell about an angel visiting me sometime ago and speaking to me about these things. Well, that's the truth, sir. And He told me that I was to pray for sick people. That was my mission in life---was to pray for sick. Now, I've questioned it and said, "I'm not educated, so the people..." But since a little child, I was called for that work. Do you believe that? Now, if our Lord Jesus, when He talked to the woman at the well, He just talked to her a little while. And then, after He talked to her, He said, "Go get me a drink." And she said ... talked about the well. Now what... He was trying to contact her spirit. Now, you're the first patient here at the platform tonight, so that's what I have to do is contact your spirit, you see. See, we're both men standing here, got to, someday, meet God, see. But, you're also a supernatural being. Inside of you is a spirit that lives somewhere forever. Well, here, too... Well, if you got a disease, Satan did that. And He sent me to pray. So these two spirits will come together. And that two spirits... It'll depend on which one you give in to. It'll either be... If you believe what you're told, it'll be right. You will get well. If you do not believe... Of course, there's nothing can do, see; this is just for a vindication.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

```
**21** But, me being a stranger to you, and talking to you, and then if the Holy Spirit would reveal to me, just like He did to Jesus, there, as He looked at the woman, exactly where her trouble was. She was living illegally, see. Well, He told her where her trouble was; it was cleared up, and it's all right. Now, if He's the same Jesus yesterday, today, and forever, He'll know right where you're trouble is. He could reveal it to me. Do you believe that? I'm happy to think that you know that. Your trouble is asthmatic. Is that right? Being that I heard you cough just now, that isn't the reason I knowed it was asthmatic. Of a morning, you're really, really in a bad condition. And now, throw that aside. I want to talk to you again, after I found your trouble. You're nervous, which that causes for prostate condition. Is that right? Getting up, and so forth, at nighttime. Is that right? And you have a habit, smoking cigarettes. Is that right? And say, by the way, you're not a Christian in the beginning---filled with God's Spirit. You need that. You need Jesus Christ as your Saviour. Is that right? Those things true? If they are, would you raise your hand. Me not knowing you... I don't know you yet, but what you heard me talking, that wasn't me, sir. That was the Angel of the Lord. There it is. Is that the truth? Well, then, if that is the truth, come here. Are you ready to accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour now? Ask Him right now to forgive you of every sin you've got, and let you live the rest of your life as a Christian. Will you do that?

**22** Bow your head. Almighty God, Author of life, Giver of every good gift, be merciful to this poor sinner man, Lord, who stands here lost, alienated from God, cut off. Here he stands tonight in Your presence, Lord, realizing that something's going on, knowing that the very God of heaven, who will carry his soul out of this world some of these days, he'd have to stand in His presence. And tonight, Lord, he accepts You Son Jesus Christ as his personal Saviour. Sick, miserable, wretched, lost. What a condition! God, be merciful now. Forgive him of every sin. And may this be a night that he'll never forget. Standing here at the platform before these people, accepting You as his Saviour, I pray that You'll drive the sickness from his body. And may he live a good long life, serving You well. Grant it. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. You accept Him now as your Saviour. You are a Christian now. Now, go and sin no more. God will heal you. God bless you.

**23** Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Come, lady. How do you do? Do you have your prayer card? Oh, you have just a prayer card? I thought maybe you give it to the usher. Do you believe with all your heart? What do you think if our Lord Jesus was standing here with this suit on? He wouldn't be able to do no more for you than, maybe, to reveal your life, 'cause He couldn't heal you. He's already done it, see. He'd just have to do something to get you to accept what He'd already done. Is that true? It's the only thing He could do, for He can't heal you twice. He can only heal you once. And His stripes healed you years ago when He died. You're aware that something is going on. You're wondering what it is. Now, that won't hurt you. That's the Angel of the Lord. Are you well-known here? [The lady says, "I have friends down from out of town."] Do you believe that...? You realize that something is going on, don't you? It's the Angel of the Lord, His presence. Yes. You're suffering... You've just been examined. You have a tumor. You're also worried about someone. It's a little girl---a little child. Is that right? ["That's right."] Is that right? If it is, raise up your hand. ["It's my little child."] All right. If I, by the Holy Spirit, will tell you what's wrong with that child, will you believe that God'll heal it? It has kidney trouble. Is that right? Now, do you believe that God the Father has sent His Son Christ Jesus? He sent me as His prophet? If I shall ask God, would you be healed? Will your baby get well? ["I believe."] Come.

**24** Shall we bow our head. Lord God, as this poor little trembling mother here, realizing that Satan has started now to leave that baby without a mother. Oh, Almighty God, be merciful to this girl. I pray that You'll heal her. And may her little baby ... may it get well, Lord. I send her to her child. God grant that both mother and child will be made well, for Your glory. I ask this blessing in the name of Jesus Christ the Son of God. Amen. God bless you, lady. Now, look. When you go to your child, lay your hand on your child. Say, "Lord, I thank You for healing me and my baby." And go believing. As you have believed, that's the way it'll be. God bless you.

**25** Have faith in God. Don't doubt; believe. How do you do? Do you believe with all your heart? If our Lord Jesus was here in person---He is---but, if you could see Him as you see me... He said, "A little while and the world seeth me no more, yet you'll see me. I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Do you believe that? Do you believe that I am His representative? [The sister says, "Yes, sir."] If you believe that, then that tumor will leave you. Do you believe it? ["Yes."] You have a tumor ... gland, female, woman. Is that true? Heavenly Father, I pray for our sister tonight, that Your mercies will be to her, Your glory will be upon her, and Your healing strength, through her faith, will cause this hideous demon called "tumor" to leave her. Lord God, as Your servant, I ask for mercy for this believer. Satan, in the name of Jesus the Son of God, leave the woman. Come out from her. God bless you, sister. Have faith. Go believing. If you believe with all your heart, then go [unclear word.] God bless you.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**26** How do you do? Do you live in this city? You're out of town. I'm just asking you these questions to contact you, you see, ... your spirit. And we're strangers. ["That's right."] I don't know you, but there's Someone here who does know you. He knowed you when you were born. He knowed you before you were born. Every bite-full of food you ever taken, or water, He gave it to you. He gave me mine. He knows us. Recognizing you to be a Christian, and in a serious condition. You must have help from God, or you'll be a corpse very shortly. Your soul will go to meet Him. Which, that part, you have prepared for as a Christian---a believer. But you're suffering with cancer. And that cancer is all through your body. It's in your side. It's in the colon. Is that right? Do you believe that God will heal you? ["He can."] Come here.

**27** Now, just a moment, sister. Let's correct something here. Not, "He can"; "He has... And I now accept it." Look just a moment, see. Your faith's got to move out of that, see. That's it, see. I'm trying to help you, sister, knowing that you must die (see), and leave this world right away if there isn't something done. Now, it's already done. I'm trying to move your faith up (see), trying to let you come up into a space where you can be healed, because you realize your condition. You must have help, see. And when you put "He can"... Just like, if you'd come to me and say, "Brother Branham, "I know you could loan me five dollars. I'm greatly in need. I'm starving and have no supper. You could give me five dollars. You're worth it. You could give me five dollars, if you'd just do it." That would [unclear words] . It's not His ability that's questioned. We do not question His ability. It's what He has done, and His willingness to help you. And look what He's done. He sent the preaching the Gospel, He sent His Spirit. Isn't that right? That's right.

**28** Here, for instance, sister, your life hasn't been a flowerbed of ease anyhow. There's been a lot of sorrow, a lot of trouble. You was praying the other day about this very same thing. You said if it come, and you got a place to come in here, that you believed God would heal you. Is that true? That's what's your prayer. Is that right? ["That's right."] All right. Now. Lord Jesus, Son of God, have mercy on this dying woman, Father. And as Your representative standing here in Your presence, I ask for her healing. Now you said, "They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." Lord, doctors has done all they know how to do. But He can hide from the doctors, but he can't hide from You. You are God. You've exposed him right here at the platform. And in the name of Jesus Christ, may he leave the woman, come out of her. May she be well, and serve God, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go happy, rejoicing, now. [Unclear words] . All right.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**29** How do you do, sister. You believe? All your heart? Oh, my! You must believe. There's a dark shadow hangs near you, which means death, cancer. Is that right? You haven't much longer to stay unless God'll help you. Is your faith up there now? You believe right now. Now, look. Just that what you feel right now, if you'll accept that to be God's Spirit, you shall have what you asked for. Will you do it? Lord Jesus, confirm Your Word, as I lay hands on this woman and ask for her healing in the name of Jesus Christ the Son of God. Amen. Cursed be the cancer that binds this woman's body. And as God's church, and His believing children, and representing the Lord Jesus (Satan, you know all about this), testifying of a divine gift, ministered by an angel in a few moments after birth, I say in the name of Jesus Christ, leave the woman. Amen. God bless you, lady. Now, go rejoicing. Go happy. Be happy.

**30** [Brother Branham speaks aside.] It's a sweet one. Looks like it's quite young; has something [unclear words] . ' Course, the baby can't talk. I want you to look at me. I want to talk to you just a minute. What do you think about Jesus Christ? [The lady says, "I just want to give praise to His name."] Yes. The only One that you could. Do you believe that these things that are now taking place in the world today, through this great hour of darkness...? Do you believe that His vindication of His being here on earth, that His Spirit is with us? He takes His man, but never His Spirit. See, He taken Elijah, Elisha took his place. And eight hundred years later, John the Baptist came right out of the wilderness with the spirit of Elijah on him, see. See what I mean? Satan takes his man, but never his spirit. It comes right down into religious persecutors, and so forth. Is that true? Your baby has asthmatic. Is that right? ["Sure is."] Is that true? ["It sure is."] If I shall lay hands on the baby, as God's servant, while all these Christians are praying; and if I'm telling the truth... God's testifying it's true. I've seen the baby. It has an awful condition. Do you believe the baby will get well? All right. I seen you holding your baby when it was having those choking spells.

**31** Almighty God, they brought to You infants that You might put Your hands upon them and bless them. Mothers brought their children. If You were here in Tallahassee in a body of flesh tonight, walking around as You was in the days gone by, I believe the mother's faith would bring the baby right to You; and You'd lay Your wonderful, holy hands upon the child; it would get well. You'd stand as You have, tell the mother what the condition of the baby was, and searching down through her life, seeing that she was a believer; her sins confessed and under the blood. Then I pray Thee, God, to be merciful to her child. And realizing that my hands is a poor representative of Yours, but I pray Thee, God, be merciful. As I lay hands upon the baby, according to the last words that You said when You left the earth: "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay hands on the sick," You said, "they shall recover." Now, in obedience to that commandment, this innocent baby, who cannot have faith, I lay hands upon it, and say to this condition ---asthmatic---causing this poor little thing to cough and hold its breath, and choke: "Satan, heartless demon, some day in a endless hell, you'll be punished for the evil you do. I adjure thee now, as I represent our Lord and His death at Calvary, that you leave this baby. Come out, so the baby can live and be well. I adjure thee through Jesus the Son of God, whose blood was shed at Calvary freely, and spoiled all powers and hopes that you ever had. You have no legal rights to hold this baby any longer. Come out of it, through Jesus Christ's name. Now, mother, take your baby. Don't worry, only believe.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**32** Are you believing out there? Don't move too much, see. It interrupts. When a visions going on here, and you do something out there---move a little---see, well then, that interrupts here, you see. It makes it hard here. See, the Spirit is moving. Now, I want you to rejoice. I want you to be glad, happy. But first, I want you to receive God, believe Him, and then, after you're healed, then be happy. See what I mean? Do you believe that, lady, that's laying on that pillow? Do you believe me to be His servant---His prophet? You don't have to have any card to be up here in the line. The only thing you have to do is just believe. Now, I couldn't heal you, but you couldn't hide your life from me, see. If God will reveal to me, here, what your trouble is, would you accept your healing? Will you obey me as His prophet? You will. I don't know you; never seen you. But, you're suffering with rheumatic fever. Is that right? If it is, raise your hand. Now, do you believe? Then go home and be well, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Glory to God!

**33** Do you believe? Would you like to get over that kidney trouble, sir, sitting here? If you would, you can have it. You can get over it, if you'll just believe it. Have faith in God. That's right. You want to get over your heart trouble, sir. You want to go home and be well? You believe that you will get over it now? Had that for quite a while. Is that right? If that's right, raise your hand. All right. You believe that you're healed now by the stripes of Jesus Christ. Go, and the peace of God be upon you, my [unclear word] . Do you believe everywhere around? Do you believe, out in the audience, there? All of you believe, all over the audience with one accord? Our Heavenly Father is just keep moving through the audience. But, if every one of you wants to be well right now, you can be well. Do you believe that's the truth? How many believes it's truth? Raise your hand. Well, why not all of you be made well? All of you at one time? Why don't you do this for me? Do you believe me, now? Do you believe that the Angel of the Lord sent me to pray for you? All right. How many sick people's in here? Raise your hand. All over the building, raise your hands. Now, everyone look at your neighbor sitting next to you that's sick, that's got his hand up. Now, lay your hands over on one another. Lay your hands over on one another. That's right. Now, that's right. All right. Yeah. Lay your hands on the lady there with the arthritis.

**34** Lay your hands on the baby. Some Christian believer, come lay their hands on the young man sitting there; he's crippled. Will you? All right. Now, let's everyone bow our heads, reverently, real reverent. I want you to think this in your mind, now, real reverent. I want you to repeat this prayer. You pray it; I'll repeat it. You pray it, I'll just transfer the words that it takes to defeat Satan, right to your lips, and then you believe your confession. Now, you that's sick, repeat this with me: Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life, Giver of all good gifts; I, Your servant, confess my sins. And I believe that through the merits of Thy Son Jesus, I am forgiven of my sins. I am sick in body. I need Your help. Give me faith just now to believe Your Word, and to believe these things which I have seen tonight, that reproduces Your life again. As it was yesterday, so is it today. And now, Lord, upon this confession, I accept my healing. And I believe from this night, henceforth, I shall be well. I commit myself to You, in the name of Jesus Christ.

**35** Now, let everyone sit real quiet. Keep your heads bowed, keep in prayer. Now, the Holy Spirit is near you. The Angel of the Lord knows all things. He's over this audience at this time. He's like a cloud that hangs over you. Just beginning to believe: "Now, Lord, I receive my healing. I believe that You're healing me now, because that You promised it. Upon Your promise, I believe it. Now, I'm going to ask God to give me strength to make that doubting ... evil spirit that would make you doubt or be confused, and take that superstition away from you, that you might see the God of glory. I'm going to ask it to leave you, right now. And as it leaves you, you accept your healing, see. You've accepted it, now believe it. And I'm going to pray, now. This is my part. You've made your confession. It's on your lips. He's got to make good what you've confessed now. See, you've accepted it like your Saviour, you've accepted Him as your healer. Now believe it. Now, I want to pray and break that spirit of doubt over the building, so from this night, henceforth, we can have a real old-fashioned meeting.

**36** Heavenly Father, I come to Thee for these dear people that's now suffering all over this building. And as it was from the road of Emmaus... We seen when You walked here on earth, You knowed where there was a fish that had a coin in his mouth. You sent the Apostles to get the coin from the fish's mouth. You knowed where there was two mules tied, that never a man had sat on. Oh, God, You knew where the woman was that had the five husbands. And when Philip came and found Nathanael, You told him that You knew where he was before he came to the meeting. He was under a fig tree. And You said that what You did then, we should do also. And we believe You. And, Lord, it is that day, and Thou has now brought back the blessings of the former church into the last church in a marvelous and blessed way. And we thank Thee, dear God, for these wonderful things. And as Your children are sitting here tonight, with their hands on each other, knowing that beyond one shadow of doubt, that the Holy...

```
Matthew 17:27 Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.

Matthew 21:2 Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.
```
