---
Date: 1953-05-07
Title: Expectations
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: the Bible Hour Tabernacle in Jonesboro, Arkansas, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 22 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Expectations



**1** Thank you, Brother Reed. Good evening, friends. It's always a privilege to be in the house of the Lord to serve God and to minister to His people, those who are needy. I was a little sorry to be late, but my son come after me, but a train held us up almost fifteen minutes, just down the street here, and we couldn't around no other way, and so we just had to sit there and wait till it was over. And so, Brother Reed said he knew what I meant. I think he had some experience just the last few days with the same thing. But it's always a privilege to be here in the house of God. So we will try not to take no more of your time than possible.

**2** Last night we were teaching a little about the character, and what type of a person... If you were looking for the Lord Jesus, what type of person you would be looking for, what He would look like, what His Spirit would be. And we typed it through the Scripture, to see just what He was, and what His ministry was, how it acted, and how He acted. And then if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, it acts the same today. And we find out that it does, doesn't it? Just the same Lord Jesus. He didn't claim to be any great person. He said He did nothing but what the Father showed Him. And when the Father showed Him anything, why, He did it. Though He knowed the people's thoughts, what they were thinking, what they were doing, what was wrong with them. But He only done His miracles as God permitted. And if you notice, everywhere, it was always what the Father told Him. Now there was some fellows ... two blind men, one time, come through the streets. They were trying for ... to get Him to heal them. So, He just passed on through, went into the house, and they brought the blind man in the house. And He turned to them and touched their eyes and said, "According to your faith, be it unto you." Your faith. He had had no vision. For He said that He only did just what the Father showed Him. Saint John 5:19 said, "What the Father shows Me, that I do. I do nothing except He shows Me." Said, "The Father worketh and I worketh hitherto."

```
Matthew 9:28 And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**3** And we notice Him as He passed through the pool of Bethesda where all those crippled and mixed people were laying there. And He never touched any of them, walked right by every one of them. Blind, halt, lame, waiting. Walked over to a man laying on a pallet, and told him that He knew he had been laying in this state for thirty-eight years, and He told him, take up his pallet and go home. Then He was questioned. Could you imagine Him passing by all those crippled people to one man that had just been sick for thirty-eight years? But the only way He could do that, was because the Father had just showed Him that one; that's all He could do. And then, the woman, one time, touched the hem of His garment, and He turned around, and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Thy faith!

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

```
**4** Now, if our Lord Jesus was here tonight in a body of flesh, wearing clothes like we wear, He would do just what the Father would show Him to do. God was in Him, made Him Emmanuel. And whatever God would speak ... or, reveal to Him, that He would know. But now, when it come to the people, when He begin to speak to the people, and talk to them a little while, He perceived their thoughts, what they were thinking and what was the matter. First He'd come in contact with them. Like the woman at the well, He said, "Bring Me a drink," just in order to catch her spirit. See, we're human. And we are supernatural, also. Every person in here is a supernatural being. And in your body dwells a spirit, and that spirit is either of God or it's not of God. And now, that's the part that we have to deal with. And now, gifts and callings, of course, are without repentance. God foreordains things to be. Do you believe that? See, God does that.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**5** Now, it's nothing that you can do. For instance, if I decided I wanted to have brown eyes, wouldn't do me no good, because God gave me blue eyes. I just have to be satisfied with blue eyes. "Who taking thought can add one cubit to his statute," see? No one. But, if you want to kind of get an inside of view of it before the meetings get into the press, then Brother Reed will do the speaking from then on, then, here it is. Now, did you ever... There's many people ... most every normal person, as a general run, dreams dreams. Well, now God can deal in dreams if there's an interpreter. He has done it. It's not too accurate, unless there be an interpreter of the dream. But, we're taught as scientifically that dreams are your subconscious.

```
Matthew 6:27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?

Luke 12:25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?

```
**6** Now, let's notice. Just look this way a moment. Now here's a man in his first normal conscience. And here is his subconscience, about this far from him. Well, now when this conscience becomes inactive, he goes over here and dreams a dream. And many times he dreams of things that he did when he was in this conscious. And when this conscience is inactive in this, and he wakes up, he remembers what he dreamed about. How many ever dreamed a dream years ago, and still remember what you dreamed about? Well, many of you. Sure. Then they were some part of you, somewhere that still bears here in the natural conscience. You see it? Notice. Now, there is people that doesn't dream at all. Now, let's see their subconscience probably would be back, say, to that wall. They sleep very sound. You can't disturb them, can hardly... An anesthetic would never give his subconscience back to him. He can't help that. He can't help because he doesn't dream; neither can this man help because he dreams. And if you say you dreamed a dream. Well, I'd say, "Dream me a dream." Well, you couldn't do it if you had to. And neither could I say anything unless God would tell me, see. It all goes to the glory of God.

**7** Now, a seer... Now, this man here, he was born to dream dreams. That man was born ... God fixed him so he didn't have to dream dreams. Now, a seer, or prophet, his subconscience is neither back there, neither is it here; it's right here. Both of them are together. He doesn't go to sleep. He just breaks from one into another. Not at his will, but at God's will. God breaks it. For instance, if somebody would stand here, I never seen them, never knowed them. Now, if there's anything that would have to be known about that person, it would have to come from a supernatural standpoint. It'd have to break in.

**8** Now, we found out last night in the study of the Scripture, that Jesus, when He was here, why, they seen He knew the secrets of their hearts; He'd tell them things. And they said, "Why, He's a fortuneteller, Beelzebub, the chief of the devils." But whoever heard of a fortuneteller or man of God, going out and preaching the Gospel and healing the sick, and doing things like that? "By their fruits you shall know them." He was the Son of God. And the devil has a bogus off of every real thing that God has made. God made a real Christian and here's a hypocrite acts just exactly like a real Christian, only he's not. Well, that doesn't say there's no such a thing as a real Christian. But see, the Devil has a counterfeit, all along. Well, now instead of somebody sanely sitting down and reasoning that with the Scriptures... Now, the only one proof... If you want to watch the difference between the fortuneteller, or the supposed-to-be... Recently many of you read the article that was written in the Reader's Digest just recently of my meetings, November's issue, of the miracle of Donny Martin. And I went on to say... And just before that, the article of that Mrs. Pepper.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

```
**9** Now, the only way to tell the real... If I gave you a dollar and said "Is this a good dollar?" If you know anything about money, the first thing you'll take and feel it, to see the value of it. A real dollar is not a paper. It's silk. It's not exactly... It's got paper in it, but it's not altogether paper. Now, you have to watch the value of it. Now, if you want to see whether it comes from God or not, watch the value of it; see what it does. You never seen none of them devil-possessed people out there ever preaching the Gospel and healing the sick and preaching the second coming and speaking of God. It's all foolishness, some tommyrot or something about something you've lost, or some dead person that's died, or something on that order. No value to it. And then the real way, if you want to find out whether it's a real dollar or not, take it back to the mint. And take the serial number off of it, and if the serial number on it corresponds with the serial number that's there at the mint, there's a silver dollar laying there to take its place.

**10** And that's the way: Always take these things back to the Scripture. There's the mint. And if the Scripture spoke of it... Jesus Christ said, "The things that I do shall you also. Greater things than this," or, more. You couldn't be greater. It'd have to be greater in quantity, not in quality because He stopped nature and interfered nature, raised the dead, things that just... Nothing else could be greater done. But He said, "More than this will you do," or, greater, "for I go to My Father." Is that right? "Yet a little while and the world seeth Me no more. Yet, you will see Me, for I will be with you even in you to the end of the age." "The same yesterday, today, and forever."

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**11** Not strange then that His Spirit would be misunderstood by ecclesiastics of the day, if it was in that day. But He's doing it just the same. For His Spirit is here, and His Word must be fulfilled. God is going to fulfill His Word. How marvelous! I wish to read a little Scripture here in the second chapter of Luke, twenty-fifth verse. And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; ... the same ... was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: the Holy Ghost was on him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he would not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ. And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought the child Jesus, to do ... after the custom of the law, Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, Lord, now let thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word: For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

```
Luke 2:25 And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.

Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

Luke 2:27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,

Luke 2:28 Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,

Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

Luke 2:30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation,

```
**12** Let us bow our heads a moment. Our Heavenly Father, thank Thee for Thy Word and may Thy Word become a living reality here tonight. The Word dwelling in our flesh. Every word of God is a seed. And every seed sown correctly in the right kind of ground will bring forth just exactly what it's supposed to. Corn will bring corn, wheat will bring wheat. And every divine promise of God will bring forth what it promised. May the seed fall in good fertile ground, and bring forth a hundred fold, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**13** How the Lord is planting His Word! That's first of all is God's eternal Word. And I want to say this, while you're here seeking out God for your salvation and for your healing, that everything that God can do for you, He has already done it. Every sin is forgiven. Every sickness is healed. The only thing you have to do is to look to Calvary and accept what God has already done for you. There it is. It's already finished. Jesus said at Calvary, "It is finished." Then if I was saved, I'd say, "I got saved twenty years ago." No, I was saved nineteen hundred years ago. I just accepted it twenty years ago. God... There when Christ died, He paid the penalty of both sin and sickness. And sickness is an attribute of sin, and sin is unbelief. Let that soak just a minute.

```
John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.

```
**14** Now here it is, get it. Sickness ... I mean, sin is unbelief. "He that believeth not is condemned already." Because you steal, lie, smoke, drink, commit adultery, that isn't sin. That's the attributes of sin. You do that because you don't believe. And you are true, and honest, and just, and upright, and holy, and respectable, not because that isn't Christianity. You do that... That's just the fruits of Christianity because you believe. It's the attributes of your faith in Christ Jesus, and your birth as His Son. Amen. See, a good tree can't bring forth corrupt fruit. A corrupt tree can bring forth ... can't bring forth good fruit. "By their fruits you shall know them." Now, if the Holy Spirit comes into this building tonight, and would declare His Word to be the truth, and you go out disbelieving it, you'd be a sinner. If God tells you what your life has been, and what it will be, and if you know what has been is the truth, and tell you what will be, if you go disbelieve it, worse things than this will come upon you. "Go ye and sin no more."

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

John 3:18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

John 5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

```
**15** Now, sin don't mean go out and drink and carry on again. "Go ye and disbelieve no more." Amen. There you are. You know what I find the greatest trouble with the Pentecostal church today is? Positionally they don't know what they are. You're sons and daughters of God. And a lot of times you're looking for something great to come, but you already got that: the greatest can be given you. "Now we are the sons of God." Not we will be; we are now. And we're seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Right now. Oh, my! When faith like that gets in the church, the devil moves away from the place. For now you have the...

```
John 8:11 She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.

1 John 3:2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

```
**16** Satan hasn't got any legal rights at all over a Christian. Every time a man gets saved, God just writes out a whole big bunch of checks like that, and puts his name at the bottom, said, "Here they are. Fill them out." Are you scared of it? Fill it out. "Whatever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive it; it'll be given to you." Mark 11:24. Just believe it. And every word of God is a seed that will bring forth ... it will bring forth what it's purposed for. I see many of you down here raising cotton, apples, peaches, fruits. When that little apple tree is no bigger than that right there, every apple that'll ever be in that tree is in it right then. Dozens of bushels of apples is in that little tree, right then. Why, you say, "Brother Branham, no, no." Well, where do they come from if they're not? They're in the tree right then.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**17** Now, the only thing, the little tree ... you stick it in the ground, plant it, and it has to grow. It has to draw the moisture from the ground, and it has to draw more than what its allotted portion is. You have to give it plenty of water. And when you give it water, it just drinks, and drinks, and drinks till it can't hardly drink no more. It starts pushing out. And it pushes out limbs, pushes out leaves, pushes out blossoms, pushes out apples. The apples was on the inside of it at the beginning. And it just has to drink. And every man that's born again in Christ Jesus... Everything you have need of, your healing... Satan will afflict you, sure he will. But everything that you have need of in the whole life's journey is in you right then. And we are planted in Christ Jesus. You see what I mean?

**18** When you are born again and the baptism of the Holy Spirit has come into your heart, you have everything that you have need of for the journey. Now, the only thing you have to do is start drinking, drinking, pushing out, drinking and pushing out. I believe He hears my analysis of Christ Jesus. He's the inexhaustible fountain of life. And every man that's planted in Him can drink, and drink and push out, and push out to every redemptive blessing that God has promised belongs to you and it's your personal property. And the devil hasn't got any tie to it at all. He hasn't got any legal rights. His legal rights was spoiled at Calvary. My, I can see Him when He died there and walked down at Calvary, down through the stair steps are He passed by those souls that were in prison, that repented not in the days of Noah. Knocked at the door and said, "You should have heard the message of the prophets."

**19** On down He went into hell, knocked at the door, and Satan opened up. Said, "Oh, so, after all, You got here, did You?" Said, "I thought I had You when I slayed Abel. I was sure I had You when I put Daniel in the lions' den, the Hebrew children in the fiery furnace." Christ was in every one of them. "Then," said, "when I beheaded John I thought I had You then. Then I thought I had You on Calvary, but now You're here." I can hear Him say, "Satan, I'm the virgin-born Son of God. My blood is still dripping from the cross yonder. I've come down to take over. You made people fear, scare them, and run them around corners and everything else, but You can't do it no more. Give Me the keys of death and hell." Took them from his side, hung them on His side, walked up through the other stair steps, knocked on the door where I can hear a shouting meeting in there. And there stood Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Sarah, Rebekah, Isaiah, Jeremiah, all the prophets. I hear Him knock at the door and say, "Who is there?" Abraham opens up the door. "Why, here's the seed of Abraham. Here's the root and offspring of David. Here's the stone that Isaiah saw cut out of the mountain without hands."

**20** He said, "Now you believe and the goats' and heifers' blood could not take away sin; it only covered it up. But My blood has divorced sin and put it away forever. We're going Home now. It's coming daylight in Jerusalem, and we've got to be moving along." I can hear Abraham say, "Lord, can we make a little whistle-stop as we go through Jerusalem? Well, I'd like to look the old city over." Amen. Some of that same noise will come in this graveyard across here, some of these days, "Shall we make a whistle-stop?" I can hear Him say, "I've got to talk over a few things with My disciples about forty days here; look around the country." And on Easter morning, when He come out of the grave, according to Matthew 27, "Many of the saints that slept in the dust of the earth, rose out of the grave and come out and appeared unto many."

```
Matthew 27:52 And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,

Matthew 27:53 And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.

Hebrews 10:4 For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.

```
**21** I can see Caiaphas say, I can see Abraham and Sarah, as young people walking down the streets, looking the old city over, and the priest say, "I seen them people somewhere." And they disappeared just like Jesus coming through that wall. The same kind of a glorified body. Yes. But, brother, on that last day, after Pentecost ... before Pentecost, when He ascended up on High, as He went up, the Bible said, He went with them. He went up and they went with Him. I can see Him going on above the moon, the stars; Him and the Old Testament saints going into the presence of God. When they get way out there somewhere, millions of miles beyond where any scope could ever see, way in there, it come close to the city. I can hear the Old Testament saints when they see the city say, "Lift up ye everlasting gates, and be ye lifted up. Let the King of Glory come in." I can hear an angelic choir back over there when I said, "Who is this King of Glory?" "The Lord of hosts, mighty in battle. Lift up the gates."

```
Psalm 24:7 Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.

Psalm 24:8 Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle.

Psalm 24:9 Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.

Psalm 24:10 Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah.

```
**22** I can see the Angels press the button, the big gates fly loose, and Jesus that Conqueror who led captivity captive and gave gifts unto men, walking down through the streets of Jerusalem with the Old Testament saints, right down to the throne of God. Said, "Here they are! They was faithful! Here they are! I've went down and redeemed them." I can hear Him say, "Climb up here and sit on this throne, till I make every enemy your footstool. I got to send You back again some day." Hallelujah! I believe it, brother. He is the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. There He is, the lovely One. The things that He did here while He was on earth, He gave all the power back to His church, and the church fails to recognize that.

```
Psalm 110:1 A Psalm of David. The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.

Matthew 22:44 The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?

Mark 12:36 For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool.

Luke 20:42 And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,

Luke 20:43 Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.

John 1:29 The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.

Ephesians 4:8 Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.

Hebrews 1:13 But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?

```
**23** I said I found two classes of people listening, on my third time around the world, since I've been here. And I find two classes of people. One of them is the fundamentalists; the other one is the Pentecostal. And the fundamentalists positionally know their place. But they haven't got much faith with it. And the Pentecostal has got plenty of faith, but don't know who they are. It's just like a man has got a lot of money in the bank and don't know how to write a check, and the next man can write a check and ain't got no money in the bank. If you can ever get them together, you have it. If they'd only realize who you are. You're sons and daughters of God, heirs of the kingdom. Right now, we are kings. Claim your legal rights. Don't let Satan press anything on you. He's got no rights to hold it.

**24** Everybody is always looking at their symptoms. The pastor will pray for them; they go around and say, "Well, I don't seem to be any better." Well, that's not healing. Symptoms is the worst thing; that's one of the greatest scarecrows the devil's got. Symptoms don't have nothing to do with it. It's because God said so. My! If there's anybody ever had a case of symptoms, it was Jonah. He ought to had symptoms: backslid, hands tied behind him, in the belly of a whale, about a mile deep in the ocean, a stormy sea, sea weeds wrapped around his neck. Talk about symptoms! He looked this way, it was whale's belly. He looked that way it was whale's belly. Everywhere he looked was whale's belly. But he said, "They're lying vanities." Right. "He said, "I won't look at these whale's belly any more, but once more will I look to Your holy temple, Lord." Depends on what you're looking at. If you're looking at your symptoms, they'll be there. If you look to God's Word, symptoms will have to vanish. Why did Jonah do that? Is because that he knowed that when Solomon dedicated that temple, he said, "Lord, if Thy children be in trouble any place, and will look towards this holy place and pray, then you'll hear from Heaven."

```
Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

```
**25** And he believed that God heard Solomon's prayer. And if Jonah under those circumstances could believe that God heard Solomon's prayer, how much more ought we, when we look once more to Thy holy temple, where Jesus sits at the right hand of the Majesty in Heaven, with a bleeding... His Own body as a sacrifice. "Once more will I look to Thy holy temple, Lord." Yes, sir. God kept him alive for three days and nights, and delivered him over in Nineveh where he belonged. Notice, how marvelous! Symptoms is just like... In the morning, some of you women here, what if the postal man in the morning, or, say, the railroad express agent would come up to your house and say, "Miss John Doe?" "Yes." "I have something here was sent to you." And you look at it. And you say, "What is that?" You look into it, it's a big box. And in there's a big box of rattlesnakes. "Why," you say, "I don't want those things." "But they're yours. Somebody sent them to you." "Well," you say, "I don't want them."

```
Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

```
**26** "But now, Miss Doe, here's your name on it. Somebody sent them to you; they're yours." And he'll do everything he can to make you take them. Now, in one sense, they're yours; in another sense, they're not. They're not yours till you sign for them. But if you refuse to sign for them, he has to take them back to express agent; he has to send them back to the one that sent them. Don't you sign for nothing the devil brought; refuse to have it. Don't have it. No, sir. The devil put that affliction ... the devil put that disease there. Just refuse to see it. Just say, "No, sir. I won't sign. I won't testify for nothing you said. I will testify, "By His stripes I am healed." Brother, he'll take it back.

**27** "Oh," you say, "yeah, but I know. But here it is." Oh, sure, the snakes are there, too. Your name is penned onto it. He might have marked you for a death with a cancer, with anything else. But refuse to see it. No, sir. "By His stripes I'm healed." Testify means "say the same thing." If I testify in court, something another, I got the say the thing that I seen. And testify means "say the same thing God said." And I've got to say what He says. He said, "By His stripes I'm healed." I believe it. Amen. And I'll tell you... Listen to this, children. The Word of God will defeat Satan anywhere, any place, on any conditions, anytime. When Jesus was here, He was God. God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself; but He never used any of His gifts. When He met Satan, He brought the kingdom of God so low, till the weakest of Christian can use it. When Satan come to Him and said, "If Thou be the Son of God, command these stones..." He said, "It is written." The Word! He took Him up, tried to whitewash the Word for Him. And Jesus said, "And it is also written." He took Him up to the top of the mountain, said, "Look at all these kingdoms. I'll give them to you if You'll worship me." He said, "It is written." There it is!

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Matthew 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Luke 4:5 And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

Luke 4:6 And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

Luke 4:7 If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

1 Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

```
**28** And it is written, "Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive it, you shall have it." And defeat Satan with the Word of God. You say, "It's written! God promised me. I go to church, and the pastor anointed me with oil and prayed for me. I was prayed for." That's exactly what God said would happen. And it is written... Just go right on refuse to have it. God will bring it to pass. Now, in the days... A moment before the reading ... or, closing here, a little service. Then we're going to have the prayer. Look at the days now when Simeon, just before the coming of the Lord; it was just about like a day like this. Cold, indifferent. We're talking about America has got a great revival. I don't know where it's at. I've never seen it yet.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**29** A certain evangelist, well known, passed through the country here not long ago, had a six weeks revival, and claimed he had twenty thousand converts, in a six weeks revival. In about another two months, they went back, and couldn't find twenty. You know what's the matter? They're just asking them to stand up and accept Christ as personal Saviour, and letting it go at that. Brother, you've got to born again. You've got to have something supernatural to happen. Theology is all right, and psychology is all right, but it won't take the place of the power of God. Jesus said, "In the last days, they'd have a form of godliness, preach the blood and everything else, but would deny the power thereof; from such turn away." We're living in that day. Simeon, old, about eighty years old, fine reputation. Certainly was an old sage, and a renowned man. He had a fine reputation among the people. And now he said the Holy Ghost promised him that he wasn't going to see death until he seen the Lord's Christ. Good reason to testify about it, isn't it? So he goes out and begins to tell all of his brethren that he wasn't going to die till he seen the Christ. Could you imagine? Some of them said, "Look! Poor old Simeon. That man is about cracked up sure enough, because the old fellow has lost his mind. Why, look we've looked for Christ for four thousand years, and look what kind of a condition we're in now. You think Christ would come now?"

```
Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**30** But he said, "The Holy Ghost told me so." So he believed it. And he wasn't ashamed of it. And he goes and tells people that he wasn't going to die until he seen the Holy Child. Well, that news didn't scatter then like it does now. They didn't have the radio and press. So, after a while there was some magi saw a star come across the skies. There wasn't one observatory saw it. The stargazers who were standing out looking for stars, and that star passed right over every one of them, and not one of them saw it. Why? They wasn't expecting to see it. But these men had listened to Balaam's prophecy that there would be a star of Jacob rise, and they were looking for it. Hallelujah! You usually get what you expect. You come to criticize the meeting, the devil will show you something to criticize. You coming to get healed, God will see that you get it. You usually get what you expect. Yes, say, "I was expecting this, and I was expecting that." What you expect God will see that you get, He'll usually [unclear words] . These magi were expecting that star; they were watching for it. And when they saw it come, they followed it. It went right over every one of them people and they never saw it. A few shepherds out on the hill was herding their sheep. When Jesus was born, they came into the city. And Angels sang, because there's always singing at the birth of a King. And the angelic beings reached over the banisters of Heaven and sang of the glory of God, "Peace on earth and good will to men."

```
Numbers 24:17 I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.

Luke 2:14 Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.

Luke 2:26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.

```
**31** Then into the city they went. There wasn't very much them days, excitement, only amongst the common people, that they was looking to see what would take place. Then, let's notice what taken place again then. Let's take eight days. It was the custom then of the Jewish ceremony that the child should come and be circumcised and the mother would have to offer a sacrifice for purification. A rich man, a rich child could offer a lamb. A peasant offering was two turtledoves. Let's get a little drama for a moment. It's Monday morning. The eight days. There's probably about two million Jews then in Palestine, so I suppose there would be at least a hundred and fifty, two hundred women every morning, standing for the circumcision of their babies, and the purification for themselves. Let's look down along that long line of women this morning, many hundreds around the temple. And I look, standing way down there, along... Some of them holding a little lamb, as they're leading up for their time for their baby. Their little babies wrapped in pink and blue, and so forth, coming up along the line, silk needlework. But I see standing down there, a little woman; puts me in mind of the Holy Ghost church, just a little despised. She had kind of a black name. A little virgin stood there, about seventeen years old, engaged to a man. And she had a baby in her arms. Some of them say, pointing their finger to her, "Look at the baby. It isn't wrapped in fine needle cloth, but it has got swaddling cloth wrapped around it." That's what they take off the back of a yoke of an ox when they plow. There is nothing in the stable to wrap it in, so they just took that off and wrapped it.

```
Luke 2:24 And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.

```
**32** I imagine holding two turtledoves, a peasant's offering. Well, what was wrapped in swaddling cloth? The King of kings, the Lord of lords. The rest of them stood their space. They didn't want to get near there. They were too good. That's about the way the people feel today. Way back over in a prayer room there was an old priest sitting there, by the name of Simeon. The Holy Ghost had promised him he was going to see Him. I see him reading the scrolls, Isaiah 9 and 6: "Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given." About that time the Holy Ghost said, "Stand up, Simeon." If the Holy Ghost has promised, the Holy Ghost will lead. Simeon stood up, said, "Yes, Lord."

```
Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.

```
**33** Said, "Start walking!" Here he goes. He don't know where he's going; the Holy Ghost is leading him. You believe in being lead by the Holy Ghost? Out through the temple he went, mingling along these people. Goes up to this line of women, walks down the line--led by the Holy Spirit--stopped in front of this little despised woman. Looked up into her face, took that baby out of his arms, wrapped in swaddling cloth, the tears running off his beard. Said, "Lord, let Thy servant depart in peace, according to Thy Word, for my eyes have seen Your salvation." The Holy Ghost led him. Notice. Way over in the corner, sitting there, which didn't leave day nor night, was an old blind prophetess, Anna. She couldn't read, but she stayed in the temple and prayed. She was looking for the consolation of Israel; blind, we're taught.

```
Luke 2:29 Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:

Luke 2:36 And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;

Luke 2:37 And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.

Luke 2:38 And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.

```
**34** The Holy Ghost said, "Anna, stand!" Here stands this blind prophetess. Here she comes winding her way through the crowd. Blind! Led by the Spirit, moving along. Directly, she comes right straight to where Simeon is standing, lifted up her hands, and blessed God. Led by the Holy Spirit. There's no two Holy Spirits. There's only One. And the same reason that you're here tonight, you sick people, the same Holy Ghost that led Simeon, the same Holy Ghost that led Anna, has led you here, for you believe that there's a fountain open somewhere for healing. It's here. God moving among His people, believing. I remember when Florence Nightingale, when we landed in London, England. I was in Houston when I got her picture. You see it in the book there. Florence Nightingale... Her grandmother founded the Red Cross. She sent many letters and three or four airplane tickets to fly to Durban, South Africa; nothing but a skeleton. Cancer on the duodenum of the stomach. All the best surgeons throughout the lands couldn't touch her. It was growed plumb over ... covered her stomach over. She had cried and begged. And I committed it to the Lord. Said, "Lord, if You will just heal her, I'll go down there some day."

**35** I went over to England. I was going there... The king had sent me a cablegram, to come pray for his multiple sclerosis, after Mr. Lehman at Fort Wayne had been healed. I told him, "I only could pray and do what the Lord would say do." Mr. Lehman was sitting in the meeting, bed patient for ten years. I looked out there and seen a vision of him, walking. I said, I said, "Sir, the Lord Jesus has made you whole. Stand up!" And a man that had been a bed patient for ten years walked down through the building. He was a friend of King George's private secretary. I got his seal and his letter, and everything. Second day he played eighteen holes of golf, after he couldn't stand up the next day five minutes at a time. Amazing grace how sweet the sound! Look! I heard him paged down there at the international airport. I went in there, and Mr. Baxter, one of the managers went in, while the rest of us was going on. And said, "Florence Nightingale has just flew in a few minutes ahead." Said, "She's dying out here in a plane." While there was thousands of people had gathered there, I couldn't even get near the place. I told that Anglican minister, I said, "Take her to your parsonage. I'm going down to Westminster Abbey. And after that, I'm going over to Buckingham Palace. I'll be to see you." And I didn't get to see her till the next morning.

**36** And they come and got me, and I went into her room. And, Christian friends, if you would have ever seen that sight: a woman almost about five foot, ten inches tall, laying there. When I went in, she couldn't move; she was laying like that. Her doctor was there and two nurses, several of the ministers, the Anglican ministers. She was saying something with her lips. I couldn't hear her. She wanted to shake my hand, so the nurse picked up her hand and laid it in mine. Just like touching that; it was just bones. Georgie Carter, at Milltown, Indiana, was the skinniest girl I ever saw; she weighed thirty pounds when she was healed. She is my piano player there now, by a vision.

**37** I looked at her. What a feeling! A mortal being like some of us here tonight--we are, all--and holding her hand. So, she was trying to say something else. The nurse got down to say what she'd say. She said, "I want Brother Branham to see my body." And they pulled the sheet down. I'm in a mixed audience; you listen to your doctor, so I'm your brother. But as a woman in the breast here had dropped plumb through her ribs. And in here, her stomach was about that flat. The cancer had eat her so, until the ring in her hip ... the skin was sticking together through the ring of the hip. Her legs was about that big around; couldn't move. The veins had collapsed. She said to the nurse to tell me, "Ask him to have God to let me die." She couldn't die.

**38** And I looked. Knowing that square head there, where all the flesh was off, just the skull. Tears was coming out of her eyes. I wondered where there was enough moisture to make those tears. I couldn't ask her. The nurse said, "Rev. Branham," said, "she's a worthy person." Said, "She has read your literature and your books, and she said while she was in Africa, if she could even get where you were at, that God would make her well." I thought, Oh, my! And there I was ... just walking around through England. I said, "Of course, I can only pray for her, but I couldn't ask God to let her die." So I said, "Will you brethren, the doctor and all of you, will you kneel for prayer?" Brother Baxter, Brother Gordon Lindsay, and many of them that you know, knelt in the room. And if any of you has been in England along in April, you know it's awful foggy there. It was upstairs in a place. The parsonage was down this... Why, the church this way, one of those big Anglican churches. And I knelt down by a window, was about that high from me. I said, "Our Father, who art in heaven." About that time something come flying through the bushes. It was a little turtledove. He sat on the edge of this window, looked right down like that, and begin to walk back and forth, up and down the window, going "Coo, coo, coo, coo." I continued to pray. The rest of the ministers stopped. When I said "Amen" in a few minutes, and raised up, the little dove took his flight and flew away. The minister said, "Did you notice that dove?"

**39** I started to say, "I seen ... or, noticed the dove," and when I started to say that, my voice changed, and said, "Thus saith the Lord, this woman will live and not die." And today she weighs a hundred and fifty-five pounds in perfect health. Why? All things are possible to them that believe. She was so hungering and thirsting and having faith, that God did not turn her down. Neither will He turn you down. There's her picture in a book, her address, testimony and so forth. That's one among the thousands. Sister Rita, I wonder if you could play: Abide With Me, for a moment. He's here tonight. Don't you believe it? Let us bow our heads a moment. Oh, life-giver, the great Jehovah-jireh, God's provided sacrifice for the sinner; great Jehovah-rapha, God's provided sacrifice for the sick; Jehovah-manasseh, our joy, our buckler our shield, come near in the person of Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit bathe this audience. We're nearing something: the ending of the age. We're responsible people for preaching the Gospel. That's all we can do. God, this little group of people gathered out here in the tabernacle tonight for the hearing of the Word. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**40** Bless Your people tonight real good. May all sin leave; that is unbelief. May there be just pure, holy, unadulterated faith throughout this entire audience. May the Holy Spirit speak healing to every sick person, peace to every wearied and troubled soul, inside and out. May God get glory out of the service for we ask it in Christ's name. Amen. Brother Reed has explained to you how we give prayer cards? That's only to keep the line in order. There's ten healed in the audience while one on the platform. I can't heal. God knows that and you know too. There's nothing in any man that could heal you. A doctor don't claim to be a healer. He only claims to assist nature. God is the healer. I've been interviewed twice by Mayo Brothers. They said, "We're not healers, Brother Branham." Said, "We only assist nature."

**41** Now, God put them here. They do their work. That's what they're supposed to do. But they can set a bone, take out a tooth, or whatever more. But that don't heal you. That only sets the bone. God has to make it grow. Pull a tooth, but who's going to heal the socket. Take out an appendix, but who will heal the tissue that's cut? God has to. Medicine doesn't build tissue; it only keeps clean while God heals. Now, as a minister, I'm only His representative to pray for you. And by a divine gift and the anointing of the Holy Spirit... You seen the picture of it in the book tonight. I wished I would have brought lots of those pictures. I got them. I just have to buy the books, and have to buy the pictures myself. They're not mine. Then I give them out to the people. And, if you could see that same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. He's here now. He's the Angel of the covenant, which was Christ Jesus. And He's here now.

**42** Well, now, He knows all things. I know nothing. But He knows you; I do not. The only people along in this building tonight that I can recognize at all, I know, is Brother and Sister Shepley sitting here--is the only one's that I can remember. I know Brother Glover, him sitting back there; I remember them. Now, as far as that, I might have seen you all before, but I guess there's not a person that I can recognize right now, at the time. But God knows every one of you; and every bite of food you've ever took, He fed you. Every drink of water you ever had, every breath you ever breathed, come from God.

**43** Now, He can stand here, and maybe if there's sin in your life, or something, that has caused you to be sick, He can reveal that. You will have to make that right. But healing will have to be your individual faith in Christ. Now, just as a preacher would preach the Gospel you would believe and be saved, so do you believe divine healing and be healed. The only legitimate way that we can give out prayer cards is give them out every day, a new group every day. That gives everybody... Maybe some was here... What if we give out all the prayer cards yesterday, and just call from them on down, Well, then the people that come in tonight couldn't have got a prayer card. But every day we give out a new group and call from some certain place, along through the prayer cards, just to get a few up here for the Holy Spirit to start anointing, then it turns to the audience. And then anybody that's in this audience... And I challenge your faith in Jesus Christ's name.

**44** If you believe that I've told you the truth on the unadulterated Word of God, you look this way tonight and say, "Brother Branham, I believe your story is the truth. And I'm trusting God that you are telling me the truth." For it looks like, friends, before millions of people and around the world, it has got to be truth. It has been tried in every fiery furnace the devil has got. If I could stand here and tell you some of the things, and see how God every time wades her through triumph, for it's His message. And I'm preaching ... or, saying to you tonight the same thing I said seven years ago when I was here, and this is the third time around the world. When I see you at the gates of glory, I'll have the same testimony. It don't vary a bit; it's the same. Only it's growing greater and greater all the time, and will until the Lord Jesus comes.

**45** Now last night we called from the first part of the cards. Let's call from about the last fifteen, about from eighty-five to a hundred, we'd say tonight, I believe that come upon there. Who has prayer card 85? Raise up your hand. Prayer card 85. [Well, maybe...Did you ... from fifty to a hundred?] Prayer card 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90 on up to a hundred. We can't get but about ten or fifteen. [Can you take fifteen? Can you hold fifteen?] All right, let from eighty-five to hundred. I think last night we only had ten. Let's try fifteen tonight, so they won't stand too much in a line. If you got someone in there... Now, you turn ... turn ... look at your neighbor and see if his prayer card has got that number on it. He might be deaf and he can't hear, you see. And he won't know his number is called. So look on your prayer card and see.

**46** Now, how many in here that hasn't got a prayer card, or would like to be prayed for, let's see your hands, that's not here. Raise up your hand. Just raise up your hand, say, "I haven't got a prayer card. And I'm not called in this number, but I, yet, want to be prayed for. Raise up your hand. Just say, "I want you to pray for me." Now, I challenge you at this. Now, let them that I called first, stand first. Maybe I can get to you in a few minutes, some of you that have prayer cards. And I see this father sitting here with this baby has got a prayer card. And now, if you come right over this way and line up down here at this side.

**47** Now, I'm going to ask everyone to be real reverent, if you will, while we're praying for the sick. Just real reverent. And now, you out there in the audience, while they're lining up, look this way. Now, if you will be reverent, and believe that I've told you the truth, and if Almighty God is here to confirm His Word, the Holy Spirit will move out in the audience there, and you will be healed right where you're sitting. Do you believe that? How many believes that, raise your hands. How many has been in previous meetings and seen what's happened in the meetings? Let's see your... Well, then you're not strangers, when you see what the Holy Spirit does. Now, let's pray now while we bow our heads.

**48** Lord Jesus, we're just near the time that when the prayer line is to come forward. I stand here, Lord, just as helpless as any man could be. Without You we can do nothing. But with You, we can do all things. And I pray Thee, Father, tonight that You will help Thou Thy servant. God be near me. I need You now. I'm representing Your beloved Son, Christ Jesus. Now, I pray that You will come near, Holy Spirit. May the Angel of God draw near now. May the audience be in so submission that He will move right out through the audience, and may there not be one feeble person left among us tonight when the service closes. God, hear the prayer of Your servant, as we pray and ask for with all of our heart, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**49** I'm going to ask this: if everywhere that you'll be real reverent during this part of the service. Now, after the service goes a few nights... It's kind of new to me ... this, because I haven't... Our staff is not here. We have a whole staff of men, Brother Bosworth, Brother Baxter, Brother Sharritt, and a whole group of us that we work together. And I just loved you people so, that I just had to drop down and say, "Hello." Brother Reed said, "If you don't preach, just come down and set along with us a while." That made me feel good to know that I still got my dear, sweet friends. Tom Merrideth, many of you might have heard him; he has been in a meeting up here. He come by the tabernacle the other day, and said, "Brother Branham, you still got thousands of friends in Arkansas." Said, "A lot of them's still healed." Was up here at this little place called Pine ... or some little place up the road here about twenty miles. It's where that man with that little girl was healed that time that was dying there in that hospital, you know, with some kind of a ... [A man says, "Walnut Ridge."] Walnut Ridge, that's what it is. Walnut Ridge. It's somewhere up in that way, he had been holding meetings.

**50** And by the way, is that man here, is that little girl here. I'd like to see her again. I don't know what his name was. ["Morgan."] Morgan, Mr. Morgan. I'd like to see the little girl again, while we're in the country. And she's from up here somewhere, I think, Walnut Ridge, wasn't that right? Walnut Ridge, yes. ["I'll tell him tomorrow."] Thank you, brother. I'd imagine she's a young lady now. I remember, going down... They called said she was dying, and I was riding in Brother Johnson's car. I seen a vision come before me, and water started running like that. I seen the little girl going down along side of the waters. And He said, "Now go tell him, 'Waters are running clear ahead.'" The third day the little girl was in school, when they was standing there pumping oxygen to her. Said, "There's no hopes." But when all hope is gone, then He is our hope. Now, if everybody be real reverent, and be in prayer. I want you to rejoice, certainly, to rejoice.

**51** But now, you just hold your faith here, see. I don't want you to get any suspicion in your mind. Just let it all go aside now, and say, "Now Lord, I'm going to sit down and believe. And I want You to speak to me out here, and speak to my heart. And help me, for I need help." And now, as I pray for the sick, the Lord Jesus bless each one of now as you sit reverently and try to be just as reverent and quiet as you can. After the patient is prayed for, if they wish to rejoice and thank God, that's wonderful. Just go right ahead. That's right. It lets you loose. And, but I want to diagnosis, you see... You see, it's under opposition. Like here's people behind me; they're spirits. Here's people here; they are spirits. Here's people out here, spirit. Here's people here, spirit. All around. Then you've got to single down. Right now, as I know the Angel of the Lord is a coming near, I can feel the pull of faith begin to start in the audience, you see. Now, you can just imagine where it's all around you. You say, "Brother Branham, what about that?" Well, Jesus took a man led him outside the city one time. When He raised Jairus' daughter, he put everybody out of the house. Peter, when he raised Dorcas, he put everybody out of the house. There's something to be alone with the individual. So it is hard.

**52** Now, a vision like here, now the man... Here, the man that's coming now, this man coming here... I never seen the man. I never seen him, don't know him, know nothing about him. And he's a stranger to me. As far as I know, I might have seen him, but wouldn't recognize him. Did you see me in the other meeting when I was here? [A man says, "Corning."] In Corning. What is your name, sir? ["Grubbs."] Grubbs. Mr. Grubbs. I'm glad to meet you, sir. The Lord bless you. Now, he's just my brother. Of course, I wouldn't remember, of the thousands of people... He said that he was in the Corning meeting, when I was at Corning, Arkansas. But now the only way that I'd ever know anything of that man, the Holy Spirit will have to come and reveal it. And then if the Holy Spirit tells him what is, in his life, and what he has done, he knows that's the truth. It'll never fail. And then if He tells him what will be... If the Holy Spirit knows what is, and he knows that's the truth, he should believe what will be, see. You have no right to doubt that. Whether he will do it or not, I do not know. It's kind of hard after preaching for that anointing to get on you just right, because preaching you're preaching under a blessing. And anointing is something that just quietens you down. There's something goes out from you, you see. It's a different anointing altogether, see. And now, if everyone will just be reverent. I want to talk to the man just enough to catch his spirit. After one or two, then it'll start, and then you just be reverent. Be in prayer wherever you're sitting. Just keep your seat and be real reverent. Be real reverent; be in prayer.

**53** I just want to talk to him like the Master did the woman at the well. Now, brother, have you lived around Arkansas here, about all your life, I suppose? Well, that's fine. [The brother speaks to Brother Branham.] Fifty years. That's a great state. Everywhere I've went in the world, nearly, I've found somebody, looked like, from Arkansas. I say this one thing. The Arkansas people, I don't say this because I'm before this microphone. The Angel of the Lord is here at this platform. But I have never found [unclear words] world any nicer and more faithful and lovely people than comes out of the state Arkansas. Because, one thing, they're not the richest people in the world. They still got the old American traits of believing God, living right. Someone told me today that this is a dry county. [Gap in the audio.] I'd like to raise my children in a place like this. That's right. God bless them.

**54** Now, you're subject... You know that's something is going on. But, now that won't hurt you, you see. Now that's just the Holy Spirit coming near here. You seen the picture of it awhile ago, that pillar of fire. Did you ever see it? A lady here has got a book. Bring me that yellow book, will you sister there, if you will? Wish I would have brought some of those pictures. How many never did see it, let's see your hand, never even seen a picture of the Angel. Here it is. This is by the American Photographer Association, hangs in the religious hall of art in New York City. The only supernatural Being that was ever taken in all the world's history. Can you see the pillar of fire? Here's George J. Lacy, the head of the FBI. There's his signed signature, that was a supernatural Being there, when it was taken before thirty thousand people. And you see that, it said, "It looked like a yellow... [Gap in the audio.] Come to me, right in through here.

**55** The Lord bless you, sister. All right, you just be real reverent now, sister. And just stand... If I could help you, I would do it. But I can't do it. You was wondering about your wife then, wasn't you, sir? I wasn't reading your mind, but you was wondering, your wife. Your wife also has arthritis and heart trouble. Isn't that right? Stand up, sister, and just accept your healing then. God bless you. I seen you trying to help her across the floor, when she gets up at morning. Isn't that right? Walking across the floor, helping in the morning. Isn't that so? Wasn't that right? It's the truth. I seen a vision move right there, and I seen him helping her across the floor. All right. Go home now, and both of you get well. May the Lord bless you and make you well. Sister, do you believe? with all your heart? Well, I am your brother. And, of course, if anything, mother, if anything I could do to help you, I would sure do it. But I can't. No, I'm just... I'm just God's servant, you see. The only thing that I know how to do is to pray for you. That's all that I know.

**56** You've had an operation, though, haven't you? On your eye. [A lady says, "No."] It's something on your eye there? ["No, my eye went blind two weeks ago."] Oh, yes, uh-huh. That's it. There's where it was at. ["I had cancer. But, I've also had a accident."] Uh huh. Long time ago that caused that eye to go out. Do that kind of trouble you? ["This just happened two weeks ago." I mean, it's that accident what I'm talking about see. It happened and caused your eye to go bad. And you believe that growth will go off your shoulder too? ["Yes, I do. I was healed once. There was three lumps there. I had cancer in my stomach. And Brother Jaggers said, 'Anybody has cancer raise their hands and praise the Lord.' I raised my hand, I couldn't hold it. I had to hold it..."] Listen to this testimony. Can you hear that? ["And he prayed, got through praying, something reached down and took my hand, and the pain went away. And I've never had anymore."] Well, the Lord... ["And there were three knots there. And they went into one. Well, that has never hurt me since. Of course, it never went away."] Yes, ma'am. ["But I had an accident. My nephew was driving me to the hospital. My husband was dying at University Hospital. We thought he was. And he went to sleep, and I hollered that we was going to hit... We was running a red light..."] Yes, ma'am. ["We saw a car. And I broke the windshield, and my neck just popped like that. And he throwed the brakes so quick."] Yes, ma'am. ["And my whole back--the vertebrae--come out. Well, I'm so thirsty."] All right. Now, you just hold this right in your hand, sister, while I have prayer now. You bow your head now, everybody while I have prayer.

**57** Our Heavenly Father, this poor woman standing here, nervous, upset, can't sleep at night, and she's in need of prayer and she comes tonight, Lord, so nervous. She's got a lump on her side here. And I ask You to be merciful to her and heal her. Grant, Eternal God, that Your blessings be upon her, now. May she go in peace and may she get well, Father, and return showing the people here even before this service closes this week, that God has healed her. Hear the prayer of Your servant, as I ask in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, now, mother. Go and rejoice. Yes, ma'am. God bless you. Poor little thing. All right. How do you do, sister. Like you're pretty weak. I like that sign, "Mother." I think there's five Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Mother. Mother gets the baby first, see. She has the way of raising it, training it. Got an old mother at home tonight. There is just hardly nothing like mother to the baby. You take the little fellow, and probably those hands has stroked back the tears and the eyes when it was crying. When it was hurt, you kiss it. It would go away. But, your trouble tonight, just a kiss from a mortal wouldn't take it away. It'll take from God. You got tumor in your kidney. Is that right? [A lady says, "That's what the doctor said. I ain't seen his x-rays."] Come here then.

**58** Lord God, be merciful to her. I pray that You will heal her. May she go off this platform, Lord, and get well. Poor little thing, all bent down, broke down here. May Your blessings be upon her, I ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you now, mother. Go rejoicing. [The lady shouts.] I don't blame you, mother. Now, you might think that was strange, but let the Lord just have His way. When you feel good you can hardly keep from expressing how you feel. Bless her heart. You've had some trouble, too, haven't you, lady sitting there with the little red jacket on, sitting right there? Doctors don't even know what's wrong with you. One says you got something wrong with your lungs, and one says something wrong with your stomach. Isn't that right? [The lady says, "That's right."] They're all wrong. I'm not reading your mind, but you were setting thinking about that then, and wondering what would take place. Why don't you just raise up and say, "Lord Jesus, I accept You as my healer," and then go home and forget about your sickness and get well?

**59** Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless the poor little woman. Your servants the doctors can't find it. But we know Satan is laying there. Satan, you have hid from the doctor, but you can't hide from God. Come out of her, in Jesus' name, I ask that you leave her. Amen. Now, little sister you go and testify to the glory of God. Just get your mind off of it, go on, get all right. God bless you, lady. You didn't have a prayer card, did you? You didn't have prayer card; you wasn't subject to calling in the line. Well, that's all right. You don't have to have. [Someone says, "No, I wasn't in the line."] All right, sir.

**60** How do you do, sir. You believe with all your heart? Do you believe the Lord Jesus will make you well? His works are marvelous, aren't they? Isn't your trouble in your chest? It's a retarded TB, isn't it? It's caused from a collection of something ... of dust, I'd say ... rock dust. Is that right? And also, the greatest need you have tonight is Jesus Christ (Isn't that right?) as your personal Saviour, for you're not a Christian. [A man says, "That's right."] Will you accept Him now as your personal Saviour? Raise up your hand, say, "I accept Jesus Christ." Almighty God, Author of life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon the man and heal him. And may every sin be forgiven, may he go out from here tonight, and be a servant of Yours the rest of his days. God bless my dear brother tonight. May Your grace take care of Him now, and heal him, forgive him, and send him in peace in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**61** God bless you. You accept Him now as your Saviour. You're my brother, now. And you go in the same Holy Spirit that knowed the woman at the well, knows your troubles. Just go right ahead now. Serve the Lord. Be baptized. Call upon the name of the Lord, and you will get well and be all right. If God knows what you was, what you have been, He knows what you will be. You take my word now. Go and serve the Lord with all your heart, that'll all leave you. God bless you. Let us say, "Praise be to God."

**62** How do you do. Mighty sweet little lady. I have a little girl at home, almost your size. I just want you to look this way, to me, just a little bit. And I just want to talk to you. I think you're a nice little girl. And I like those little beads, or what do you call them? What do you call that? Hair barrette in your hair. I think they're pretty. You like to go to school? You like to go to Sunday school too, don't you? Look here. I want to ask you something. If Jesus, the Son of God was standing here, tonight, and He would see you standing here, He would talk to you. He loved little children, didn't He? He put His hands on them and blessed them. Now if He was standing here, He would tell you right where your trouble was and what was wrong with you. Then He'd lay His hands upon you and bless you, and you'd go away and get well. Wouldn't you? Well, do you believe He sent Brother Branham to do His work? Then to make your little heart believe that, and to know that, your trouble is in your side, isn't it? It's in your right side. Isn't that right? It's a little fatty tumor, on the inside of your diaphragm in there. They don't know just exactly what it was. They couldn't say what it was, but the trouble is in your right side. Isn't that right? Doctor with a gray coat on was the one examined you. Now you believe that now? And you're going home to get well. You believe that? Now come here.

**63** Dear Heavenly Father, I pray Thee, to bless this little girl. And may she go home and be well. I rebuke this demon that's trying to bother the child. May it go out of her tonight. May it go, and may the child live and serve You. And may this never bother her no more. In Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. God bless you, honey. Now you go thanking the Lord Jesus and just... You'll get all [unclear words] . Amen. Let's say, "Praise be to God." How do you do, sister. Your trouble is serious, isn't it? You believe that He will make you well? [The lady speaks to Brother Branham] . You've had many [unclear words] frequently. Let's ask the Lord.

**64** Lord Jesus, I pray that You bless her deeply, but Thou can move all troubles. I pray that You will heal her tonight, and may she go home and get well. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it leave her. Amen. Now, go believing, sister. Let me hear from you a little later. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." It's your daddy? Don't cry, dad. That little girl was healed; you're wondering about you're little boy there, aren't you? You were praying, wasn't you? He heard your prayer. Your little boy has got something wrong in his neck and head there. It's an ulcer. Isn't that right? Put your hand over on the child. Lord Jesus, I rebuke that demon that would bother that child. In the name of Jesus Christ may it leave him. Come out from him. God bless you, dad. Don't fear. Your baby get all right.

**65** Look here, sir. Wouldn't you like to go home and eat like you used to? All right. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Go eat your supper then, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that stomach trouble will leave you. You'd like to do the same thing, wouldn't you? Is that right? All right. Go eat your supper then. The Lord bless you. Go and serve Him with all your heart. Look! you're getting nervous [unclear words] , isn't that right? Caused that nervous condition causes your stomach like that. Just go on forget about it. Go home and [unclear words] . The Lord be with you. All right. Come, sir. Do you believe me to be God's servant ... His prophet? [The man says, "Yes, sir."] Your trouble is in your back, isn't it, sir? Go home. Jesus Christ has made you well. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise be to God."

**66** Do you love Him with all your heart? Now the Holy Spirit is here. Nothing can be hid from Him now. The Angel of the Lord is near to do the exceedingly abundantly. Just start praying out there now, and believe Him with all your heart. See if He isn't God. See if the things that I have asked, that I've told you about, if they're not the truth. Anywhere, any place. Have faith in God. All right. You want to be made well? ["Yes, sir."] Lord Jesus, I pray that You will bless him, and may he leave from here tonight, rejoicing normally, and get well. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Satan, leave the man. In Christ's name, I ask it. Can you hear me all right? You're healed. You can go home now and be well. God bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." You want to get over that heart trouble, sister? ["Yes."] Just go rejoicing and saying, "Thank You, Lord for healing me." Thank you.

**67** Lay your hand on that baby with the waterhead, brother. Lord Jesus, I pray that You will bless that baby. And may the power of God move on that child and make it well, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The baby has been growing that way for quite a while. I've been watching you for a long time. I'm watching that little mother sitting there, too, with her baby. Sister, I can't heal your baby, but your baby is deaf. Is that right? It has been that way. And you're suffering, too. You have a tumor. Is that right? If that's right raise up your hand like this. I never seen you in my life. I know your trouble. I see that man's trouble sitting right there, too. I can't heal it. Lay your hand on the baby's ears. Almighty God, I rebuke that deaf spirit in the baby. And I ask that the tumor from the lady will ... she'll be made well. In Jesus Christ's name grant it. Have faith in God. That female trouble left you sitting there, sister. You can go home now and rejoice and be happy. It left you just then. Your asthma... Would you like to get over that? Go rejoicing. Say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus," and get well.

**68** The Holy Spirit is here. Do you believe? You have cancer, don't you, lady? Accept your healing from Jesus Christ, and go home and get well [unclear words] . Lady, you have kidney trouble, don't you? Go on across the platform, be made well. Do you believe? You, sitting there with your limb like that. That's a blood clot isn't it? The first of this week, you couldn't even walk. You just now begin to creep around. Is that right? When the service is over, pick up your thing and go on home, and be made well. The blood clot scattered, going to leave you, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Do you believe? God confirms His Word. How many in here wants to be healed right now? Lay your hands over on one another. Almighty God, in the name of Thy Son Jesus, come down and look on this scene. Satan, come out of the people. I adjure thee in Jesus Christ's name leave the people.
