---
Date: 1953-09-06
Title: The Living Jesus Christ
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Chicago Gospel Tabernacle in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 6 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Living Jesus Christ



**1** All things are possible, Lord, I believe. Shall we bow our heads just a moment? And while we're going to prayer, Brother Boze just brought me a message here on the back of a letter that a mother is in here tonight with a baby with such severe heart trouble it may die tonight. It's in the building. Let's offer prayer that God will bless the baby and may it live.

**2** Our Heavenly Father, we come to You tonight, humbly as we know how to come, to offer thanksgiving and praise to Thee for the death of Jesus Christ at Calvary who purchased our salvation and healing. God, we pray for mercy for this baby. The mother has been reverent to bring it to the church. The doctors, Your servants, can do nothing for it, but Lord, Thou can do for it. Thou the Stream of all of our mercy, we pray, Father, that You'll extend the great blessings of God to the child, and may it live and may the heart trouble leave it.

**3** We say, as servants of God, we say, "Cursed be that heart trouble on the baby, and may the baby live, and may the mother take it home now, and may it just have a good night's rest, and tomorrow be well on its road, Lord. May it keep getting better until it's completely well. We will thank Thee and praise Thee for it, Father." And now to all the others, the specials and everywhere, that has called in, sent in, telegrams and wanting to bring their loved ones from everywhere, God be merciful to them. And help us tonight as we stand here as Your servant to minister to Your people. We thank Thee for all Thou hast done, and praying now that You will bless us in this service tonight; for we ask it in Christ Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated.

**4** God's great peace and mercy be with each and everyone of you. And now on the 27th verse of the 16th chapter of Saint John, I want to read this part of the Scripture. I know Brother Baxter usually always has a dynamic sermon for you, and now I like to read a little Scripture for my part because if what I say fails, this won't. This will always remain the same. So I know it will be for some good. Isn't that right, Brother Osborn? That's right. All right. For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God. I came forth from the Father, and am come unto the world : again, I leave the world, and go to the Father. His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no parable. Now we are sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou comest forth from God. Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe? God add His blessings to this Word.

```
John 16:27 For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.

John 16:28 I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

John 16:29 His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.

John 16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

John 16:31 Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?

```
**5** When speaking in parables, they could not understand Him, but when they realized that God was showing Him things, they believed His testimony then that He come out from God. And now I'm giving a testimony of the same Man tonight, that they crucified Him, and He had to die to take sin out of the world. But on the third day He rose again, and ascended up to the Father, and has returned in the form of the Holy Spirit living with us, in us, doing the same things tonight that He did then.

**6** Can we say as His disciples, "Because of this now we believe." God grant that it will be so tonight, that by the witness of God, of the resurrection of this Man, who knew the thoughts of the people, who knew what would take place, and done only as God led Him, but whatever God told Him was exactly the truth. Isn't that marvelous? Well, you know, friends, that's enough to make any heart just start jumping and burning, isn't it? See? That Jesus Christ, and any person's in the world that ever amounted to anything in this world, were men and women who believed Jesus Christ. Now, the Lord is blessful and good. He is full of compassion and mercy to us all.

```
John 16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

```
**7** Now, Brother Ryan there who wanted me to say something about the Indians. It was when I'd first started in my campaigns about six, seven years ago, I suppose. And I was in Phoenix, Arizona, and the first time that any person's outside of colored people had ever come into the line, the colored and white, and then these were Indians came by and they were dressed in all their native garb. So when one passed by, the Holy Spirit said, "She's an alcoholic," see. And she was delivered. The next one passed by, I said, "Lord, if You will just reveal what those Indians are, I promise You, I will go to the reservation."

**8** Next passed by, told her she had TB, and they was packing her. She just got up and walked out. So then the next passed by. I forget just what was wrong with that woman, but she was healed. The missionary happened to be sitting present. So when I was over in California, why, the missionary come over, said, "You remember what you promised God at Phoenix? You'd go back to the Apache Indians?" So there wasn't nothing but one night to Apache Indians. We gathered early in the afternoon 'cause it had to be an outside meeting. They had a little church back at San Carlos, way back in the desert hills of Arizona.

**9** Well, I thought maybe we'd have maybe, twenty or thirty Indians out there, but my, there was thousands of them gathered, and it was the most dramatic sight to see them sitting around, the old father and the mother and all the little Indians sitting on blankets. And just as far as you could see out in the desert like, that they were sitting around, loud speakers set up. And of all of it, there was only one person there that could interpret. And Indian dialect, if anyone knows what it is--their grammar, they don't have any sentences or anything. They just start real low and start screaming at top of their voice and then drop off all at once, you know. So there's no punctuations to it at all.

**10** So then this interpreter was giving the interpretation, and I tried to tell the Indian. Now that is not a foreigner. That is a true born American citizen, the only Americans we have, is the Indian. God gave him this country. We took it away from him. And if there ever was anything as an American citizen that I think that ever put a stain on the flag, if there'd be one there, would be the way we treat those Indians out there. When we bundle up thousands and tens of thousands and billions of dollars and send it across the seas, over there to Japan and things, and they blow it back at us, and our Indians starve to death out there every year.

**11** After all this is their country, God-given country, and I said, "I certainly feel sorry and my sympathy goes for you but," I said, "I am just one voice in America. We're made up of all the voices." I said, "But being that the country give you a rough deal but," I said, "I know Somebody who won't give you one. That's Jesus Christ." I said, "He will give you what you really deserve. Christ will be kind to you." Well, an Indian's a strange fellow. He doesn't go for everything. I remember Billy giving prayer cards one time down in Phoenix at a big tent meeting we were at, and we just had a couple days left, and I said, "Billy, give those prayer cards not the people with toothaches and something like that. Give it to people who's dying."

**12** So there was an old Indian sitting there, when he seen Billy coming, he looked at him. Got up and walked over, and my boy has quite a sense of humor, you know, so he said, pecked him on the back and said, "What's the matter, chief?" He said, "Me sick." "All right." Said, "Chief, my daddy told me just to give it to people who are real sick. Are you real sick?" He said, "Me sick." That was all he knowed. So Billy went on. Chief sat down and watched him again. Watched them prayer cards beginning to get thinner and thinner, so he walked over and pecked him on the back again. He said, "What do you want, chief?" Said, "Me sick."

**13** He said, "I know but," said, "what's the matter with you, chief? Are you real sick? You got cancer or something that you..." He said, "Me sick." That's all he could get out of him. So it went on a little farther and he just had a few left. Chief caught him and turned him around and said, "Me sick." And Billy said, "Say, take this prayer card and write on it, Me sick,' and take it up there and give it to the usher." "Me sick." But that's the Indian, you know. He is a very strange fellow, and that night when I got through speaking, I said, "Now, will you..." We was on a church steps where they had a little church there, and I don't know what denomination it was, but it was just a little church out there. And the missionary was standing there. She couldn't speak the language. There was a woman interpreter.

**14** So I noticed all of them they ... little fires begin to come up along in the desert. And I said, "Now, all that believes and wants to be prayed for, line up over here on my right. Everybody that wants to be prayed for." Had plenty of room there--the whole desert to line them up in. I said, "All that wants to be prayed for, stand up over here on my right." Nobody at all got up. They just sat there. Well, I thought, "Well, this is the first time I ever had that to happen." Nobody got up at all. So I said, "Well now that's strange." So then the next ... the missionary went back in the church, and here she come out with some Indian women. So I said, "Will this be the prayer line?" She said, "Yes."

**15** So the first woman, I was looking at her, talking to her through the interpreter, and I seen what was wrong with her, and I told her it was a venereal disease. I said, "That's not because you're immoral, but the way you have to live." She turned and looked at me. She mumbled off something to the interpreter. The interpreter said to me, "She said, 'How did you know that?'" And I said, "Well, that's the gift of God." So that was right. I said, "Do you believe Christ will heal you of that?" "Yes." I prayed for her. She went on.

**16** Two or three passed by: one with glaucoma of the eye, and so forth, and after awhile there was a little girl come by and just about the size of this little girl that just got her sight the other night sitting here, and so she had her head down and her little old hair just as course as bristles. And she wouldn't hold her head up. She just had her head down. And I took a hold of her head and she just kept her head down. And I said, "What's wrong with her?" And I said, "She's deaf and dumb, isn't she?" Said, "Yes." And I said, "Wasn't that caused by a fever?" She said, "Yes. Heap much fever made her no hear, no speak." And I said, "Do you believe?" And the mother standing there. I said, "Do you believe that Christ will heal your child?"

**17** "Yep." She believed it. So then I prayed for the little girl like that, and I got down to her and I went [Brother Branham snaps his fingers.] like that. I said, "Do you hear me?" She rattled off something. "Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah." I said, "She will speak better than that some day." Said, "Hum, her speak plenty good now," see. And I didn't know what she was saying. Said, "Her speak plenty good now." And all them Indians began to look, you know, and course each one of them with a pipe about like that smoking on it, you know, beginning to spit, you know, and look sideways and look up. Now, he is a strange fellow but once convinced, that's all, see.

**18** And they was talking to one another out there, you know. And the missionary got or the interpreter got them quiet again. And the next come up was a little boy. He was standing with his head bowed, and the mother was standing there, and she wasn't waiting for me to tell him what was the matter. She just caught him by the top of the head like this, and jerked his little head back. Why, his poor little eyes was just as crossed as they could be and little, old, red face and fat cheeks like this. Cute little fellow. So I said, "Can I pick him up?" And she looked at me. And I picked the little fellow up, he laid his head over on my shoulder, and I said to the interpreter, "Don't interpret the prayer."

**19** I said, "Dear God, these people who has been pushed back, allowanced, and we who come in and took their lands, shot off the buffalo, killed off the deer, put them back out here on the plains to starve to death, and burn up billions of dollars worth of hams out yonder on the prairies and things like that and meat, let them starve to death. It's not fair." I said, "God, show that You are no respecter of persons, and let them know tonight, that I've told them the truth. That You are for them." It happened. Before looking, I turned the little boy around. I said, "Now, tell them to look." His little eyes was as straight as mine is. And everybody began to look. My, you talk about a carrying on. It started out there. So they got them quietened.

**20** The next come through, they started like they was going to have a stampede. So it taken them quite a little bit, the dust a flying every way. People running this a way, and that way, and I wondered, "What's the matter out there?" So she finally got them quietened. I had a prayer line then about four city blocks long. I tell you. I never seen so many people to be prayed for in my life, and I said, "How'd it happen?"

**21** She said, "First, they thought it wasn't right, but," said, "now they're convinced." Said, "Now, it'll be glorious now," said the missionary. So then, Brother Moore, anybody know Jack Moore? He was with me. Jack Moore, and many of the brethren there and Brother Brown. Well, you couldn't get a ... you had to beat them off then. And there was a poor old Indian woman who was supposed to be next, and she had two broom sticks sawed off with a piece of wood over the top for crutches and some rags wrapped around it. I guess she was eighty years old.

**22** She had leather platted in her hair, and great big wrinkles in her face, and she was trying to get to me. Her arthritis was so bad she was like that trying ... just like that trying to walk and this little Indian boy was trying to get around another's. And Brother Moore couldn't make him get back. So he just picked him up and set him back behind her. So I let the poor old thing come up. Here she come across like this, putting her stick out like that. And when she got right up close to me, I looked at her, you know, and she raised her head, shaking like this, and looked and the tears just finding their way down through the ditches of them old cheeks. And I thought, "Somebody's mother." That's right.

**23** Looked at her like that. Her old dark eyes looked up to me like that. She kind of smiled, reached around and got a hold of one cane, and the other, one in each one of them sticks. And handed them over to me, and straightened up, and went walking off the platform like that. No prayer at all. No prayer at all. Just believed. And brother, you talk about a prayer line. Along about three or four o'clock that morning, I done quit talking about discernment, just letting them come through and laying hands on them. I seen them coming through, they was wet way up around like this. I said, "Well, what's the matter?"

**24** The little Gila River runs through there, and he said, "Well, they thought first it wasn't right." Said, "Now, there's a ford about twenty miles down here," but said, "they're going out into the deserts, and getting their loved ones and packing them through that water." And here they didn't have no stretchers, just like it is in the foreign fields, they had... Here come an old man... This is good. I tell you this before we close. They had a board with a stick across the back of it; the stick across this way. And an old man laying there with his hands wrapped over this stick, and his legs laying over this other stick that way; and they was making it like a stretcher, laying on this board.

**25** An old fellow, real old, and he was laying there with a palsy, shaking like that, you know. And there was a big fellow standing there, great, big, burly looking Indian, and just shivering like that and his lips real blue, cold, wet way up like this, and in that desert it gets cold of a morning. And I said, "Aren't you afraid? Do you speak English?" He said, "Leetle." And I said, "Aren't you afraid you'll take pneumonia?" "Nope." Said, "Jesus Christ is take care of me. I bring my dad." I said, "Um." I said, "Do you believe Jesus Christ will make your dad well?" "Sure."

**26** I said, "Pass him by." I said, "Dear God, this man's come by faith. In the name of Jesus Christ according to Your Word, I lay hands upon him." I said, "Bring the next one." They started on by. I heard somebody screaming and hollering. Looked the old man, the board on his own shoulder waving it at everybody, going along down through there packing his own board going out. Just simple childlike faith, that's all. Now, the Indians when they see this power of God moving, or down in Africa, over in the islands, they don't question it. We who's got all the scholarships, we're the ones who question it. We know it all, you see? We've got it all explained out. We know just what it is, what Doctor So-and-so said, and Doctor So-and-so said. But listen. God wants us to believe His Word just like it is written there. "Whosoever shall add to or take away, the same shall be taken out of his part of the Book of Life," see. So let's just believe it the way it's written.

```
Revelation 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

Revelation 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

```
**27** Jesus said, after He was risen from the dead, He said, when He ris... He said this, "The things that I do, shall you do also." That would be a mark of the people believers. And we seen what He done. Then He said, "I will be with you, even to the end of the world." And the first commission He ever give to mankind when He was here on earth... You know what it was? Matthew 10. "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely as you receive, freely give." Is that right? First commission. The last commission: "Go ye into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned, and these (plural) signs (plural) shall follow them (plural) that believe." Is that right?

```
Matthew 10:8 Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**28** "In my name they shall," go to church and put ... "in my name they shall cast out devils; they'll speak with new tongues; if they take up serpents; or drink deadly things, it shall not harm them; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Is that right? And He was received up into Heaven and the disciples went forth preaching everywhere. The Lord working with them, confirming the Word with signs following. And that is the general orders from Jesus Christ to be carried out until the day He returns. God be blessed that sincere men all over the country, everywhere... Just think here the other night the archbishop of India come over and received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, going back with a message to the evangelical churches.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Mark 16:20 And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.

```
**29** Great men, everywhere is receiving the blessing. It's the hour, friends, and many, many of you now press into the kingdom of God for I believe you're getting your last call before the coming of the Lord. May we bow our heads while we ask Him to come into our presence. Our Heavenly Father, with grateful hearts we come to You tonight, thanking You that You have risen from the dead and living among men tonight. Our hearts are most warm and stirred tonight because of the living Jesus Christ. When You were here on earth, You did no miracles, no signs, You said until the Father showed You. You promised that same thing to follow the church down through the age and in this last day, God, we're thankful that You are restoring these things back to Your church again. Signs are appearing everywhere just before the coming of the Lord. Every sign post is pointing that way. It won't be long till the Rapture. Then we shall see Him who we've loved and waited for.

**30** Now, God, I pray that Your great blessings will rest upon every person in the building, and if there be some here who is not believers as yet, may tonight they be fully convinced in their heart that the true, living Jesus Christ has risen from the dead, and is living among His church members tonight. Grant it, Lord, and by one Spirit we're all baptized into this church. God be merciful to us. Forgive us of our sins. And now, Father, as Your humble, unprofitable servant stands here to minister in the way of this prophetic utterance, I pray that the Angel of God will draw nigh tonight as He has been. And we thank Him, and we pray that He will continue to be with us tonight and show great signs and wonders that all the sick and the needy in the building may be healed this night, and the sinners may be called to repentance, and the backslider's brought back to God. For we ask it in Jesus Christ's name who died for this ministry. Amen. [Gap in the audio]

```
1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**31** Now, we won't be able to line a hundred as we've been doing, fifty to a hundred people at one time. There's not enough room here. I don't hardly think we will be able to line but just a very few. All right. Let's see. We give out D's last night, wasn't it? I suppose it's D's. Billy was here, but he is gone. Oh, excuse me. He's on the wrong side of me. All right. Was there E's, son? All right. Let's take E's then, and that's the ones that was give out today. And we got everything yesterday, and now we are trying to get as many as we can tonight.

**32** Now, who has got prayer card, take your ... it's a little flat card. It's got your name and address on one side, and on the back side here, it has got a letter and a number. Now, turn it over and you'll find you got a "E" on it. And who has prayer card E-1 in the building? Prayer card E number 1. Where is that? Is that in the building? Was E start with 1? Oh, excuse me. All right, lady. E number 1. All right. Number 2. E number 2. Is it in the building? If it is, raise your hand. All right, lady, over there. E number 2. All right. Now, number 3. Prayer card E number 3, where's that at? 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.

**33** Now, look around. If there's somebody that's deaf or somebody who can't get up, that's got those prayer cards then you bring them right down here in front of me. Or if they are deaf, just put them in the line. If they can't get up, why, you just put your hand on the person. All right. All right. E, E number 1 to number 10. Let's see how many we got to line up at a time. Maybe we can only get about ten at a time. All right. Let's try fifteen of them, and see. All right. Let's get next to 15, E-15. I believe we can get a few more there, there's right in here now. E-1 to 15. Let's try that now then see how we're getting along.

**34** All right. Look over now and ushers count and if there's anybody missing, call their attention because they are in here somewhere probably deaf, or can't get up. Be in prayer everywhere. Be in prayer, if you will. Now, while they're lining them up, I want the whole church to look this way, and I want your attention just for a moment. You all realize what my position...? Of course, there's critics sitting here. See? There's people sitting here would want to find fault just now. See? And you must remember I must be just at the best where the Holy Spirit can use me in any way. If one such person would ... something would happen, you've been in the meetings before know what takes place, but you must know what you're speaking of. You see? I never seen a time but what God come out with a great victory. See? And watch what happens to that person. All right.

**35** How many has been in the building--how many has been in my meetings before and seen such things happen? See? That's right. See? Be careful. Now, but I must be just at my best to pray for the sick. Now, does everybody understand? I am not a healer. I cannot heal. I can't do what Jesus has al... If I could heal, I could save, but I can't save, because Jesus has already saved. Is that right? Well, then I can't heal because He has already healed. But now those two things Jesus did at Calvary. How many believes that's right? That's right. He did that at Calvary. Then I can't do what He has already done.

**36** Now, if Jesus was standing here tonight with my suit on that He gave me, well, now, He couldn't heal you, could He? That's Scripturally speaking. What about that, Brother Osborn? He couldn't heal you. He can't do what He has already done. Why, He would say, "I did that at Calvary." Now, you say, "Well, He could heal me." No. He could not, not unless you believed it. For many mighty works He could not do because of their unbelief. Is that right? Many mighty works He could not do because of their unbelief.

**37** You can't have a revival in Chicago unless you're ready for it. Is that right? Has to take your faith altogether. Now, now them things Jesus has already done. He has healed you and saved you. You've got to accept that, but now, let's come over to some other. Now, that's what Brother Osborn tells you from the Word, and these other ministers. Now, let's come over into the spiritual realm. That's spiritual realm too. But let's come over into the gifts in the church. God has set some in the church: first apostles, secondarily prophets, gifts of healing. Is that right? Diversities of manifestations, gifts and speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, and all of these gifts are set in the church.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**38** Now, now that is to the individual, see. God gives gifts and puts people in the church for different things, a confirmation of His Word and love. Isn't that wonderful? Shouldn't we all be happy about that? Now, what if... Is this the patient? Come, lady. Now, and do you realize this? That there's, I guess, five or six hundred people in here anyhow tonight, maybe more, but do you know if they say there's six hundred here, there's six hundred spirits, of the human being plus maybe many demons, that has got the people bound. As we explained it last night, the medical term of how that these things was perfectly demonology called cancer, tumor, cataracts, and tuberculosis, pneumonia, so forth. It's demons.

**39** Now, the thing it is, is to get the difference between what is the Spirit of God, and what is the spirit of the Devil. And then by the atonement in Calvary, that Devil is cast out. And I'll assure you if the believer will come and believe, right here presently no matter what's wrong with him, it'll take place right here. That's right. You've never seen it fail and it won't. But now, if you go out of here and disbelieve, or just with a little weak faith, it'll come right back on you, even worse than what it was in the first place. For the unclean spirit goes out of a man, he walks in dry places. Is that right? Then he returns back, and if the good man of the house isn't there to keep him away... You must take God at His Word, not your feelings, but take God at His Word. Your faith keeps him away. Just refuse it. He will torment, and peck at your door, and haunt at your windows, but just turn your head and keep on looking forward towards Christ and going on. Now, now, if Jesus was here, standing here tonight on the platform, which I believe He is; not only here, but He is all out through the audience. He is everywhere, but in these spirits...

```
Matthew 12:43 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.

Matthew 12:44 Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.

Matthew 12:45 Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.

Luke 11:24 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out.

Luke 11:25 And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished.

Luke 11:26 Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.

```
**40** Now there's a group of spirits down here, there's a group of spirits up here. Then here I am standing between them. Each one up here maybe is praying, numbers of them. There's numbers of them out here praying and in between there, it's all pouring into one place. Could you realize what I mean? Here maybe a vision's breaking here. Maybe I'm talking to this woman might belong to somebody out there or somebody up here. So you be in prayer, will you? And just helping me and pray. Just pray silently.

**41** If I ask you to bow your head, I want you to do it right away. And you keep looking, believing, but if I ask you to bow your head, 'cause sometimes, you've noticed it in the meetings, spirits get very contrary sometime, and you have to make them go out. If the patient is a good believer, why, it automatically, he turns loose, but if he doesn't, then sometime epileptic ... they just carry on terribly, you see, and disturbs the meeting and everything, but just hold your peace then. Don't get disturbed. Just sit still. Let the patient, whatever's taking place, let it alone.

**42** And now if you're skeptic, I wouldn't stay in while this is going on. Because if that person's freed, you're certainly a good subject for him next, and it'll take place, and you know that, many of you. How it comes right from one to another and know that demons must have a place, a body, or they're helpless. They wanted to go into a bunch of hogs one day when they come out of a maniac and others. Now, you come here just a moment, lady. I suppose you and I are strangers. I guess I've never seen you in my life. If I have, I don't recognize you. No, we're strangers. You saw me this afternoon. Was you in the afternoon service?

**43** Well, now, then you're just a lady that picked up a prayer card here awhile ago, and you was just called up to the platform and that's all. Now, if you and I are strangers, then God will have to ... if there's anything I would know about you, or you about me, God would have to do it. Now, let's just think for a few minutes. Jesus Christ when He was here on earth, He began to talk to a woman one day, at the well. And He kept talking to her until He found out what was wrong with her. Is that right? Then He went and told her what her trouble was, and she run in the city, said, "Come see a Man who told me everything I ever done. Isn't this the Christ?"

```
John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**44** Now, only Jesus Christ can do that. That's right. I mean a perfect manner is the only way He can do it. Now, as far as ... I don't know you might be here for something else. I can't say that. Just only God will know that. I don't know it, but you might be here ... maybe you've got a domestic trouble or something like that. Whatever it is, God will make known to it. I believe that. Do you? ["Yes."] I'm glad to hear you say that you do that. Now, if He has risen from the dead, living among men, then He can produce tonight, His Life, here on earth in His Church just like He did then. Is that true?

**45** You are up for an operation, or at least you've been told that by a doctor. And that operation is for a female trouble and a colon trouble. Isn't that right? And you have believed that God would heal you of it. And haven't you got some loved one, I believe, it's your husband, he's walking with a crutch or something another, there's something wrong with him. Oh, he has got the hardening of the arteries, and it's caused him to walk crippled, or stiffened up. Is that true? You believe God will make you well? You believe He will heal your husband, also? Is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? Come here.

**46** Our dear, precious, Heavenly Father in whom we love and believe, may the Devil leave the woman tonight, and may she be made well. God grant it. And may the demon leave her husband, and may they both be happy, and well, and serve You all the days of their life. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go now and may God's peace be with you. That's her husband sitting right there. That's the same man I saw in the vision here just a few minutes ago. All right, sir. Leave your crutch, or cane ... you walk on something. Well, have you got it with you? All right, sir. You can leave it wherever it is. You don't need it no more, and you can go home now without it. Have faith in God. All right. Everyone believe with all your heart? Let's say, "Praise the Lord." All right.

**47** Now, the man... Now, if you'll be reverent just for a moment. How do you do, sister! Do you believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, has risen from the dead and comes to make the ... is revealing Himself in the line of divine healing, and mercies of His resurrection? You believe that with all your heart? ["With all my heart."] With all your heart. Something very strange about you, lady. You look like somebody I know or something. And your features are disturbing me just a little, but I just want you to watch me. And as Elijah said, "Look, if it wasn't I respected the presence of Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't look." And Peter and John said, "Look on us." In other words, not look to them as healers, but look on us, we've got something to say to you.

```
2 Kings 3:14 And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

```
**48** You've just been operated on. You've had an operation, and that was a tumor operation. They removed a tumor and that was on the bladder. ["Yes."] And doing something, they put some kind of a treatment in to see if it was something else wrong with you. And the treatment was in a thing that dissolved and went out and they think it's a malignancy. Your niece, I seen her standing, but I haven't seen her in the meeting, but I know she... I see her standing by your side, ["Yes."] smiling. Are those things so? Whatever was told you, was that so? Is that the absolute truth? Now, that wasn't me talking to you, lady. That was my voice, but it was Something else talking. Do you believe it was the Lord Jesus Christ with mercy for you? Come here. Our dear, precious Father, may she be healed of whatever's wrong with her tonight, and may the Devil be cursed in the name of Jesus Christ. May it come out from the woman, and may she be delivered for God's glory. Amen. God bless you, lady. May God's blessings be upon you and make you well.

**49** Now, believe. Are you believing? All your heart now. Be with one accord, and all you out there in the audience, believe also. Believe. Don't make any difference whether you're on the platform, or wherever you are. God knows you just the same. You believe this? All right. Then have faith. Don't doubt. Put your faith in God. All right. Come, lady. Now, reverently. And now each one, as you're watching, accept Him as your own Healer, and see if He don't turn me around to you and tell you about it, see. Just believe it with all your heart.

**50** All right, lady. You're the patient. Now, just come up this way just a little bit so I can talk with you. There's people around me, behind me, and everywhere, but I must get you to talk the common... You know Jesus one time led a man outside the city to talk to him. Told him about his eyes, and what to do for them, and then He took him another time in a place where a little girl had died and the people laughed at Him. So He put them all out, but the father and mother, and Peter, James, and John who He knew had faith. You understand what I'm...? You do. Now, we are perfect strangers. I never seen you in my life. Know nothing about you; God knows that. And I doubt whether you know anything about me unless you've read in the magazines, or papers, or something. But you're sincere, and you've come in sincerity. You are a Christian, and you are a member of the Baptist church.

```
Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Mark 8:23 And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

```
**51** I heard your pastor. I know Baptist doctrine. There's more than that for you. You're getting a little ... and going away from me. You have ... I see a hospital. You've just been to a hospital for a stomach, something in the stomach, and they was going to operate, but they couldn't find what was wrong with your stomach. And they have sent you back home, and you're fixing to return again to the hospital for another examination to see if they can find the stomach trouble. And you've asked God to heal you that they find nothing. Is that true? [The lady says, "That is true."] Are you touching His garment now? Then they won't find nothing. Almighty God, bless my sister and make her well, and may it be as she has believed. And we know it will, for we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, my sister.

**52** How do you do, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? You do. Well, I suppose you and I do not know each other. It's for your baby. Now, of course, a mother is in deep sincerity when her baby's in trouble. Now, I am not reading your mind. It's only, you're conscious that Something's near you. Did you ever see that picture of the Angel of the Lord, that pillar of fire? Yes. Did you ever see it on a picture? Well, That is exactly what's giving you that feeling now because it's coming in from you. Your baby has a brain injury, and the doctors has been mis... It's been operated or something. The doctors had it in operate for a water-head or water-brain or some... Is that right? And they found that it was mistaken. ["Right."] And the baby has got a brain injury. And you have prayed and committed your life to God at the table, if He would heal this baby. ["Yes."] Is that right? ["Yes."]

**53** And the baby's grandmother is suffering too, with a tumor in her stomach. ["That's right."] Is that right? God bless you. Yes. Do you believe that God will make you well? Heal your baby? ["Yes, I believe it."] Our Heavenly Father, in the name of Thy Son, Jesus, may this baby raise up to be a fine young Christian, Lord. Grant as I lay these my unworthy hands upon the child, too young to have faith, but may the power that raised Jesus from the dead, brought Him back again alive, and showing signs and wonders in the church tonight. Almighty God, I bless this baby and say to the enemy that tried to kill it from its very birth, come out of the child. Leave it. You are exposed and rebuked. In the name of Jesus Christ, leave the child. Mother, do you believe your baby's going to be a well, normal baby now? ["I do."] Just as you have believed, that's just the way it's going to be for you. God bless you. Go, and may the Lord be with you.

**54** Are you believing with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind? Just have faith. That's all I want you to do. You're not far from your healing, brother. He has circled though to you twice now. Just keep having faith. Amen. Have faith in God and God shall bring to pass everything that you have need of. Do you believe that?

**55** How do you do, lady. Now, a perfect reproduction again of the scene at the well. Jesus was a Jew. The other woman, the woman that was talking to Him was a Samaritan. They were two races of people and that's the way it is tonight. And Jesus said to the woman, "Go bring Me a drink." And she said, "It's not customary for the Jews to ask Samaritans such." But He said, "If thou knewest Who was speaking, you'd ask Him for a drink." Now, He is the same Jesus tonight which has tore down that middle wall of partition, He was doing it then. Which there's no difference tonight, in the kingdom of God. White, colored, yellow, brown, whatever country we live in, whatever color we are, whatever race we are;. Jesus Christ died for us all. Poured out His Spirit upon us all.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

```
**56** But do you believe that He is risen from the dead? You are a Christian and you're believing for ... it's wonderful faith you have, and I'm happy for that for you're in a serious condition. You have been to a operation, and that operation was in the female organs down here, and they found cancer. And the cancer, it scattered it, and it has went all through your body, all through your lower organs. Is that true? ["Yes."] Can I talk to you just a minute aside? [Brother Branham speaks to the lady privately.] I couldn't say that before the audience but is that the truth? ["That's true."] Nobody in the world but God Almighty alone would know that. Is that right? ["That's right."] Do you believe He makes you well now? ["I know He does."] God bless you. Go. You shall have what ... God bless her in the name of Jesus Christ.

**57** Let us say, "Praise be to God!" He is always the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, keep having faith. Visions make me so weak. This is fifteen days of it now, you know, constantly under the anointing so... The whole building just looks like it's just a bunch of people once in a while out there. So just like a mass sitting flatly together, but have faith. God is here. Do you believe it? God is here to make well, and to heal all, and to do all that we ask Him to do. He will do the exceedingly, the abundantly above all that we could do or think.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**58** If our Lord, that ought ... what our Lord has already done tonight would be sufficient for you, to make you... If you can't believe now, I don't believe you could ever believe. And some of you sit in the meeting and see as many as a hundred patients at a time bringing through the line. And everyone what the Lord said was perfectly, just exactly, and what He said would be, and what He said was. Do you believe Him with all your heart? Oh, how wonderful. I just pray that His Spirit be upon everyone of you. Making you each one well, healing your sickness, and blessing your hearts. How many Christians are here? Let's see your hands.

**59** Now, thank you. Now, how many that's not Christians, have you really believed that being in the presence of God that you'd like to say, "Brother minister, pray God have mercy on me for I am a sinner." Would you raise your hand anywhere in the building? "Have mercy on me. I am a sinner." Is there one in the building? Up in the balcony, down to the right, over here, not a sinner in the building. How many in the building...? That's wonderful. How many in the building that has not received the Holy Ghost and would like to be remembered that God will give you the Holy Ghost? Wonderful. Scores of hands went up everywhere.

**60** Oh, how beautiful Jesus Christ, the Son of God. All right, lady. Your heart trouble and everything's done left you. You go on off the platform [unclear words] . All right. Just be reverent. Believe with all your heart. Now, everybody be in one accord. Now, sir, you want to get over that kidney trouble, and go home, be well? Do you want to believe that God will make it? ["Yes, I believe it."] All right. Receive it and go now in the name of Jesus Christ may He do this for You. Oh, isn't our Lord marvelous?

**61** How do you do, sister. Do you believe what you see to be coming from God? With all your heart? I believe we are strangers, my sister. Perhaps, the Lord would tell me what was your trouble, would you believe it with all your heart? Well, if it's the truth you'd have to say it was the truth. Isn't that right? Course, of your age, you have a few things of that age that would be, but one of your outstanding things that you're trying to get rid of is arthritis. Isn't that right? Do you believe you are rid of it now? You do? Now, it's you're the one suffering. I'm just His prophet. Do you accept it now? ["Yes, I accept it."] All right. Raise up your hands up and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." Bounce your feet up and down. Go off the platform. There you are. You have no more arthritis. God bless you. God bless you, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe that God is here to make well, and to heal you? Do anything that we'd ask Him to do, do you believe He would do it? With all your heart, you believe that?

**62** That colored lady sitting there had arthritis too just at that time. Yes, ma'am. You was healed at that time. You can stand up--lady on the end there. Yes ma'am. Stand up to your feet. You're made well, both of you. Both of you there together. You both had arthritis. You were healed when that woman started towards you. That demon recognized that, and he turned you both loose. Raise your hands up like this. You're free. Amen. You're absolutely free. You've never felt like that for years, have you? Amen. You're healed now. You may go home rejoicing and tell what great things Jesus has done for you. Amen. She has just loosened up, you see. There she was stiffened up with arthritis. Now, perfectly well. No prayer for her. Her faith made her whole. Amen.

**63** Now, you haven't felt like that for some time either, have you? You're healed now. The arthritis is all gone from you. You're normal and well. Now, lady, all your life you've had trouble with your eyes, but Jesus Christ will make you whole now. Do you believe it? ["I do believe."] God bless you. Go, and the Lord will grant to you according to your faith. Oh, isn't He wonderful? Let's just sing a hymn to Him, if you will. Wonderful Jesus Is To Me. I'm getting terribly weak somehow tonight. Will you sing for us, now everyone? Wonderful, wonderful, Jesus is to me, Counselor, Prince of Peace, Mighty God is He; Saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame, Wonderful is my Redeemer, praise His name. His love and pity goes to His children. O God, once more, once more visit the people is my prayer. You believe the heart trouble left you, brother. [The brother says, "Amen."] Go ahead. You are. Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me.

**64** You believe your arthritis is gone? Go on off the platform just rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus." How merciful our Lord is. Now, you see I wasn't reading their mind at all. Amen. O God, be merciful. You believe your heart trouble is going to leave you and you're going to get all right? God bless you then. Go and you may have what you've asked for. How wonderful our Lord Jesus. Oh, He's the Prince of Peace, the everlasting Father. How do you do, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to His servant? I'm unworthy to be, but who is worthy? No one. But through His divine mercy, do you believe that He has sent me to help you? You do. You're standing for a loved one, and that's, I believe, it's a half sister, and she's in a state where there is a lot of level country and she's in an institution. She has been there for years. It's a mental case. Is that Kansas? [The lady says, 'That's right."] God bless you.

**65** Let me have that handkerchief. God be merciful. I now send this handkerchief, and may the demon spirit leave the girl, and may she come home normally and well. We ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Don't let no one touch that, or handle it, and put it in a letter right tomorrow and send it to her. God bless you and then write me the testimony, please. All right. Do you love Him? How could we do anything else but love Him? Now, if you can believe with all your heart, God will make you well. You believe it? Have faith. You come up from Indiana to get healed of that diabetes, didn't you, sir? All right. Stand up on your feet and accept your healing. God bless you. Go back down, be made well.

**66** You're up for an operation for a fistula over there, aren't you, lady? And you also got hemorrhoids. You believe that Jesus Christ will make you well, and will bring you out? If you believe it with all your heart, you may have it. You just accept it. That's up between you and God to do it. All right. Will you come? God bless you, sister. You believing with all your heart? [The lady says, "Yes."] You believe that God is here to reveal the very ... make known the secret thoughts of your heart? You believe He seen you ever since you was a baby. He has fed you ever since you was a baby. You believe He can make known everything you've done since you was a baby? Certainly He can. He is God, and there is nothing impossible with God. There's nothing impossible with those who believe in God. Is that right?

```
Luke 1:37 For with God nothing shall be impossible.

```
**67** What do you think about that, lady, sitting there with your hand up? Sure like to get over that hay fever, wouldn't you? Do you believe that God will make you well? How do I know you had hay fever? You don't know. Well, Jesus Christ reveals it. All right. If you believe with all your heart... Now, what do you think about it, lady, sitting next to her? Would you like to ... Yeah, you got high blood pressure, haven't you? That's right. You like to get over that too? Just raise up your hands and say, "I accept Jesus." Both of you say, "I accept Jesus as my Healer." You can have what your desire is. God will grant it to you. Amen. Oh, how merciful that our God is. You believe Him with all your heart?

**68** I seen someone's stricken out there that had a terrible pneumonia, left a lung condition, a pneumonia case. Isn't that right, lady, you sitting there looking right at me? I thought the vision was standing right above you because the chest trouble in here. Is that right? Well, Jesus Christ makes you well now. God bless you. You don't have to worry about that no more. God bless you. You can go home and be made well. Oh, isn't He wonderful? Is everybody believing? Are you ready to accept Him now as... You said He was your Saviour. Are you ready to accept Him as your healer? Let everybody in the building be healed and come up here and testify? Would you like to do that? You who can't walk, come up and show me how you can walk? You who can't hear, and someone with them can come up here and see that you can hear? Would you like to do that?

**69** Well, now He is here and has done it for you if you're willing to accept it. You believe it? I can hardly see you anymore. It's just ... I guess I'm just getting weak. Is this the last... Excuse me, lady. I'm sorry. See? Look this way. You believe with all your heart? Now, we are strangers, are we, sister? You have a trouble in the female ... it's the fallen womb. Isn't that right? Your husband has a trouble too, doesn't he? A stomach trouble. Is that right? You go down and lay your hands on him. God bless you. Believe God with all your heart, and you'll get just exactly what you ask for. I lay hands on you. You lay hands on him in the name of Jesus.

**70** How many wants to be prayed for out there? How many wants to be healed out there? Now, I'm going to ask you to do something. I want the piano to start with us, the organ slowly, softly: Only Believe, if you will. Let's bow our heads just a moment. Everybody just shut your soul in with God. Fifteen nights, lame walks, cripples take up their bed and go out of the building, stretcher cases are healed and turned back. The deaf hear, and the dumb speak. Sinners are rebuked of their sins. People who has lived in sin and professing Christianity has been called right out and told them what they were doing. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**71** One by one, you might pass the platform, God would tell you everything that's wrong. You know what's wrong with you. Let's settle it just now. I want you to lay your hands over on each other, if you will, for the healing of your body. I want you to repeat this prayer. You pray it and as I repeat it. Now, I just repeat it, you pray. Almighty God, the Author of life, giver of every good gift, look down upon me now in mercy. See my sickness and my condition and look into my heart, Lord. And if there be any unbelief, O God, take it from me now. Say, "I believe Thee. Help Thou my unbelief." I now am coming with a sincere heart to accept my healing. Now, may my faith be sufficient to receive it. In Jesus Christ's Name I ask it.

**72** Now, just remain with your heads bowed. Everybody praying no matter what's wrong with you now. And just don't raise your head. Keep your eyes closed. Just imagine what Jesus is doing right now. The Holy Spirit wooing over you. His mercies and power coming into your body right now making you well. The Angels of God are hovering around you. Now, that demon of unbelief that's the only thing that would keep you from being healed. Now, as God's servant, I'm going to ask him to leave this building. I'm going to ask him to get out of every person and to go out, and then when I ask him to go out, you believe he has gone, and then give God praise for it and your sickness will start leaving you right then. You'll get well.

**73** Now, if he can't stand up here on the platform before the prayer, he can't stand out there before the prayer. Now, it's just your faith. One man said, "Come lay your hands on my daughter." The other one said, "Just speak the Word, Lord." Now, you believe it if God has told the truth, surely I would know what truth was. Now, keep your heads bowed and I'm going to ask God to help me to make Satan leave everyone of you. Satan, the devil of unbelief, that's all. Jesus has already healed you. Our Heavenly Father, as this group of people has bowed here their heads low, their hearts open, to receive of Thy truth. Lo, they have looked each night and seen the great signs, and wonders, and miracles, that You are performing.

**74** Men of great renown standing, fall prostrate at Your feet and accept You, Lord. And I thank Thee for it. And now, Lord, that I believe that the day of the greatest revival that ever swept the lands is just at hand. I believe we're near something. I believe Jesus is coming. He'll always send mercy before judgment. And now, Lord, Satan's gone about like a roaring lion. We know the weeds and the wheat come up together, and they mature together. And right while unrighteousness and wickedness is spreading the land of the weeds, we know the wheat is maturing, also.

```
1 Peter 5:8 Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:

```
**75** And now, Lord, wilt Thou let Satan hold Your people? God forbid. Rise, O Jehovah, rise! Let Thine eyes turn towards this people tonight who is confessing. O Lord, ride upon the clouds. You who come on the winds of the morning come riding into this building, Lord. Show Satan who is boss! Take over, Lord! And now, as Your servant standing in Your place, I rebuke the Devil that's binding these people. Thou demon, as a servant of Jesus Christ, I adjure thee to leave this entire building. Come out of the people! Leave them in Jesus Christ's name!
