---
Date: 1960-04-17
Title: Go tell
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 7 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Go tell



**1** ...testify, and the little sister back there. I think it expresses that song; Oh, love of God, how rich and pure! How fathomless and strong... What a day it is for us. Let's just quietly, with our heads bowed now, sing that to the Lord, just before prayer. Just ... Teddy, if you will, give us the little chord. And let's just sing it, with our heads bowed, our eyes closed, just before prayer. Oh, love of God, how rich and pure! How measureless and strong! It shall forever... ... . . [Gap in the audio.]

**2** If the ink, all the water had turned to ink, and all the skies of parchment made, and every stalk on earth a quill, and every man a scribe by trade, yet it could not express the love of God to Adam's fallen race. We thank Thee, Father, for that precious blood of the Lord Jesus, and for that memorial morning of the resurrection, and for Thy redeeming love that's shed abroad in our hearts today by the Holy Spirit, bringing us into a fellowship with Him, the divine one, the Creator, bringing us into a brotherhood on earth, that's never been surpassed. No lodge, no vow, could never, never compare with the brotherhood of born-again men and women. And forever be saints and angels song! We pray today that You will bless all that we do in trying to express our gratefulness in our hearts to You, for what You have done for us. And to know that not only was the disciples' hearts made happy that morning, Mary and Mary Magdalene, but also we, your disciples today, our hearts is made happy the hour that we find that He is not dead, but alive. May He ever remain alive in our hearts, in our midst. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**3** There could never be anyone express the resurrection! Now, on this resurrection morning, it's a very wonderful time for little events to take place in the church now---that's mothers dedicating their babies. It's something new, something's been added to their home, some new blessing has come to them, and they want to, in returns, give it to God. And then after the morning message, we're going to have prayer for the sick, that you'll be resurrected from your sickness into new health. Then immediately after that, to those who haven't been baptized, we're going to have a resurrection of that---be buried in water, to rise to newness of life. It's altogether resurrection this morning. Resurrection! Our hearts are made happy and light, as we sing the songs and listen to the testimonies of others, of this marvelous resurrection morning. We look outside and we see God is happy about it, the trees are resurrecting.

**4** Some time ago, down in Kentucky, Mr. Woods and I were squirrel hunting and we went over to a man's place. That man may be sitting present right now, for all I know. And he was supposed to be an infidel. And Brother Woods asked him, said, "Can I squirrel hunt on your place?" He said, "Yes, Woods, you can squirrel hunt. Go on back." He said, "Well, I brought my pastor along." And he said, "Woods, you don't mean to tell me that you've got so low that you have to carry a preacher with you all the time!" And so he called me over to introduce me. And the fellow had said he was rather a kind of a hard fellow. He was told by others that... But he couldn't see anything to make him believe.

**5** And there was an apple tree standing there that I had picked up an apple off of. It was in August. And I said to the gentleman, I said, "How old is that tree?" And he said, "Some thirty years," something or other. He had planted it. And I said, "You have partaken of the apples since it's been bearing?" "Yes, sir." I said, "What happens to that tree? If you will look at it, it's now August, been hot weather all along; but now the leaves are falling off of that tree, and the sap is leaving the branches, going down into the roots. If it should stay up here through the winter, the tree would be no more; but it goes down into the dirt, to hide itself from the cold breezes. If it stayed up here, it would die, it wouldn't bear apples no more. But it goes down to hide itself in the roots, to come back next year, to bring you some apples from somewhere, and some leaves."

**6** And I said, "Now, sir, I pray you, tell me what intelligence makes that sap leave the tree before any cold weather, and goes down into the roots to hide? If you can tell me what does that, and explain it to me, what does it, then I'll let you put your hand on God." I said, "You put water on a post and see if it will do it, see if the changing of season will do it. There is some great intelligence that runs that sap down into the tree root, and then brings it back again with new life. That's God." And he said, "I have never went to church very much." He said, "But there was a preacher come out here to Acton one time, and told a certain woman, lived over on the hill, that her sister was over at the meeting that night, and told her she was praying for a sister that had cancer." And said, "Wife and I had been over there to help her." And said, "She was so bad, with cancer of the stomach, till they had to turn her in bed with a sheet, and so forth. Her sister brought the handkerchief back." Said, "After the man told her about her conditions and all, said put the handkerchief on her." And said, "She is well today." "And it just goes to show." I said, "The same intelligence that told that sap in the tree, year by year, right before your eyes, to go down into the roots and hide, was the same intelligence that told me that the woman would be healed when she put the..." I said, "That's not so mysterious. You got a far better preacher standing in your front yard, the tree, that tells you year after year."

**7** If we'll just look around, we see God everywhere. He is in every tree, every blade of grass. There is nothing can produce it but God. We can produce something looks like it; but not that life, it's God. Now, a little blade of grass has been added to some homes here, and we want to dedicate these little babies to the Lord. Teddy, we have a little song here we sing, "Bring Them In." Would you just play that while the mothers that wants their babies dedicated, and fathers, they'll bring their little ones up here at the altar. And we got a lot of little Easter flowers here on the altar this morning, haven't we? My, my! I imagine there is little Marys, Ruths, Rebekahs, little James, Paul, and John, all along here, little Easter flowers for another generation.

**8** It's all right, right there. I believe Brother Beeler wants to get this picture of this little fellow standing here. It's Brother Wood's grandchild. Sister Woods over here. And others are coming now with their little ones. Come right ahead, folks. That's all right. Brother Neville. Great is the union of holy wedlock. It is ordained by God. And through holy wedlock brings forth these darling little babies. You'll have to tell me its name here now. Brenda Sue. You look a lot different, baby, than when I seen you first. Well, here is little Brenda Sue Wood, really a precious little treasure to the hearts of all of us, and especially to this young mother and father.

**9** And in the Bible times... Many people sprinkles these little babies, but we try to follow the trend of the Bible as close as we can. We never seen where they were ever sprinkled in the Bible, but they were brought to the Lord Jesus and He blessed them. And we take them, as His servants, and lift them to Him. I believe that you know how proud the grandfather is, you know. Let's bow our heads just a moment. Lord Jesus, the child of God, who was delivered for our offense, and it's such a precious thing to see little children brought to You, in commemoration of what happened many years ago, when mothers and fathers brought their little ones to You. We hold before Thee today, in arms of faith, little Brenda Sue Wood, that's been sent into the family of our Brother David and his precious wife. Father God, bless this child. They are confessing their faith in Thee as they present their offspring to their union. And we pray that You will bless them. And may their hearts be warmed by the Holy Spirit to live such godly, consecrated lives, that this baby will be brought in the Christian home, brought up in the admonition of God, and live a long, happy life here on earth, and serve You all the days of its life. And in glory, where the families gather around, may little Brenda Sue and her papa and mama, and all her people, gather around the throne of God, redeemed by the grace of Christ, to which we lift her to Him now. My little sister, I now give thee to the Lord Jesus Christ, for a life of service to Him, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. God bless you, Marilyn, David, lots of happiness and success. May the little one live to the kingdom of God.

```
Matthew 19:13 Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.

Mark 10:13 And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.

Luke 18:15 And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.

Romans 4:25 Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.

```
**10** Now, here's a fine boy, a great big smile on his face. His name? Sharon Rose Dalton. Is this Brother Ed's baby? Well, someone, about twenty-two years ago God taken from my arms a little Sharon Rose which is in heaven today. And now to dedicate to Him is little Sharon Rose Dalton. We know Brother Ed and Sister Dalton, here is our precious friends. What a darling baby. Our heavenly Father, we bring to You this little Sharon Rose. In commemoration of the great Lord Jesus Who stood on the earth and they brought Him little girls like this, I pray for this baby, Lord. May it live and be strong and healthy. May it live to the glory of God. Bless its father and mother. May it be brought up in the admonition of God. They're confessing their faith in Thee as they present their baby to Thee. Now we give to You, little Sharon Rose Dalton, that You'll bless her life, Lord. I present her from the arms of her mother and father to Thee, My Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, for His glory. Amen. God bless you, sister, and you, brother.

**11** Oh, my, a little sick boy. What's his trouble? [Gap in the audio] ... something different; I believe Him. Lord, God, I hold to You little Mason. I pray, Lord Jesus that You will take this baby as I hold him here in my arms to dedicating him to You. I curse this affliction upon him. In the Name of Jesus Christ may little Mason be put into Your arms, Lord, and may the--may the baby live to honor and glory of God. The parents are expressing their faith as they bring him. May You heal the child and make him well. May he live to the glory of God, to serve you. Lord God, I give to You little Mason, in the Name of Jesus Christ, for his life and for his healing. Amen. [Gap in the audio] Just believe with all your heart.

**12** Oh, a little girl too? Well, that's fine. Come up here, little fellow and sit right up here. Your name is...? Sumner, Brother and Sister Sumner, I believe you're from Georgia, right? I thought I remembered the church, many people down there. This is? Latraya. Dwight and David. You've heard their name. May God write their names on the Lamb's Book of Life. Our heavenly Father, we bring these little darlings to You this morning as I put my hand on the little plaits across their head, little soft hair of these boys. O Lord, bless them. Their parents has expressed their love and their faith in Thee by presenting their children. And we dedicate them to You, Lord, as they taken from the arms of the parents to be stood here on this altar this morning to consecrate lives unto God. Bless them, Father. We pray that You'll let them live to be happy all the days of their life... Eternal Life in the world to come. May they be raised in the admonition of God in a Christian home. Now, by the commission of Jesus Christ, given an example to His ministers that they should follow as He had done, I present them to You in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Gap in the audio]

**13** Way down in the Sunshine state of Georgia, this baby was brought here by her loving father and her mother to be dedicated to You on this memorial morning. It's a trophy of Your grace in their family. I pray that You'll bless little Renee, her mother and father, and they express their faith in You by bringing the child, wanting Your blessings upon her. And may she live and be a strong, happy Christian all the days of her life and have Eternal Life in the days that is to come, and in the world that is to come. Grant it, Father. As You picked up such sweet little things as these children this morning in Your own arms, the families has expressed their faith in You by bringing them to Your servant. And we bless little Renee and give her to You from the arms of her parents to You. In the Name of Jesus Christ, may You bless her. Amen. Bless you... God bless you, dear. Let's just sing one little verse of that. Bring them in, bring them in, Bring them in from the fields of sin; Bring them in, bring them in, Bring the little ones to Jesus.

**14** Oh, how I would've loved to stood in the line and talked about each one of them little fellows, but I'm just so slow anyhow, and people are standing. Brother Wood told me this morning, said his back was just aching, from standing. You don't know how I appreciate you standing and waiting. And I'll be just as quick with the message as possible. And you listen real close. I didn't have time to prepare this morning's service, or this message this morning. Just a moment I picked up a text and ... something that was different. Last Easter I preached on the subject: "Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me; buried, He carried my sins far away; rising, He justified freely forever; someday He's coming, oh, glorious day!" And then this morning we preached on the subject: I Know.

**15** And now, if the Lord willing, I want to read from the chapter of St. Mark. And you pray with me now. And immediately after this will be the healing service. And then after the healing service will be baptismal service. And then the services will be tonight at seven-thirty. Now Mark 16. And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, ... Mary the mother of Jesus, and Salome, had brought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came to the sepulchre at the rising of the sun. And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre? And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great. And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted. And he said unto them, Be not afraid: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him. But go your way, and tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall you see him, as he said unto you. And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid. Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first unto Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils. And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept. You see, they were on the ash heap, too. And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not. How mysterious the words of God are! After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went unto the country. And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them. Afterwards he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen. And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; ... he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name they shall cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; They shall take up serpents; ... if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick ... they shall recover. So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God. And they went forth, and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen. I would like to take a text from two words: Go Tell.

```
Mark 16:1 And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.

Mark 16:2 And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.

Mark 16:3 And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?

Mark 16:4 And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.

Mark 16:5 And entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

Mark 16:8 And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.

Mark 16:9 Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.

Mark 16:10 And she went and told them that had been with him, as they mourned and wept.

Mark 16:11 And they, when they had heard that he was alive, and had been seen of her, believed not.

Mark 16:12 After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.

Mark 16:13 And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them.

Mark 16:14 Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Mark 16:19 So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.

Mark 16:20 And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.

```
**16** You know, it doesn't do much good to go if you haven't got something to tell. I think that's been a whole lot of the trouble of today. We go to tell, we go, but have nothing to tell, nothing of any benefit, nothing that would help people. But if we will follow the instructions, as these disciples who got the commission, we have the same commission, "Go tell my disciples that I am risen from the dead." Go tell it. Then He says, "Go preach it, and show these signs that I am alive from the dead." What a message! "Go tell and go show my disciples these things that you have seen, that I am not dead, but risen from the dead."

```
Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

```
**17** In the morning message this morning, we found that every one of us has a little ash heaps of troubles and trials that we sit perched upon sometimes, waiting for the comfort. We found that the great patriarch Job got a vision, because they hadn't had an Easter yet, but he saw four thousand years away, this morning. He saw four thousand years away an Easter, and screamed out in his distress, "I know my redeemer liveth! The last days, He will stand on the earth. Though after the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." Now, after the Easter, we find that God gave man a commission, "Go tell! And if you do tell, this will follow you. Go and tell!" Now, it doesn't do no good, as I have said, to go unless you've got something to tell. And if you've got the wrong message to tell, then it won't do any good. You've got to tell what is the secret.

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

```
**18** Some time ago I was reading in a book, of a little boy that entered a contest. And in this contest he was to make himself a famous name. Any little boy who could keep the password in his mind till he got to a certain place and he would speak this password, and the gate keeper would let him through. That was to test the IQ of the child. And when he got to the place, speaking the passwords that was given him, the gate would open and he would win a great honor. One little boy, being very swift-footed, and knowed good and well that he could outrun all the rest of the boys in the contest---or he thought he could---he practiced day after day, of running. How he pumped up his little lungs, got his physical body in trim, so that he wouldn't tire as he run. And he practiced how to start with his feet, and get a head plunge ahead of the rest of the boys. And how that he must breathe during the time of his running, in order to hold the oxygen that came to his body, to keep him pumping on, that it wouldn't slow up his heart too much. He studied it from every angle that he could.

**19** And in the morning that the race started, there was more than a hundred and fifty little boys lined up, at a certain age. This little boy was rather a good-sized boy for his age. And he remembered all of his training. And he got ready. They got on the line, put their little faces against the string that come along, pushed their little nose up against it. He had studied all the rules of that, making hisself ready. And then when the gun fired, and the line was broken, the little boys jumped forward, and this little guy so physically fit until he jumped way ahead of the rest of them. And down the track he went with a terrific speed, well trained, until he could outrun every boy that was in the race. And he was there, oh, quite a long time, maybe a minute or more, before the best of the other runners ever reached the place. But, all of his physical training, he had forgotten the password. He had forgotten the very thing that he was to say, to let him in the gate. And he paced back and forth, and stalled and searched through his mind. He had been so interested in the natural, physical conditions of his body, till he had forgotten the main thing. On down the line, some boys that didn't run so fast, remembered the password, and entered in.

**20** So is it today! We are so interested in building great shrines, and churches and buildings, and so forth, and so interested in keeping our churches in good trim, with fine buildings and nice plush pews and fine organs. Our ministers so well trained from ... they've got Doctor, D.L., Ph.D., LL.D. degrees, but we forgot what we are running for. That's the trouble. "Go tell my disciples that I have raised from the dead and I will meet them in Galilee." We forgot the key word. We've been so busy with other things, making big churches, building big denominations, till we forgot the key word.

```
Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

```
**21** Many lives has been saved because of preparation for oncoming events. Some time ago, I was told that in Florida, the newsman, the weather bureau, sent out a newscast that there was a great storm coming. And one man was a poultry raiser, and he went to his neighbor and told him that the storm was coming. He ignored, and said, "Nonsense!" And he just kept on. He never put up his chickens. He never went into the dugout. He never made any arrangements. And his neighbor did make the arrangements. But, all, of the one who did not take the warning, all of his chickens was blowed away and killed, his house was tore down, his stock was lost, he was sent to the hospital. All because he did not take heed and warning! He knowed the message was given, but he failed to take heed to the message.

**22** That's the way it's come today with many of our people, with many of our churches. We know that the Bible teaches that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We know that the Bible teaches ... Jesus said, in St. John 14:12, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also; greater works than this shall he do, because I go to the Father." Now we've been interested in other things, not taking warning, not taking heed. We have run, but not taking heed to the message. We've gone, but didn't know what to tell when we get there.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**23** A few days ago when the churches of this world, when the Christian churches was brought to a shame and a disgrace, when the honorable and notable and God-fearing servant, Billy Graham, was brought face to face with the Bible. He had run, but had forgotten the message, when that Mohammedan stood to his face and told him, "If this be the Word of God, let's see you make it manifest." He had run well, great revivals, great things. But when it come to the place, he didn't have the message: "I am risen from the dead. I am the same yesterday, today, and forever." Running, physically, fine churches, many members, great denominations, but that's not the keynote. Watch what followed: "And these signs shall follow them that believe." Go, but didn't know what to tell. God never sent a man unless He give him something to say. God always confirms His words. Going, but not able to tell when you get there. No matter how big your revivals are, how big your church is, or how much your denomination predominates the others, if you haven't got something to tell them, what have you got but a bunch of people gathered together like a lodge? We got a message to tell the world: "Jesus is alive! He is not dead!" Taking heed to the message!

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**24** In this great nation that we now are thankful for, the United States of America, all of its chaos and all of its vulgar, all of its bad points, still it's the greatest nation in the world. And in the beginning, because it was set out right. It hasn't packed the message. Many years ago, when it was in its infancy, a story comes to my mind, that the British was going to take the commonwealth of this nation. There had been a group of men that had assembled themselves together and was on duty, watching. And there was a horse stood hitched, and a rider ready to mount at any minute. First thing he got was a sign that the British was coming, and he straddled his horse. What good would it do him to spur his horse, what good would it be to beat the horse and try to make his way from that church to Boston, what good would it done him if he didn't have a message to tell the people? How would they know to prepare themselves?

**25** Our modern Paul Reveres has run well, but they're just running, there is no message. The hour is here, a crisis is on! A world is at the end! Churches has met their climax, nations has met their climax, human life has met its climax, science has met its climax. We've organized and made big churches, polished our preachers and physically set them together, that they know how to use their verbs and adverbs, and their sounds and all their vowels, and everything just right, and psychology, to contact the people. But that wasn't what Jesus said! "In my name they shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. If a deadly serpent would bite them, it wouldn't harm them. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." The world needs a messenger with a message, to tell something, and know where the message come from and who it come from.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**26** Paul Revere, as he got on his horse, a gallant man, a man that's in history as long as there is a nation to be history of... He made that notable ride from the church steps, with a message that alarmed everyone, from the poorest to the richest, from the farmer to the businessman: "The British are coming!" And the minutemen made themselves ready for an attack. And this great nation was saved. If this heritage of God, if this people that God died for, if this church that's called by His name, is ever to be saved, we've got to have a messenger with a message from the throne, to meet the challenge of this day. There is a Goliath, but God will surely have a David somewhere. We've got to meet the contact. We've got to have a message.

**27** We are going, but with nothing to say. It proves it, when we come to a place that a nation or a people that denies Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, and stands in the face of our most challenging ministers of today. And then in our great church league, finding some thirty Communists, packing papers for twenty or thirty years, that they're members of the communistic party, in our united churches. What can we do? It shows they have run without a message, selling out the very birthrights of the nation, selling out the regular birthrights of the church. It all has come to a showdown. It's come to a place that the little church that's believed the message, and stood on both feet, with their eyes centered to the cross, in their heart the resurrection of Jesus Christ, burning! It's come to a place where the nations has got to recognize it. It's to a showdown. No wonder that the churches... When the Council of Churches, it's so honeycombed with communistic, no wonder they can't believe in the supernatural, no wonder they can't believe in divine healing. They don't have any message in their heart, no matter how hard they're running.

**28** If the Holy Ghost comes into a man's heart, he will believe that Jesus Christ is raised from the dead, and He's alive in him to do, and to do the will that He come to do, to will the will of God through the man's life. But, the trouble, we run, we go without a message. We go with theology. We go with some kind of a church interpretation of the Scriptures. We've got to go with the resurrection! "Go tell my disciples that I'll organize a new church"? No, sir! "Go tell my disciples that I am risen from the dead, as I said I would be." That's the message to the church this morning, that Jesus is not dead. He's alive, and just as great and powerful today as He ever was. We've had many messages of warnings, to make ready. Paul Revere and other great men, and great wars and storms, and things.

```
Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

```
**29** Then God sends a message of comfort, too. This was a message of comfort. Some time ago, when they had slavery in the South, the Boers brought over from South Africa, the native, what we call today, the colored man. And they brought them over here and sold them to the Americans in the South, to make slaves out of them. Great uprise about it in Africa today, assassinations, and so forth, going on. They are fighting for their freedom. They have a right to fight for it. God made man; man made slaves. It never was intended.

**30** Some few years ago, I was in a coliseum, or a great museum, rather. I was walking around, looking at different pictures and things, for I admire art. I think God is in art. And I walked up, and I noticed there was an old Negro man. He was real old, stooped in his shoulders, just a little rim of hair at the back of his head. He had his hat on. And he was walking around, and something in that manner, looking around, as if he was watching or looking for something in the museum. I stood back and watched him for a little while. And after a while he come to a certain little box there. And he looked into it, and he startled, and his eyes brightened up. He jumped back from the box a minute, took off his little plug hat, held it in his hand. And I watched him. And as the old darky bowed his head, the tears begin to drop off of his cheeks. And I watched him with an amazement, for quite a little bit.

**31** And I thought, "I'll find out what the old fellow was so excited about." I walked around on this side, and it looked to me like a dress laying in there. And I looked at him standing there. And I walked over, I said, "How do you do, uncle?" And he said, "How do you do, sir." And I said, "I am a minister. I was surprised to see you offering prayer at this place." I said, "I would believe that you are a Christian." He said, "I am, sir." And I said, "What excited you so much?" He said, "Come here." And I walked with the old fellow over there. He said, "You see that dress?" I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "You see that spot on there?" I said, "Yes, sir." Said, "Put your hand on my side." I said, "What's that rough place?" He said, "A slave belt went around there one day. That's the blood of Abraham Lincoln." He said, "His blood took the slave belt off of me." Said, "Wouldn't that excite you, too?"

**32** I stood there in amazement. I thought, "If the blood of Abraham Lincoln would excite a slave, for taking a slave belt off of him, what ought the blood of Jesus Christ do to a people like Rosella here, that was a slave to alcoholism; to me, dying, a miserable wretch? He took the slave belt of sin from my heart. Oughtn't it to excite a man? Oughtn't it to make him feel different? Oughtn't it to make him reverence when he thinks of it? You can't see a tree without bowing your head, hardly, knowing that Jesus redeemed your life on that tree.

**33** As we continue a moment, with the slaves, and our thought, there was a proclamation, emancipation of the proclamation, that was signed, and the slaves was going to be free upon a certain day. You don't know, oh, if you've never met Christ, you never know what that meant to them slaves when it went, the message, throughout the land, that, "You're going to be free on such-and-such a day, at daylight. You're going to be free. You'll not have to wear slave belts anymore, neither will you get any more whippings. But you are free, and you are a citizen of this great United States. You are not no more a slave, after daylight on a certain-certain morning." Oh, with great anticipations, they waited. If the sinner could only see that! If the sinner would only hear the true Gospel! Not the joining of a church; but the preaching of the Gospel, that you can be free from sin, that you can be free from your sickness. At a certain-certain time, that's the time you believe.

**34** You know, those slaves were so excited and under such anticipation, waiting for the hour that they would be free, until, they tell me, that they gathered at the bottom of the hill, mothers and little children, all gathered, and some of the old. And they climbed up to the top of the hill, around midnight. They knowed when the day breaks and the sun come up, that they would be free. It wouldn't take over one half of a minute to shine, the sun from the top of the hill, but some of them was up on top the hill, watching, watching. "Oh, when the sun rises, we are free." That was the s-o-n ... or, s-u-n. But when the S-o-n rises one of these days! And when the S-o-n rose some nineteen hundred years ago, He broke every slave belt, He set every captive free, He healed every sickness, He gave freedom to those who are in bondage. How we ought to climb and watch!

**35** And when the sun peeped up, first, the man was at the highest saw it, and he shouted down to the next man, "We are free!" And the next man shouted to the man farther down the hill, "We are free!" until it come to the camp, "We are free!" for the sun was arising. They were waiting, waiting, waiting for that hour. How much more ought we to be waiting, today, for the S-o-n of God? We are free from sin, we are free from the shackles, we are free from habits. We are free from smoking, drinking, carousing, because the S-o-n of God has raised from the grave and has broke every fetter. All condemnation is gone! The debt has been paid. The penalty is paid. The sins are washed away, and we are free. Oh, we are free, people! Slavery. Freedom, when the Son of God rises with healing in His wings! Someday He will rise from the throne, come back to the earth. And then we'll be free from all pains and all temptations, free from all mortal aches and whatever goes with mortal life, to live with Him forever. We'll be free. "Go tell," that's the thing to do.

```
Malachi 4:2 But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall.

```
**36** In the Bible time, there was a jubilee year come, people that were sold out for debts that they owed. They owed a debt and they could not pay it, so they went and sold themselves to people for slaves. And they had to be their slave, their bond slave, all their life. But, every so often, there come a day of grace, what was known as jubilee year. And when the jubilee year was come, then there went a priest out and sounded a trumpet. And that trumpet denoted to every slave, no matter how long he had been serving, how much longer he had to serve, when that trumpet sounded, that slave was made free. He could lay down the hoe and go home to his children. He didn't have to work any longer, because he was free when the jubilee sounded. That trumpet gave not an uncertain sound, but it gave a certain sound. And the man could lay down his instrument, go home free from slavery.

```
Leviticus 25:10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.

```
**37** This morning, the Bible said, "If the trumpet gives an uncertain sound, who will know what to do?" If the Bible has preached that Jesus Christ has raised from the dead, He is the same yesterday, today and forever, and the trumpets that we are hearing sounded today say, "the days of miracles is passed, there is no such a thing as divine healing," who will know how to prepare themselves? What we need today is anointed messengers from God! "He has raised from the dead! He's the same yesterday, today, and forever!" That's the message of the day. Oh, there has been great messages, but Easter capped them all! Great messages---Easter was all of it. When the dead ... was made preparation, that ... the last enemy. We had seen sickness healed in the Old Testament. We had seen miracles performed in the Old Testament. There were visions come in the Old Testament. But every man went right to the grave, wondering would he ever rise again. But on Easter morning, when these disciples got the greatest message that any man could ever get, what did they get? "Go tell my disciples, I am risen from the dead!" Death had been conquered!

```
Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

Romans 6:9 Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him.

1 Corinthians 14:8 For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?

1 Corinthians 15:26 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**38** There never was nobody on earth, no prophet, no great man, no sainted person could ever conquer. They could conquer sickness by the Spirit of God. They could conquer the time, by the Spirit of God, and foresee things that was coming. They could conquer that. But never was there a man anointed with such an anointing from God, that could make this statement, "I can lay My life down, I'll take it up again. Tear down this body, I'll raise it on the third day." There never was a man could make a statement like that. And they was wondering in their hearts, whether this would be true or not. But on Easter morning they got a message, "Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature. I am raised from the dead. Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe: in my name they shall cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; if they take up serpents or drink deadly things, it shall not harm them; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." The Easter message, it's one of the most outstanding messages there is. Death had been conquered!

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

John 2:19 Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.

John 2:21 But he spake of the temple of his body.

John 10:18 No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.

```
**39** We think of a conqueror. Napoleon, at the age of thirty-three, had conquered the world. He conquered the world, he whipped every nation there was to be whipped. And he was so discouraged because there was nobody else to fight, he sat down and cried. There was nobody else to fight. But he played the rules of the game unfair. Tens of thousands of prostitutes followed his army. He went with a gun and with a sword. At the age of thirty-three, he had conquered the world. But he was once a prohibitionist, and died a extreme alcoholic, because he had played the rules of the game unfair. He had forgot the message. He had conquered, but he had forgot the message. He went, but he forgot what he was going for. Like the little boy that run the race, like the church is running today, like the people that's running, like the nation is running!

**40** Our refuge is not atomic bombs; our refuge is Jesus Christ and His resurrection. Napoleon had forgot the main thing. What happened to him? He died totally defeated, a drunken sot. Why? He didn't play the game right, though he had conquered the world, physically. He had prepared an army. He was a military genius. He took every nation and done the things that no other man could ever done or ever did do like him, but he had forgot what the real message was. He had taken it, and got his military strength, but he forgot the strength of the Lord. The strength of the Lord is our consolation. We have no other strength. No other refuge, have I none! God have mercy! Take my life, but never let me forget from whence cometh my strength. It comes from the Lord! I don't want the fine things of the world. I want Jesus, I want His resurrection burning in my life.

**41** How different that was from Jesus Christ at thirty-three! At the age of thirty-three, Jesus owned everything. He made the world. And He was in the world, and the world knew Him not. He never made Hisself no reputation. He never gathered no military men. He never organized any churches. He never made any great names for Himself. He never come forth with any boasting degrees of doctrine, theology, and so forth, never had a record of Him ever going into any school of theology. But He had God. He had God! And at the age of thirty-three, He had conquered every devil that stuck his head out of hell. He conquered sickness, He conquered superstitions, He conquered devils. He had conquered death. And when He died at the cross, He descended into the bottomless pits of hell and conquered hell.

```
John 1:10 He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

Philippians 2:7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:

```
**42** And on Easter morning, He conquered the grave. Why? He played the rules of the game right, running with the message. He'd gone! "Go." God sent Him, and He had a message to tell them. And with the message that God give Him, He conquered the powers of Satan. He conquered sickness, He conquered death, He conquered hell, He conquered the grave. Why? He went! "Go tell!" "I always do that what My Father shows Me to do. I do nothing but what He tells Me to do." Then before He died, He said this, "Even as the Father has sent me, so send I you." Not to build men by military strength, not to put all your time in who will be President. That might be essential, but it's not essential in this. The world is gone. We've got one message. That is, Jesus Christ raised from the dead, and He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 20:21 Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**43** Yesterday, in a little court room, they were trying to make me say something that wasn't right. I said, "I am not a crook." I said, "I'm honest. And you can't say no more but what that's the truth." And a certain man was with me, said, "If a man would talk to me like that, I'd feel like throwing the book at him." I said, "No, sir. No, that's not right. That's not the way to approach it. Not right." He said, "Well, why don't you know these things go on? Why ain't you out there doing this?" I said, "I spend my time serving Jesus Christ." O God! Oh, the people are blind and can't see it!

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

John 20:21 Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.

Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

```
**44** "As the Father has sent me..." The Father sent Him; He went. He had a message to tell the people. And in the hour of death, He conquered death and He conquered hell, and He conquered the grave. "As the Father sent me with the message, I send you with the message; (not to build churches, organizations) but go ye into all the world and demonstrate the power of the Holy Ghost. These signs shall follow them that believe; in My name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up serpents." And as our bodies go to the grave, as His did, He has conquered both death, hell, and the grave. He is the mighty conqueror. He sends us with His message. Let's go with the message, go with something to tell. Go tell! Not run and then not be able to tell; let's first get it in our own heart.

**45** When you come up to be prayed for this morning, don't come in a haphazard way. Come with the message in your heart, "I am He that was dead, and alive again. I am the One that give the message, 'these signs shall follow them that believe.'" If God Almighty could take a little cross-eyed baby and turn his sight back normal, God could take a baby, a baby boy born, never did see in his life, and sixteen years old, restore his eyesight back to him, God can take a miserable wretch of a cancer, eaten red, in a person... And because the message is right, because God sent the message, because God sent the messenger, no doubt that every gun of hell will be firing at him. That's right, he will stumble and fall, and get up and shake his head, and go on, We got a message, nothing is going to stop it! Hallelujah! "Upon this rock I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will never prevail against it." They can say what they want to, do what they want to, the devil can rage and howl. But Jesus raised from the dead, He lives today in us!

```
Matthew 16:17 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

```
**46** A few days ago, talking to the great Doctor Lamsa, who translated the Bible from the Aramaic into English. And I seen that little sign, God's sign on there, with three little dots in it. I said, "Doctor Lamsa, what is that?" He said, "It's God, with three attributes." And I said, "You mean God living in three offices, such as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost?" He raised and looked at me, tears come in that Jew's eyes. He said, "Do you believe that, Brother Branham?" I said, "With all that's in my heart!" He throwed his arms around me, and said, "I wondered when I seen that great things going forth, and the signs that you were doing." Said, "They told me you was a prophet. I didn't believe it till now. Now I know you are." He said, "That's it! That's the message. That's the thing that will shake the kingdom of God." He said, "Someday you'll die for it, boy." Said, "You will seal your testimony with that very same thing."

**47** One of the greatest men we got. When Eisenhower and great men of the world, Hollywood, all kinds of movie stars and everything calling for him, but hung right there in the meeting. He said, "I have been thirty-some-odd years, getting this translation, not from the Vatican Greek, but from the Aramaic---right straight from that, from the Aramaic into the English." And he said, "I've spent all that time," he said, "I have just now walked into the place where I see God of the Bible moving." He said, "You know, Brother Branham, we can see signs and wonders, but we watch what voice the sign has. We Jews, we see a sign, but we watch the voice of the sign."

**48** Oh, hallelujah! The voice of the sign! God told Moses, "If they won't hear the voice, the voice of the first sign, then they'll hear the voice of the second sign." Not so much the sign, but the voice went with it. See that Jew, he knowed what he was talking about. He said, "I've seen discernments, I've seen signs, wonders, the blind being made well, and all kinds of different signs, but I wondered. But now I see the voice behind it will not cut God in three parts, and saying He is one God the Father, and next the Son, ... He said, "God is God---three attributes of God, three offices of God." Said, "That confirms it." Oh, brother, we got a message! "Go tell my disciples! I wasn't one that died, and another one is pretty near dead, and the other one is alive. I am He that was, which is, and shall come; the root and offspring of David, the bright and morning star." Yes!

```
Exodus 4:8 And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.

Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

Revelation 1:8 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.

Revelation 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

```
**49** What good does it do to go, if you haven't got something to tell? Got something to tell! That's right. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, loves you all. He died for you all, Jesus Christ the Son of God. How many has ever been in the meetings, and see the great signs and wonders of His appearance, of how He discerns and shows, and things? That's the God of heaven, who has raised from the dead. You ought to see the sign of ... the Hebrew sign of it. It's a light, like a pillar of fire, and in there is three little marks, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, which was not three persons. It was one God living in three offices. The same God! Hallelujah! God above you, God with you, God in you. The same, condescending Himself, cleaning out His church, that He might live. When you cut Him to pieces and put one out here, and one over here, one there, it's pagan as it can be.

**50** I believe the resurrection of Jesus Christ, raised from the dead! And He was the only man could say that "All powers in heavens and earth is given unto My hands. All powers of heavens and earth is given unto My hands. Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." The gospel came not in word only, but through power and demonstrations of the Holy Ghost. God help you to believe that, God help me to believe that, and we will see Jesus someday. When the toils of life is over, We shall see Jesus at last; On His beautiful throne, He will welcome me home, After the day is through. The sands have been washed in the footprints Of that Stranger from Galilee's shore.

```
Matthew 28:18 And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

1 Thessalonians 1:5 For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.

```
**51** They killed Him because He made Himself God; and He was God. They hung Him, because He died under capital punishment. That's the reason I don't believe in capital punishment. Jesus died under the punishment of capital punishment from the federal government of Rome. The capital punishment was hanging on a cross. He died under capital punishment. Stripped His clothes off of Him, and hung there, disgraced Him, and He died in that condition. But God raised Him up on the third day! And we are His witnesses. And if we don't stand for Him, who is going to stand for Him?

```
Luke 9:22 Saying, The Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be slain, and be raised the third day.

John 19:7 The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.

1 Peter 1:21 Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.

```
**52** A man met me the other day, said, "Oh, Brother Branham, don't you tell ... you quit telling... You hurt women's feelings, about them wearing short hair, and about them doing this and doing that, and so forth like that." I said, "If I don't tell them, who is going to tell them? Who is going to tell it?" Say, "Well, you make them preachers angry." I'd rather have them angry at me, than Him. It's the truth. That's right! Then who is going to tell it? Somebody has got to tell it. Jesus said, "Go tell. Go and tell, tell My disciples that I have risen from the dead. Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world." Do you believe that, friends? Let us pray, as we bow our heads now for prayer.

```
Matthew 28:6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.

Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

```
**53** O Father God! Truly, "Go tell, go tell my disciples that I have raised from the dead." And Father God, not only did You tell Your disciples, but You proved to them You was raised from the dead. You showed Yourself with them, and done just exactly the way You did before You died. Nineteen hundred years has come and gone, Lord, the message still burns. It's just as bright and burning in our hearts today as it was them disciples, for we see the risen Lord right in our midst, doing the things that He did before. We know that He has raised from the dead. Easter means much to us, because we have joined in and enjoined the fellowship of His resurrection. For we are once dead in sin and trespasses, like the prodigal son, but now we have found grace, and God has forgiven us of our sins. He has also give us the seal, like He did Father Abraham, to confirm that He has accepted us. Father Abraham said he believed God, but He give him the seal of circumcision, as a confirmation that he did believe Him. And now, Father, today we are circumcised by the Holy Ghost, all the things of the world has passed away. We have one objective: serve You. We have one desire: love You, be Your disciple.

```
Genesis 17:11 And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.

Matthew 28:7 And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.

Matthew 28:10 Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.

Mark 16:6 And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.

Mark 16:7 But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

```
**54** And now, Lord I pray that You will confirm this little broken up message to every heart. Let them not miss it. Let them see that You are the same yesterday, today, and forever, that You are here, raised from the dead, and will be until the spirit and the body unites together again at the second coming. I pray for the sick that's here, Father, this morning. I have now, on this Easter morning, laid aside (or, not laid aside, but just laid by for a moment of time) the gifts that Thou has given me, such as discernment. The world, I've been back and forth across the nations, Lord, they all know it. Now I pray that the message that You gave me up here in the woods a few days ago, that on the creative power which sets in this church this morning, the very people it was created on... I pray, God, as I come to lay my hands on the sick this morning, with my brethren here, that You will fall on this church this morning, with mercy, and that You will heal the people, that there won't be one feeble person in our midst when the service is over. May every one of them be blessed and be healed.

**55** We realize, Lord, it's nothing we could work ourself up to. It's simple childlike faith, believing. We can see the disciples after they were given power to heal the sick, they went forth and was defeated on an epileptic case; screaming and crying, perhaps, and jumping up and down, and trying to make that devil leave. But when he met Jesus, oh, how different. He said, "Thou evil spirit, come out of him." What a difference. Oh, he knowed that that wasn't an apostle. That was the Lord Himself. And the spirit tore the boy and throwed him on the ground. But Jesus said, "He's not dead. Just take him up and give him some food." The evil spirit had left. O Jesus, Thou Son of God, come again, anoint Your church freely, fully, powerfully. May the Spirit of the living resurrected Jesus resurrect this little church this morning into a new faith, power, power of faith, that we might put every gainsayer to shame. Grant it, Lord. Committing all these people to You, asking that You will bless them and give them salvation to their souls, healing to their bodies, through Jesus Christ our Lord.

```
Matthew 14:15 And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.

Matthew 14:18 He said, Bring them hither to me.

Mark 9:25 When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.

Mark 9:26 And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead.

Mark 9:27 But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.

Luke 9:39 And, lo, a spirit taketh him, and he suddenly crieth out; and it teareth him that he foameth again, and bruising him hardly departeth from him.

Luke 9:42 And as he was yet a coming, the devil threw him down, and tare him. And Jesus rebuked the unclean spirit, and healed the child, and delivered him again to his father.

```
**56** And with our heads bowed, I'm going to ask the question, is there someone here that's not a Christian, would like to be remembered now, and say, "Pray for me, Brother Branham"? God bless you there. Someone else, "I'm not a Christian. I've heard the news that Jesus raised from the dead, but really I don't know it. He's never raised in my heart. I have no satisfaction. I'm sick, too. I'll go through a prayer line, come back and go through another one, come back and go through another one. I'll go from church to church, and place to place." That's not it. It's believing Him. He raised from the dead. That settles it. Someone else would raise your hand? Say ... God bless you. God bless you. Someone else, "I want to believe. I want to believe." How many is sick in here? Raise your hand, say, "I want to believe. I want to know the message this morning." God bless you. That's fine. Yes, God bless you, son. Good. All right.

**57** Now, Teddy, I want you to play the "Great Physician" just a minute, if you will, "now is near." And while you're doing that... That's hard right now. Visions are breaking all over the building, see. Yeah, I'm trying to ... I was trying to let this be a resurrection, a little higher, a little higher from the ash heap I have sat on. I want a little more of a revelation. I know one thing, as long as I hold onto that first ministry, the second won't come. It didn't come. Now as long as I hold onto the second, the third won't come, see. I've got to step right out, step out and believe it, "God said so!" A few days ago... Now you can raise your heads now if you wish to. I got your hands, God got them.

**58** I want to tell you a little something. Brother Ed Daulton, I believe he just come in the door, fine Baptist brother, him and his wife. Brother Jeffries is here somewhere. Othel Jeffries, he's here, I know he is here somewhere. However, them brethren had formed a meeting for me to go to, down in Kentucky. Brethren, precious brothers, loving their neighborhood and their people. They got auditoriums and armory buildings and things. Just for one night's service they had rented a armory. Little J. T. Hoover, ever what his ... L. G. Hoover had formed one down in Elizabethtown, and Brother Ed Daulton over at Willow Shade or Somerset, Somerset. And the other brother was down around Glasgow, where I was born at. People in there where I was born and raised, where the angel of the Lord first appeared to me.

**59** And I wanted to go back. But I felt a little nudge. And I said, "Well, for the brethren's sake, I'll set the meeting." As soon as I arrived in this valley, my throat closed right up and I didn't speak for nine days, till the meetings passed by. Brother Ruddell, he may be here this morning, too, one of the brothers from this Tabernacle, him and Junie Jackson and them, I was supposed to have a meeting for him. And immed... my throat just closed up. And the first thing you know, I took a fever of about a hundred and five. And I was going to the meeting first, and Doc Schoen said to me ... I said, "My throat is hoarse."

**60** He said, "I'll give you something to loosen up them larynx, and you can go ahead and preach." And I took something another he give me, and what it was, it pulled that sinus down and blocked it. Then I laid in the bed for nine days, with just a high burning fever. Many of my brethren here come to me, many famous brothers come prayed for me. Here come Brother Graham Snelling, here come Brother Ruddell, all these brothers here, all gathered in, praying and everything else. Me praying, trying my best, couldn't even whisper. I wondered, "What's it all about?" My lovely little wife sitting there, her and them praying for me, just kept on staying just the same. They couldn't understand. Now, he give me some medicine to take, but I didn't take it because it was dope. And then I just let it go. And I just kept thinking, "Lord, surely!"

**61** And then after the meetings was all over, on a Monday, that was ... last meeting was supposed to be on Saturday. And then, I believe ... and then on Monday I had tried to get up. I was so weak, I couldn't go through the room. I sat down. You know, I'm so thankful for a God-given wife. Aren't you, brethren? A real wife, a real companion! I sat down. I motioned to her, and got her over close to me. I said, "Meda, sometimes I wonder," I said, "I wonder what's the matter." I said, "Why would them meetings be there, and God let me lay like this?" I said, "Why was it?" And I said, "Sometimes I wonder if He even called me." She said, "Ain't you ashamed of yourself?" See? And she told me, said, "Bill, don't you know that God knows what He's doing with you? Just ... just be quiet."

**62** And so I went in. That kind of rebuked me a little, you know. And so I went in and laid down on the bed. She come in to change the sheets. And she had got the things on her arm, and when she started out, I looked, and there was a... I seen an old ... a great big armory building, that the sun had shined down and bursted out on the ground, blowed it to pieces, the sun shining down from heaven. And there come three women and a man, come up, and they had out like little bitty, like little ... some kind of little shooting guns, like. And they said, "That drives nails." And said, "You hold these pieces up, Brother Branham, and we'll build this armory back up for you." And I said, "All right, I'll do that." But something said, "Don't do it." Well, I reached down to get a piece, like this, to build it up, like this. And just then a voice spoke to me, and said, "Now they're on the road to get you to go back. Don't you believe it." Said, "They're ever so sincere, and they're coming to you with "Thus saith the Lord," but they're wrong," see.

**63** Fred Sothmann, many of them here, was right there when I told them about it. In less than an hour, the people drove right up to my door. I said, "There is three women and a man." "That's exactly right." "They come with "Thus saith the Lord"? "Yes, sir." I said, "Of course, you know what to tell them." Sincerely wrong, see. Fine people, but sincerely wrong, see. Then I thought, "Well, what can I do? What must I do?" And then Meda come in, and she had gone on back. And Brother Freddie went and told the people. And then after a while, I was in there on the bed, and I thought, "Why does it happen that way? Why can't I speak? Why can't I talk to somebody, or something?" And I was laying in there. And Meda come in, and was going back out of the room.

**64** And I looked, and I seen something make a flicker over to one side. And I looked, and there was my wall opened up, and I seen Jesus. How many of you ever heard me say that I seen Jesus twice in my life, in a vision? And I believed I would see Him again before the end time, see, see Him again. Now, I looked, and the skies was right out there, just looked like I looked through the wall. And there was the Bible standing right like this, great big Bible standing in the skies. Well, there was something got light around the Bible, and out of the Bible come a real pretty golden cross. And it stood out like this, and the lights coming from all around it, and out of that cross He walked. The Bible reflected the cross, the cross reflected Him. And He come walking out, and walked right down to where I was at. I can see it just as plain, I can see that cross reflecting His hair standing there, hung down over His face.

**65** He looked down at me like that, and He said to me, "You are waiting for your new ministry to be confirmed to you." He said, "I've already confirmed it to you. It's already confirmed. You've got to accept it," see. And I stood and listened to Him just a minute. And it come into my mind, I didn't hear that, it just come into my mind. Like a man, that he's been a sinner all of his life, and he knows there is a Bible, knows there is a God, but all at once he hears a sermon, then something tells him, "It's you." Then that same word has been there all the time, yet it's confirmed to him. Then he says, "Lord, forgive me." But it won't do no good until he accepts his salvation, then he goes out and is a Christian. No matter how much he cries, how much he begs, he's got to accept It. And He said to me then, "You've got to accept it the same way. You've got to believe it."

**66** I'm afraid of defeat. Anything, I'm afraid I'll bring a reproach. I'm always afraid of it, watching, think I'll call the wrong thing, Because, I've took warning of the Bible, how that Moses was given great power, and he smote the rock instead of speaking to it. I remember of Elijah, because he went bald-headed, them little children teasing him about being bald-headed. He put a curse on those children, and forty-two of them was killed by bears, see. And that wasn't the Holy Spirit, but that prophet, angered. And I've went through all the things, coming to that. And there He stood, talking to me. And He said, "But you walk with too many." He said, "To walk with Me, you'll walk alone."

```
Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

2 Kings 2:23 And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.

2 Kings 2:24 And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.

```
**67** I had seen that. I had been catering too much to denominations and everything, you see, somebody trying to tell you what to do and what not to do. You got to follow Him. Now, remember the vision that He give me about the fishes, you know, and how that you couldn't teach supernatural signs to Pentecostal babies. You remember. And there it was. And I'm right at the brim of this new message. No more than the vision left me, I said, "Amen, Lord!" And my wife was standing there, almost fainted. And I jumped up out of the bed, I could talk as good as I ever did. Just in a second, every bit of the fever left me. I called up Doc Schoen, I said, "I'd like for you to look at me." He said, "What?" And I come over there, and he looked at me, looked through those sinuses, said, "Tell me what happened, Brother Branham." And I said, "You believe my story?" He said, "How could I doubt it? It's happened." That's it, see. That's it, friend. God knows how to hold you on an ash heap. He knows how to do something for you until He can get the message over to you, see, to get to do something.

**68** Today, I don't know how much defeat... I went in not long ago, was listening to a radio broadcast, and there was a minister preaching on the resurrection, from I Corinthians 15. And he was preaching the resurrection. And he stopped right in the middle of his sermon, and he said, "You know, so many people are afraid of defeat." He said, "When General Patton lost a bunch of soldiers," said, "then they told him ... He sent back and he wanted some more, and they sent him up some more. He got them killed, and he sent for some more. And when he got them third bunch up there," said, "every time a bullet would whine, they would run under a tin, or run under something another, scared."

**69** He said, "Send me up men, not kids." He said, "I want men that's ready to die. I don't want somebody that's afraid to die. If the cause we're fighting for is not worthy to die for, then keep them away from me. I want men." They said, "But you've lost two or three battles." He said, "I haven't lost the war. I've just lost a battle." Something spoke to my heart. I remember Eisenhower said, "When I throwed a bullet, commanded, and they throwed a shell in the gun, they pulled it off and it was a fizzle, it didn't work," said, "I didn't quit and surrender. I throwed the bullet out and put another one in, tried it. If it didn't work, I put another one in, until one did work."

**70** That's the way it's got to be done. I don't know how it will be. But God as my judge over this pulpit, I don't know how many fizzles and how many battles I'll lose, but I'll not lose the war. He told me He would be with me. I'll stand till I see that ministry confirmed and see it in operation. I begin this morning, by the grace of God. I don't know whether it'll work here, whether it'll work somewhere else, how it'll work or what will take place. But I'll walk right down prayer lines, praying for the sick, until I do know what is happening. I seen it happen two or three times. I seen it happen in Hattie's house. How many ever heard the story about the squirrels, and about the girl, the woman, the first person in all since we've knowed, since the days of the disciples, was ever given the privilege to say, "Ask what you will," when you're there. Did you ever hear the story? Did you ever see the woman? How many never seen her, and would like to see the woman it happened on? Hattie, would you stand up? There is the lady.

**71** Standing in her house. After I had seen eight squirrels, that ... wasn't absolutely none around anywhere, and just speak the word, and there they would be standing there. That's true. That's ... there they were. And I said, "What made them squirrels come?" there sitting there at her table. And her mother, Sister Wright, here is Brother Wright, was sitting there. How many was at the table, how many is here this morning? Raise up your hands. Well, there they are, all around over the building, see. All right, they were there. And I said, "Someday..." Their little crippled sister sitting there. I said, "It has to come by vision, so forth, but someday it'll come different." Was talking like that. All at once, something anointed that (leave it to this people), I never felt such an anointing. Why? Because Hattie said the right thing.

**72** I said, "Where did them squirrels come from? There was none there, not even a place for them, just like on a telephone pole right there. And I seen it happen eight straight times." And I said, "I don't know where it come from." I said, "Only thing I know, that God tried to confirm a message to Abraham one time, and he spoke a ram into existence, because he needed a ram to confirm it. It must have been that I needed a squirrel to speak mine. And He did it eight straight times, or seven straight times, rather, seven straight times." And I said... And, Hattie, maybe not knowing what the woman was saying... Look how it by-passed the rich and the haughty. Look how it by-passed everything, and come to a poor little old country woman there.

**73** And I had twenty dollars in my pocket to give back to the woman, that she had pledged fifty dollars on this new church coming up. And I don't say this to embarrass her, she couldn't afford fifty cents, really, to give it. But, her heart in the message, she wanted to. Brother Neville, I believe, had accepted it, wouldn't take the rest of it, just let her give twenty dollars of it. And I had two ten-dollar bills in my pocket Meda had give me for groceries, and I said, "I'm going to give it back to her today." Then I thought, something spoke to me, said, "Jesus seen that widow putting in her three pennies, and He never took it back from her." He let her go on because He had something greater down the road.

```
Mark 12:41 And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.

Luke 21:2 And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites.

```
**74** Little did I know He was speaking to me the same way, of a widow woman, no husband. Her husband was killed. Neither did I know that that was the same one. But I said, "Then I'll just keep the twenty dollars. You have something else for her." I said, "The only thing I know, that Jehovah is still Jehovah-Jireh. He is able to provide a sacrifice." And Hattie, not knowing what she was saying, raised up and said, "That's nothing but the truth, Brother Branham." Oh, my! That was the right thing to say. That was the right thing to say. About that time, the power of God struck that place! I never felt such anointing. When it did, I said, "Hattie, Thus saith the Lord, ask what you will! I don't care what it is, God has give me the authority to give you your heart's desire right now. If you ask for a million dollars, you can have it. Ask for that little crippled girl to get up and walk, she can have it. Ask for anything. She said, "What shall I ask, Brother Branham?" I said, "Anything that you wish for. Thus saith the Lord." Oh, what a feeling!

```
Genesis 22:8 And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.

```
**75** She looked around. There sat her aged gray-headed daddy that had been brought back from the dead almost. There sat her aged mother, sickly. There sat her little crippled sister. But she chose just what was right. She had two teen-age boys just in that age of reckless. Her precious husband gone on to glory. She was a Christian, waiting. But the boys wasn't a Christian. She said, "The souls of my two boys." God bless her heart. I said, "Thus saith the Lord, you have them." And here they are, baptized into the faith. They was telling me the other night, even that little bitty boy washing feet in there, putting his hands over on Brother Neville's head, and praying for him when he was washing feet. The two little boys are probably sitting here in the meeting somewhere this morning. Are they, Hattie, are they here with you? [Sister Hattie says, "They're in the back there."] Back in the back. Where are you, boys? Raise up your hands. Where is the two boys? There they are, standing back in the back. God bless you. All right. There you are. Now, what happened? That same thing, no matter what, she'd have happened ... what she'd have asked, she could have had it. She could have got it.

**76** Now, I'm wanting to see that happen. It's going to be the attitude of the people towards the message. See how she said it? She said just the right thing. It's what you say that does it---what you say. Look at the Syrophenician woman when she come to Jesus. She said, "Lord, my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil. Thou Son of David, come heal her." He said, "It's not meet for me to take the children's bread and give it to you dogs." Whew! What if He would have said that to some of us? We'd say, "Call me a dog? Huh, wasn't nothing to him, anyhow! The big church is right. He ain't nothing but a holy-roller. He's nothing but a Beelzebub." We'd've had that attitude, but not her. She said, "It's true, Lord. You're exactly right. But the dogs are willing to eat the scraps under the children's table." That got Him. He said, "For this saying, the devil left your daughter. For this saying!"

```
Matthew 15:22 And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.

Matthew 15:26 But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and cast it to dogs.

Matthew 15:27 And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table.

Matthew 15:28 Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.

Mark 7:26 The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.

Mark 7:27 But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be filled: for it is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs.

Mark 7:28 And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs.

Mark 7:29 And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter.

```
**77** It's your attitude, friends. Did not He say it? You've got to believe it, friends. Don't believe me, I'm a man; but you believe what I'm telling you, believe the message. If you don't believe the messenger, believe the message. If a man walked in the room there with a telegram, no matter what the man looked like or who he was, big or little, you believe what's on the telegram, not the man. God sent me to tell you. I have a message. God sent me to tell you that He is risen from the dead, that He is here this morning. He has proved it by signs and wonders that He is here, and each one of you can be healed of your sickness if you'll just take the right attitude as you come. Will you do that, while we sing "Only Believe." Now let those who are going to be prayed for come right up here and line right up around here. Now, don't come unless you believe with all your heart. Precious Lord, this is the hour. I pray that You will heal these people, Lord. And sanctify this oil. Get glory unto Thyself, Father. We send these in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**78** I wonder if we could ask that those people that are standing on this side here, if there is a way that they could give just a little room here, so we can get the people right by, if you can. Right through here, going out that way. Then they can all come this way, right down the line, to make one line going out that way. Something has got to happen, Brother Neville. [Brother Neville says, "Amen. It's happening right now. Praise the Lord! Jesus is here. Yes. Every one of them is healed by the power of God."] Amen. [Brother Branham speaks to someone about the order for the prayer line.]

**79** Now let me say to the waiting audience, this is God's Word, what I've lived by, and will die by, by God's grace and help. God being my solemn judge, I've told you the truth. I seen ... and all these things coming up to it, even from the little fish that was raised down there. Did you ever hear that story? There sits the men right back there, both of them, that was there when it happened, told the day before it happened. Now, how can I tell you these things which are... ? See, I want to preach on, one of these nights, on Counterbalance. Man could tell you something, and just keep building like that, but if there ain't no Scripture to counterbalance it, it'll finally fall down. If this discernment, and these visions and things that I've told you about, if that hadn't been the truth... First thing, there is a Bible to back it up, and there was the Holy Spirit to prove that I have told the truth.

**80** Now, I've been about fourteen years on the field, through every critic that could be got before me. Educated, smart, everything else, not one time could they... Then you know what they said? You've heard it here. They say people out in the audience will go around, talk to people. First they said it was people from my church that goes up there to be done. Then they couldn't get that, there is too many of them. Next thing they said that it would be ... like the brethren that go with me, they stand back there and say, "This man has got hearing in his ears." Then they said that Billy Paul ... Billy Paul would come, and go up there and read on the card what the people say. If there be something wrong with their ears, he'd say, "their ears" or "their stomach." How in the world could them out there that don't have no prayer cards? How in the world can it foretell things and happen perfectly? How could it be that way? It couldn't be. Anyone knows that's got their right mind.

**81** They said the same thing about Jesus, when Philip went and got Nathanael. "He was a friend of Jesus." They said, "Sure, he told Jesus all about that he was going after him." And then them disciples said ... or, them disciples of the big church said, "This man is Beelzebub. He is Beelzebub. He's a fortuneteller." Jesus said, "I forgive you for that. But someday the Holy Ghost is coming to do this same thing. One word against that will never be forgiven."

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

```
**82** I have been honest with you people, just as honest as I know how to be. Oh, I might have contradicted some beliefs that you have in little theology and things. But the reason that I do that, Paul said, "If an angel from heaven comes and preaches any other thing but what that Bible says," and what he's taught, "let him be accursed." So I have to follow just what the Bible said. If the Bible said, "He's the same yesterday and forever," I believe that. Just whatever the Bible said, that's just exactly what I believe. I just say it like that. I didn't have any education, didn't have any training. I just listened to the Holy Spirit and the Bible. And so far, up to this Easter morning, for thirty-one years, He's never let me down.

```
Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

Galatians 1:9 As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**83** And I tell you that the Holy Spirit told me about that ministry coming on, for the last two or three years, and I've been telling the churches everywhere. And God Almighty being my judge, right up here this side of Salem, them squirrels come into existence where there is no squirrels at. Right there with Charlie, standing back there, and lots of them down here in Kentucky, them squirrels come right into places where they wasn't, told where it would be with Tony and them, Banks, sitting there. And there it was, exactly. Come right back, and the first human being it was ever spoke on was that woman sitting right there, and there it is. The other morning up there, when I was sick with that throat condition, I seen Jesus standing before me, and He told me that the ministry is already confirmed to me. Now what is to take place, I don't know. But, one thing, I have to lay aside the other, to step out on this. The only way I know to do. Be it known now. Let this be graven, as Job said this morning, with an iron pen on a rock. I don't know what to do. The only thing I know, I'm just stepping forward. He told me. And God is my judge, He told me. I've told you the truth. And if God has confirmed and told you... And not one time can anybody here ever put their hand on anything had been wrong. Then this is right too. It's right too.

```
Job 19:24 That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!

```
**84** Now when I go here and stand at the end of the line, I'm having the elder, Brother Neville there, a godly man, our pastor here, to anoint the people. I'm going to lay hands on the people, because Jesus' commission, after Easter, was, "Go lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." I don't know what He's going to tell me along the line. I'm going to try to feel for that super anointing. I don't know what will take place. I don't know. Whatever it is, I'll do just as He tells me. Now come by, come by with a heart full. No matter if He rebukes you, if He says something to you, regardless of what it is, you go away thanking Him, you see, because the work is done. It's some way to get to you.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**85** Now, brother, with that leg, I want you to believe it. If He, by telephone, could take that stomach trouble away from you, He can sure take that leg condition away from you this morning. Now you believe with all your heart. And the lady with that little baby that had the heart trouble, don't doubt no more. Believe! Believe! Now I want everybody in the church to be in prayer, And I'm going down to pray. All of you just keep in prayer now, while I bring this prayer line through, asking, just putting my hands on there and saying a blessing. And, remember, if any of you has got any unconfessed sin, be it known unto you that God will never heal you with that unconfessed sin. Make it right before you come through here, because it might make you worse, see. Now it's not in discernment. Discernment, I find them things out. But, and this is not discernment, I'm searching for a new ministry. All of you understand now? All right. Now believe. Now let's pray as we bow our heads,

**86** Father God, my fingerprints are still on this pulpit, from hours after hours, for now nearly thirty years or more, that I have been standing here preaching, and around the world. And you have confirmed the gospel that I have preached, because the message come from You. I never went to any schools, never consulted anybody but You, reading Your Word and waiting to see what the Spirit would say do. And now, Lord, Thou knowest about this ministry of Mark 11:23, and knowing that the hour is at hand, knowing that I have truthfully told about those squirrels, and about Sister Hattie and her boys. Now, Father, and knowing that that vision come to me up there at the bed the other morning, of seeing that Bible, and then the cross, and then You, and was revealed into my mind that I have to accept it, because it's confirmed.

**87** Now, Lord, I go forward this morning in my church, to stand here upon this Easter morning, praying that You will raise me to a new gift, more powerful---for the people's sake, more powerful. Not because of my salvation, because You have saved me, Lord, already. Not for self---I have rejected all great things, to know You. As You said to me out there at that great temple the other day, "I am your portion." Now, Lord, let me be Your portion, if I can find favor with You, that Your Spirit will come in me. And when I lay my hands upon these precious, suffering people, may Your Spirit, Lord, do the rest of the work. That's all I know to do, Lord. I remember my commission. I was born to pray for sick people. "Get them to believe, and be sincere when you pray." Lord, I don't know how to be any more sincere. They're suffering, Lord, and I've suffered, myself. Please, dear God, grant that they'll be healed, each one. I go forward now, Lord, by faith, as Moses stepped towards the Red Sea. I step from this sacred pulpit down to this prayer line, in the name of Jesus Christ. May the God who gave me those squirrels, the God who gave Sister Hattie those words, the God who had me to speak them, may He go with me. I go in the name of Jesus Christ.

**88** Satan, I condemn you. In the name of Jesus Christ, leave the baby. Leave it, come out of this child. Go, and the baby be well. I lay my hands upon my brother, in the name of Jesus Christ, and condemn the affliction of his body. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, give her her request. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, give Sister Ruth her healing. Amen. I'll pray for the baby. But I come down from that pulpit... Where do you live? [The sister says, "Bloomington."] Bloomington, Indiana? Write me a letter about the baby. Swelled all out in the stomach here now. Are you going to believe, lady, that it's right? ["I believe it's right."] Then, Father, I lay my hands on this baby, and condemn this devil. Depart from the baby. And may the angels attend it around. May it now be normal and be healed. You write me a letter in a couple days. See that little cross-eyed baby laying there? If you'll not doubt no more, you will bring that baby back and show it, normal and well.

**89** I lay hands upon this girl. May she have the attitude of the Syrophenician woman. May she be healed in Jesus Christ's name. Let the heart be well, in the name of Jesus Christ. I speak these words. It has to be well. It can't be anything else. Jesus said, "I can, if you'll believe." Now, if He can make a squirrel appear right like that, like He did the ram one time, he can make that heart appear normal and well. It has to be. In the name of Jesus Christ, let the heart be well. Amen. Now, isn't that simple? It is simple. God is so simple, with all of His power. Now you just be simple enough not to even think about it anymore. It'll be all right.

**90** Lord, let our sister be well, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Sister Daulton? [Unclear conversation.] Lord, now I've said these words, honest as I can confess before the people. I've told them. "If you say unto this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt, you can have what you've said." In the name of Jesus Christ, may this affliction be removed, and all your troubles that you have. Don't doubt now. Go right close to Him now. Lord, I lay my hands upon this little one with this terrible headache. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it be healed. Amen. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, let that mountain move from him, may it be healed. May our brother be made whole, for the kingdom of God's sake, Amen.

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

```
**91** Deaf and dumb. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ! I've stood and preached day after day, and year after year, I've never seen a baby come in contact with You, in all my life, but what there was something happened! Now, he is deaf in his ear, and ruptured in his stomach. Let him be healed, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Now, don't doubt. Lord, You know the afflictions of his body. With hands upon him, with a sincere heart, let him be healed, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Death lays at one door, faith at the next. God, roll away the stone and let faith take over. May the cancer leave her, in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, may he be healed. I lay hands upon him. The message is still ringing through the walls. In the name of Jesus Christ, may he be healed.

**92** Father God, I lay hands upon my brother. Let it be, Lord, Thy Spirit and power, to give him his request. Let it be, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. It's finished. Don't doubt it now. Lord, our brother's desire is to come into Thy presence, with this condition upon him. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, let him have what he is asking for. Amen. What a great thing! Let the Holy Ghost come on this child, for the glory of God that it might bring him up. For the kingdom of God's sake, may he receive it. Amen. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be so, that our sister get healed, and her request granted, in Jesus' name. Amen, May it be done. You will receive the Holy Ghost. There is no way you can keep from it, if you believe. You've got to! You've got to receive it, because God said so. You stand by it. Just bring me that little crutch there. You need some help, sister?

**93** Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, grant our sister's request. Amen. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, grant the request of our sister. May she be healed. Amen. He made a squirrel come into existence, seven straight times. He did it upon Hattie when she asked for it! Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, grant the request of our sister. It's Your Word. Thank You. And may it be granted to her, Father, through Jesus Christ. Amen. Your loved ones? Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, grant these... Lord, this little Jewish woman ... Thou art the God of Abraham. Grant, in the name of Jesus Christ, her request. So be it!

**94** In the name of Jesus Christ, God of heaven, grant her request. Amen. This little girl. Just as you come on the platform, when God was telling me all about your life. He will take that nervousness away. Lord, I condemn the nervousness in this girl. Give the desire she wants, make her so happy. It shall be, in Jesus' Christ's name. God of heaven who raised up Your Son, Jesus, in the resurrection we celebrate, may she celebrate it here today. Amen. In Jesus' name. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, God's Son, I lay hands upon this sister, asking that she may be healed now in the name of Jesus. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, may our sister be healed. Amen. It can't stay there. It's got to leave. Sure, this thing has to leave.

**95** Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, may our sister be healed. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I heal this, my sister. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I heal my sister. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I heal my sister. In the name of Jesus Christ, I heal this, my sister. In the name of Jesus Christ, I give her her request. Amen. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, I give this little mother her request. In the name of Jesus Christ, I give her her request, Lord. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, I give her her request. Satan, I cast you out. In the name of Jesus Christ, leave the woman. Thank Him for the promise He has given. Do you believe it? [The brother says, "Amen."] You're going to be well. ["Praise the Lord!"] You're going to be all right now, then. Believe it. God, in the name of Jesus Christ, I give this Sister Griffith her healing. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I give this sister her healing. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, sister, I give you your healing. Amen. So be it! I trust to God I'm not making a mistake. Grant this, by faith. So be it! All right. Do you believe God gives me the strength to heal your heart trouble? Do you? Do you believe that story that I just told? With all your heart? Then I give you your healing.

**96** In the name of Jesus Christ, I give you your healing. What's this woman's name just went by there? Do you live around here somewhere? You remember that you are healed! That's just as true as I'm standing here. Father, in Jesus Christ's name, grant this, I pray, her need. Let it be. Amen. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, may, she have her healing. Amen! By the grace of God, through a divine gift, I give you your healing. Cast away that devil. O Lord, creator of heavens and earth, give this sister, Rose Austin, this healing, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's it, Sister Rose, just go, believe. Lord, give to our sister her healing, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**97** [Brother Branham speaks with someone.] Do you believe? Do you believe? Then I give to you your request. God will make her well. May it be so, Lord, that her brother will be healed, physically and spiritually, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen! May this be the hour of your deliverance. Lord, I lay hands upon this, when she is perfectly hopeless, to the doctors or any cure from medical science. But not from You, the resurrected Christ. In the name of Jesus, be healed. Amen. [Brother Branham converses with a sister.] Lord, give to our sister, listening close to her request, watching every word she said. It's for the kingdom's sake. I pray that You will grant it to her, in Jesus' name.

**98** [A sister speaks to Brother Branham.] Lord, as your servant listening to that mother cry for her baby, I condemn the devil that's did this. And upon the woman's confession of faith, I cast away this devil. You'll not be able to cripple this child. In the name of Jesus Christ, be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. She's just being healed, sister. Just don't doubt it a bit. God bless you, brother. That's your baby? May he receive the Holy Ghost! Won't you take the baby somewhere and listen to it just a few minutes, I believe something has happened to the baby [unclear words] . In the name of Jesus Christ may our brother receive his healing. Filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord, may the power of Almighty God condemn the affliction of his body, and fill him with the Holy Ghost. This is the hour and the time. In Jesus Christ's name, I give it to him. Amen. Sugar gone. You received the Holy Ghost. Gone is the sickness from you, all your life. Do you believe it's from you, you no more have this affliction, this affliction, make you normal?

**99** The child? You're missing one arm. If I had ... if I had the strength within myself, see! But I believe that God will help me have faith for it. I'll do everything that's in my power. Do you believe me? Do you believe that story about those squirrels? You do? You believe that it's possible that this morning that God could heal your body, and you walk again, walk like you ought to have the first time? There is something just happened in your birth there, there is something that's interrupted something a bit and you just didn't grow right. Just like a limb growing right over another one, it just holds it down. If that limb can come off that limb, it'll get straightened out and be right, see. Is that right? It's a curse. If the curse could leave, then you'll get well, see. Lord, I am thinking, what if this was my child, for this is my duty. By faith, I remove the curse, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**100** Lord, I lay my hands upon him and ask for his healing, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ, I lay hands on this suffering woman, for her healing. Amen. Sister Nash, God saved you from a cancer, some years ago. Lord, give Sister Nash her request. As Your servant, I ask it. It shall be done. That's the answer. In the name of Jesus Christ, give our sister her request. Amen. [A brother and sister speaks with Brother Branham.] Thank you, brother and sister, I'm glad you people could pray. May God grant it to you. Such a wonderful time, your people rallied around when I was there. You was glad when I was there? Well, then you believe the things that you heard? Lord, as he goes back to his peoples across the sea, may he go filled with the power of God, healed, and every request that he is asking. May he go and receive it, in Jesus Christ's name. It'll be done.

**101** In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, may our sister receive her request. Lord, grant the request of our sister. May her trouble cease right now, by the resurrection through Jesus Christ. Amen. Sister, it has to be, just has to be! [A sister speaks with Brother Branham.] You want this repeated in the gospel? Lord God, as this young woman stands here, not for any selfish motives. She is praying for her brother, has infection in his blood. I give her her request. By a commission given me by an angel and by a vision of Jesus Christ, a few weeks ago, in my room, I give this girl her request. Amen. It has to be. You live near here? Memphis, Tennessee. Write me a letter. You'll have your request.

**102** Brother Grimsley. [The brother speaks with Brother Branham.] God bless you, Brother Grimsley. Lord, we can remember how far this brother has come, and the pit that he was hewed from. He wants more of Your Spirit, Lord. This I give him, in the name of Jesus Christ. Seeing his past power of a commission given to me by Jesus Christ, confirmed by an angel and a vision, I give Brother Grimsley his desire. Fill him full of faith, and a closer walk he will have. What if I told you, why do you want to be well? For the kingdom of God's sake? Do you believe what I said about those squirrels and those, and do you believe that to be the truth? Then He gives me what I say to this mountain ... [Interfering noise on tape.] You won't have another one. You won't have another one, see. No more [unclear words] . I give this request that she asks, to her, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

```
**103** Father God, grant to this, our sister, her request, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Sister, go, believe it. Father, as this woman passes by, I pray that You will give her her request, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I give this woman her request. Amen. Don't doubt it. [A sister speaks with Brother Branham.] You believe you're going to receive it? Then I give you your request, through the power granted to me through a commission of Jesus Christ, His Son. Go, and God will be with you. Brother Fred, what can we do? [Brother Sothmann speaks with Brother Branham.] Brother Freddie Sothmann, I condemn that poison in your body. May it leave you, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**104** Brother Collins. [Brother Collins speaks with Brother Branham.] Lord, this precious brother seeks the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lord, with all that's in me, I pronounce this blessing upon my Brother Collins. May the Holy Ghost come upon him, and may he be filled with the Holy Spirit! Amen. Brother Collins, you've got to receive it. It just has to come. God only tests us. Lord, grant his request. May he serve You, and his family serve You, with all their hearts. God grant unto our sister her request. For all that she has asked, may she receive it, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Lord, give this brother strength to help his church. May this be granted. I give him this strength, through Jesus Christ. Amen.

**105** [A sister speaks with Brother Branham.] Sister, that's a horrible thing that you've got, nervousness. Do you believe what I say to you is true? Do you believe, not only that, but do you believe this? Then I give to you your healing, through Jesus Christ's name. It shall be done. Your nervousness is gone from you. [A brother speaks with Brother Branham.] It stands out, all over you. Lord God, for my precious little brother here, the deepness and depths of his spirit calls like the deep calling to the deep. He wants the Holy Spirit. He's respected Your service, Lord, in every way that he could. By the power of the Holy Ghost, may it come upon my brother, and he be filled with God's power and grace, the Holy Ghost. Receive him, as I commit him into the...

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.
```
