---
Date: 1960-04-01
Title: The Queen of Sheba
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Municipal Auditorium in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 26 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Queen of Sheba



**1** [Pastor introduces Brother Lamsa.] ... he speaks the language and can read the language and read the original documents in which the New Testament was written. So with him, it is so wonderful that he can read directly from the original script the very words that Jesus and the disciples spoke and wrote. He felt that these translations that we have are not always correct and true. And that's where the criticism comes in, because he criticizes the King James version, and some people think that St. Paul preached from the King James version. They almost worship it, it's so wonderful. I think all translations might leave something to be desired. So I'm not going to vouch for any translation, but I know that God has seen to it that the translations are such that nobody will miss heaven if they'll do what's written in the Scriptures. Dr. Lamsa has in thirty years worked on a translation that is direct from the original, and now there is a Bible published which is his translation. When I spoke to him yesterday, he said to me, "I would like to meet Brother Branham because I have heard so much of him." To my surprise he told me a few things that I've asked him to tell you himself, tonight, about the Word and about visions. This morning Dr. Lamsa, Brother Branham, and a few of us had breakfast together. And you know, I never saw two men that were more like two long-lost brothers that had found each other and understand each other. When Brother Branham tells a vision, Dr. Lamsa's got a vision. He sees visions, too, and I sensed this morning that God has done great things for this man. I'm glad the Lord sent him to America. I'm glad he's in Tulsa while we are here, and tonight he's with us on the platform; and I'm going to ask Dr. Lamsa to take a few minutes now to speak to us of what the Lord has laid on his heart, and how he has been impressed by Brother Branham and his ministry. Dr. George Lamsa, or if you can't say "Doctor," say "Brother." [Dr. Lamsa speaks.] Thank you very much. [Unclear words] Ladies and gentlemen, I am greatly honored to stand here today and to join with you in praising the Lord, and believe in his Word, and ... his Word which heals the sick and changes the sinner into the saint. I am a great believer in the Word of God in the Bible. I studied my Bible in God and read in English, because I was educated at the English college which was opened in the [unclear word] of Reverend Titrees, in Turkey. This was before the World War I. I was told by Oxford and Cambridge men that the King James Bible was a translation from Latin or a compilation from the former translations, and that the other translations were made from Greek, and the Greek was a translation from the Hebrew dialect. And we know the Hebrew dialect is a transcription of the original Hebrew which is the Aramaic, the language of Padan Aram---the language of the land in which Jacob's children were born, the land which sent Abraham from Mesopotamia to Palestine. So I was led by God to make the translation of the Bible simply because I discovered so many discrepancies, so many errors, in the other translations; and there are so many of them. Not the King James---I think the King James is the best translation we have. But when I read those words of our Lord in the King James text which read like this---"If any man should come to me, and does not hate his father, and his mother, and his wife, and his children, and his sister, he cannot be a disciple of me."---I was horrified, because I have always told the Moslems and the others and the other people that the only prophet in the world who has spoken about love of God is Jesus Christ, because Jesus Christ has told us not only to love our fathers and mothers and sisters and brothers but to love our enemies. And when I compare them to the original, years ago, the original read, "He who comes to me and does not put aside his father and his mother and his children and his wife and sister and brother, he cannot be my disciple." The word put aside has been confused with the word to hate, because these ancient languages have a very small vocabulary, and sometimes one word has from ten to fifteen meanings. You have to be a native to be able to translate it. You have to be a native to know. When American man tells you, "I have a friend, he was very wealthy, but he has lost his shirt," nobody in Asia would know what the "loss of shirt" meant in this country. But in your country you understand it. There are thousands of idioms like that. But I wanted this evening to tell you one thing which is in my heart, and which is in the heart of every ancient Christian in the middle East, and even in the heart of the Moslems who are not Christians. We all believe in God's direction. We all believe that God is constantly leading us. God is constantly talking to us. We know that 40% of the Bible when it was written is based on the visions, v-i-s-i-o-n. When I came to America, I studied here, and I have spoken to nearly 7,400 churches and colleges and seminaries. And when I told some of the professors in this country that 40% of the Bible is based on the vision which men of God saw, they never heard of it. They thought that the book of Isaiah was written when Isaiah was eating breakfast or having a conference and writing the book. All these books came through visions at the time when men's minds is at peace during the silent hour of the night. And my dear friends, the word Bible, in Aramaic, it means "light"---the light of God. In Hebrew it means "the law." But when you take the Aramaic word original is derived from Aramaic word "Arah." Arah means to "see through your mind," not through your eyes. When you read the first chapter of the Bible, you are told that God created light, and God created seas and this and that. And there was first day, and the second day, and third day; and yet the sun was not created. The sun was created on the fourth day. So the author of the Bible, the inspired man of God who wrote Genesis, when he said light, he meant "understanding, reannah." Reannah means "mind," because these truths in the Bible, we can only ascertain them or see them through our mind, not through our eyes. This book, it cannot be approached through human under-standing. One to have had visions. One has to go deeper and deeper. One has to sit in silence in order to be able to hear the voice which is in this Book. And all of you will agree with me that all the prophets of God, all great men, even Jesus Christ, who is the Son of God, and who is the only Saviour of our world, He Himself went in the desert. He went for forty days to think things over to know more about God, because He was God, yet He was a man, too. But He went to the desert. For forty days He was there. So Elijah was in the desert, Moses was in the desert, Paul went three years in the desert. Why? To commune with God. I believe there is a second sense [sixth sense] . The birds have it. Some of these birds come from the North Pole, fly to the South Pole, without any charter. Here you have to go to a school for ten years in order to be able to pilot a jet or a plane; but a duck can do it without any training, because God gave the birds that sixth sense, the sixth intelligence which directs the whole nature. And man has it. Why? I know it. I'm not here introducing to you any new doctrine. I met Dr. Branham today. I have never seen him before. I have heard of him. But I wanted to tell you that you will find so many evidences of the sixth sense, or to connect the forces of nature in the Bible. When God said to Moses, "Go back to Egypt, and Aaron your brother will meet you," Moses at that time was about 400 miles, far away from Egypt; and yet the Lord God spoke to Aaron. He said, "Your brother is returning, you better go to greet him." And when Moses and Aaron come together, they arrived there. I can show you instances where Paul (he was in a city in Asia Minor then) at nighttime he's called to go to Macedonia, because "they need you there." And Peter is called that "Cornelius wants you," and Cornelius is told that "Peter wants you." All these persons in the Bible, but we have lost it. And some people will ask me, "Is Brother Branham right or is he correct in doing what he's doing?" I said, "There are hundreds of evidences in the Bible, but I cannot explain how it is done, neither you." No one can, except those who have experience with God. I know Paul have experience with God, Peter have experience with God, Moses had experience with God, and Elijah. And all these men of God were able to commune, not only with God, but they were able also to transmit messages from one to another. I don't want to take your time, I'm not here really... I'm so honored to be here today. I am here in the city as a guest of Oral Roberts, a great prophet and seer of your city, which, I believe, time will come, his name also will be inscribed in those golden pages that have given humanity such a wonderful literature. But I want to testify to you that we must not belittle these things. We must not say that the prophecy is lost, prophecy has no more value. It had in those days. No. The Holy Spirit is more operative today than ever before. Why? Because we are more in difficulty today than any time in the history of the world. We are today at a crucial point. We are confused between communism, atheism, materialism, and Christianity. And the only thing to direct us is God---not human, not books written by men, but the visions from the highest. Those are the true directions, and those are the forces which will save the world. I pray God the time will come that there will be more courageous men in this country like Oral Roberts, and like Reverend Branham, because I believe we need them. I wouldn't accept any doctrine, anything, if it wasn't in the Bible. I don't care if the President of the United States would tell me this thing should be so, I would say, "No," because I made a promise to myself when I processed the Bible that I will never add one word, I will never omit a word, and I will never deny a truth for sake of that other people do not believe in it. There is so much evidence in the Bible about what Brother Branham is doing; and all we need to do it to understand him, to study deeper, and to be patient, and to praise the Lord God to give us also vision and understanding to be able to do what he's doing. And when it comes to healing, I believe in that with all my heart, because my people, even today in the garden of Eden, we have no dentists, no doctors. For all these centuries, we were living there believing in God and the Bible. And when the people were sick, they came in and touched the Bible---not the King James, but some of the Bibles in that part of the world which were written in the skins and are very old. So this Bible which I translated is just like King James. There's no difference except one thing. There are about twelve thousand passages in this Bible which are very clear. In this Bible you read, "My God, my God, for this I was spared, for this I was kept." And all other Bibles you read, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" And yet Jesus said, "All of you will forsake me, but my Father will not forsake me. I and my Father are one. I came for this hour." So, I haven't done anything to change King James. In conclusion I just want to say this word to you. I was spared myself. All my people were destroyed in the World War I. A sister taken captive seven years old, a brother eleven years old. We never found them again. All of our gold and silver and money and lands, we lost them. Why? Because we believe in Jesus Christ as our God and our Saviour. But then these ancient Bibles were spared in the garden of Eden. And why did the Lord God lead me here? I came here without money. I came here through the direction. And when I arrived here I had all opportunities, because I spoke some English. But then the Lord God said, "You've got to translate this Bible. You're the only surviving man from that area who knows this ancient language, who knows Aramaic, and who knows the Bible to do it." I tried not to do it. I cried many times in my bed, "O Lord God, I don't want to do it. This is a hard thing. People don't know what Aramaic is. People don't know any other Bible but King James." But the Lord God said, "You've got to do it." And when I made my mind, believe me, miracle after miracle has been wrought in my life. I thank doctor, I thank Oral Roberts, and I thank Brother Branham, and thousands of American people who have stood by me. And today this Bible is read by thousands of copies, and we hope to have edition in London, and an edition in Japan. Why? Because the Bible says, "All are passing, but God's truth endureth forever." Everything has changed, everything will change, one nation will come, another will go, but the Word of God, the Bible, will be here for thousands of generations to come. May the Lord God bless you, and grant your requests, and heal your wounds, and receive your prayers. Of all of you who have come, I know you are very sincere. I have never felt, for years, such a congregation. Last night I was here too, like you, because I feel the vibration of your hearts, of your minds, that you have such tremendous faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. And when people like you come for healing and when a man of God believes in healing, I believe there is nothing between you and God. May the Lord God bless you and grant your requests. I am indeed very happy to be here this evening. Amen. [Brother Branham speaks.] Let us remain standing just a moment. We're going to bow for prayer. Is there any here would like to be remembered in prayer before God, when we take you to the throne of grace now? The Lord grant your request, while we pray. Our heavenly Father, we are approaching Thy throne of mercy in the all sufficient name of the Lord Jesus, Thy Son. We confess that we are weak, Lord, and need Thy help. Our great adversary and Thy adversary, the enemy, is going about like a roaring lion devouring what he can. But Thou hast promised, "I'll never leave thee nor forsake thee." And we so solemnly believe that, Lord, knowing that "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I'll be in the midst of them." We believe that with all of our hearts.

```
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

Genesis 1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

Genesis 1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,

Genesis 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

Exodus 4:14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.

Psalm 22:1 To the chief Musician upon Aijeleth Shahar, A Psalm of David. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?

Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Mark 15:34 And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Luke 14:26 If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.

John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 12:27 Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.

Hebrews 13:5 Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**2** People has sent in letters here, Father. And in these letters are handkerchiefs and pieces of cloth that goes to the sick and needy. And, O Father God, we are taught in the scriptures that they taken from the body of St. Paul handkerchiefs or aprons, evil spirits left the people and diseases was healed. Now as we have said before, we know we're not St. Paul, but you still remain Jesus, the Son of God. And we do not believe that it was Paul that did this; it was your Spirit, Lord, answering the faith of the people. And today there is the same need and the same cry, and You're the same God. May the same results come, for we commit them to Thee for that purpose. Thou didst see the hands of this audience. You know the heart of every one. May they receive just what they've asked for. Grant it, Lord. Hear us now

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**3** as we read the Word; impart the Word to us by Thy Holy Spirit. And when service is finished tonight, and we start to our different homes, may we be able to say like those coming from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" Do something tonight among us just like You did before the crucifixion, that the world might know that You have risen from the dead, and You're no longer dead but a living Lord forevermore. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. You may be seated.

**4** I have been thinking today that they misnamed Chicago, being Windy City. I think it should have been Tulsa. I could hardly sleep last night, the wind was so hard. I thought, "Many times have I been in Chicago, but never such a wind as we had last evening." And then the service, it was so hard, the wind blowing and making a noise, it was rather a bit of confusion. But it all paid up today to get to meet some precious people. I had the privilege of meeting Dr. Lamsa today, the translator of the Lamsa translation of the Bible, and such a privilege. You know, I would rather you'd give me a little rose bud right now than a whole wreath after I'm gone. I think maybe he'd think the same thing. I certainly can ascribe to his translation, for meeting him and finding such a lovely spirit of a real true Christian believer. God bless his gallant soul. I don't know as I've ever met any more spiritual man than Dr. Lamsa. May the Lord richly bless him.

**5** Then I had the privilege today, in the private interviews and so forth, meeting many other fine people. Got lovely people here in Oklahoma. I certainly appreciate them. I have just a little bit of kindred of Oklahoma. I think my mother lived here for a few years right near Tulsa here. And so then they moved on down to a place in Texas called Paris, Texas. Then from that they went to Kentucky, moved out to Indiana, and then back to the West. And my father was a rider. And Mother and Dad were married then. So then they kind of settled down in Kentucky, and moved then after my birth to Indiana, and there we have been since. So it's a great people in this United States, a great world, a great people everywhere, where you find God's people. No matter what color or what country they're from, they're always the same. Way down in Ceylon and many different places, you take those people which hardly know right hand from left, when they receive the Holy Spirit, they act just the same as you do when you receive it. Not knowing what is right or left hand, some of them, and they act the same way you do when you receive the Holy Spirit. So we're thankful for that.

**6** Now we must get right along, because tonight we promised to run a little line of prayer for the sick. I do not claim to heal people. I don't believe there is anybody would do that. We just claim that we pray for them. And someone said, "Are you a divine healer, Brother Branham?" I said, "No, sir, I'm not a divine healer. But I've certainly had some great answers to prayer." So thank the Lord for that. But anything that we can do to help some... What I'm here for is to try to make the burdens of life just a little bit lighter for you. It's kind of a struggle anyway you take it. We all know that. And if we can lighten up each other's load just a little bit, I think it shows such a real brotherly love and care for each other.

**7** Now I want to read from the Scriptures tonight, in St. Matthew the twelfth chapter, if anyone is keeping the scriptures down, and the forty-second verse of the twelfth chapter. The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. Jesus had been kind of upbraiding the cities and the people because they had not believed on Him. And He had showed to them all the works of God, but they had become so ecclesiastical-like, until they had their own ways and their own ideas. Just like today, many of us has got drawed up just how the Lord will come. And sometimes they break off and make a denomination out of it because one believes He'll come on a white horse, the other on a white cloud. What difference does it make as long as He comes? That's the main thing, be ready. So I believe that when He comes, it will probably be altogether different than what we've got figured out anyhow. So I haven't got any set way; I'm just wanting to see Him come, that's all. Just be ready when He gets here.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**8** And so they had their ways fixed, and their theology had been upset a little bit. And they had denied Him, even had called Him that low name of Beelzebub, which was the prince of the devils. When Jesus came to the earth, He was given the lowest name that could be given, He went to the lowest city that could be, He had no place to lay His head. And when God exalted Him, He taken Him higher than the heavens---till heavens, He has to look down to see it. He give Him a name above every name, that everything in heaven and earth is named Jesus Christ. What God did for Him; and what we did for Him. We mistreated Him; but God exalted Him.

```
Matthew 8:20 And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 9:58 And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Philippians 2:9 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:

```
**9** And now He had been telling them how He had done, and what the miracles and signs that He had done, and said, "If these things would have been done in other generations, why, it'd been yet standing, the cities." And it's strange---some good theologian could tell you the cities that He cursed is not there today; the cities that He blessed remains till this day. It's very striking. And I've heard real good Bible scholars speak of it. But Jesus had come in every form of the Messiah that the Bible predicted Him to come in. He'd come as the God-prophet. He had come just exactly the way the Bible said He would come, and yet they missed seeing Him. Oh, may that not be our attitude when He comes the second time.

```
Matthew 11:23 And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.

```
**10** Now they was failing to see his supernatural work. The people, the churches, had gotten so far away from the supernatural until they could not give an answer to their congregation for the supernatural that was being done, so they just had to class it something. Instead of figuring it out, laying aside their thoughts and going to the Scriptures, why, instead of doing that, they just answered their congregation, said, "Why, he's the devil, that's all. He's just a fortune-teller or something. There's nothing to him." But then when He did that supernatural, it usually blinds those who are blinded to those things. It makes them worse. But in every generation God has always had His agents. It's got down sometimes to merely one. But God always had somebody in every generation that He could lay His finger on, some people that He could put His finger on say, "This is my people, and they'll do as I tell them to do."

**11** And Jesus had been referring back the forty-first verse of this same chapter, He had spoke about the days of Jonah and Nineveh. Many people... I'd like to speak, just a moment before I get to my text, on Jonah. So many people condemn that prophet. He should not be condemned. The steps of the righteous is ordered of the Lord, and He makes everything work just exactly right. Now I believe God had a purpose in sending Jonah to Tarshish instead of Nineveh. I believe that was God's purpose, to confirm his Word to the Ninevites. Then when Jonah, on his road to Tarshish, a great storm came up, as we know, and he told the captain of the ship that he was in fault. And they tied his hands and feet, throwed him over the ship's side into the water. The Scripture says that this great fish swallowed him.

```
Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

```
**12** I never forget, some time ago a man said to me (who knowed a lot about science), he said, "That story cannot be true, Brother Branham." I said, "Why?" He said, "The swallow of a whale isn't big enough to swallow a man." I said, "But, sir, you just don't read the Scriptures right. This is a special prepared fish. God fixed this one just right. God had a fish prepared for it. He enlarged his swallow so Jonah could get in." God can do wherever He wants to. The Bible said that God had a fish prepared for him that could swallow him. He was a special one.

```
Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

```
**13** And then when the fish, prowling through the water, hunting something to eat... And when a fish has fed, if you'll feed your little goldfish, watch them. They'll go right down to the bottom of the bowl and rest their little swimmers on the bottom, after they have fed. Then after perhaps this big fish had swallowed Jonah and had went down then to the bottom of the sea... I wouldn't know how many fathoms deep it would be out there from Nineveh. But could you imagine the condition this poor prophet being in?

**14** You know, I think if anybody had a right to claim symptoms, it would have been Jonah, you know. Look at him. We want to think he was backslid, though he wasn't. And he was on a stormy sea, in the belly of a whale, hands and feet tied, seaweeds all around his head, in the vomit of the whale, laying in the bottom of the sea. Now, there is nobody here that bad off. I'm just sure of that. But just to show that you can't hide a real believer from God. Now, I can just imagine seeing Jonah turn over on his back. And talk about a good case of symptoms! He looked this way it was whale's belly, back this a-way was whale's belly, everywhere he looked was whale's belly. He was in an awful condition, a lot of symptoms. But you know what he said? "They are lying vanities." He said, "Once more will I look towards Your holy temple, Lord." For Jonah remembered that when Solomon dedicated that temple, he prayed, and said something like this in his prayer: "Lord, if Thy people be in trouble anywhere and then look towards this holy temple and pray, then hear from heaven." And Jonah had faith in God and faith in the prayer of Solomon. And God delivered him from the whale's belly.

```
1 Kings 8:30 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.

Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

Jonah 2:8 They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.

Jonah 2:10 And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.

```
**15** Now there's no one here in that bad a condition. We're not in a whale's belly, and we're here seeing the hand of God move every night. And if Jonah could place that kind of faith in the condition that he was in, in the belly of a whale in the bottom of the sea, and refuse to see anything contrary to the answer to his prayer when he looked to a temple (where a earthly man prayed and a earthly people built the temple), how much more ought we to have faith to look to heaven where Jesus sits at the right hand of God to make intercession upon our confession? Why, certainly. Nothing should be able to stand in our way.

```
Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

```
**16** Jesus, the Son of God, who was crucified, dead, rose again on the third day, ascended into heaven, sent back the Holy Spirit that bears record night after night that He's here. Then how much do we keep looking, saying, "Oh, look at my hand, look at my finger"; "I'm still sick at my stomach." Oh, my. That's terrible. "Once more will I look to Your holy temple, Lord," where He's sitting there tonight, with His own bloody garments wrapped around Him, making intercessions upon our confession. Oh, how... It depends on what you're looking at. If you're looking at your symptom, you can't get well. But refuse to see your symptom; look at what God said. It depends on what you're looking at. And the Christian always looks at the unseen.

```
Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

```
**17** That's the only way you can be saved, is by faith. You've got to look at the unseen. And the whole armor of Christianity is supernatural. The people... How the man can say that he believes in God, and preaches in a church, and says he does not believe in the supernatural when the full armour of God, the full armour of Christianity, is supernatural? What is the armour of Christianity? Love, joy, peace, long-suffering, goodness, meekness, patience, faith, Holy Spirit---all those things are supernatural. What is love? What is joy? Go down to the drug store and buy me a quarter's worth of it. I need it right now, see. You can't buy love, joy, peace, long-suffering, goodness, patience, gentleness, faith. You can't buy it, it's supernatural. And the whole armour of the Christian is supernatural. And we're bidden by the Scriptures to put on the whole armour of God, be girded about, the whole armour.

```
Galatians 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

Galatians 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

```
**18** Jonah turned over in that whale's belly, looked away towards the temple the best that he knowed, towards the top of the whale, and begin to pray. And God turned that big fish around, took him right straight to Nineveh for a purpose. Now we believe that most of the Ninevites must've been backslidden, and it went off... I read a story one time where many of them had turned to heathenism, and they were worshipping idols, and they believed that the whale was the god of the sea. And while their occupation was fishing... Here comes the whale swimming into the shore, the god of the sea opens up his mouth and spits the prophet out on the bank. No wonder they heard him. God knows how to work things. He knows how to make things. You can take that version of it if you like, that might be all right.

```
Jonah 2:10 And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.

```
**19** But watch, the main thing was this: that they asked Jesus, "Show us a sign." And Jesus said, "A weak and an adulterous generation seeks after a sign." And they'll get a sign. What kind of a sign? A resurrection sign. And I believe that we are now living in the time of a weak and an evil generation of mixed-up, confused theologians, and churches all bundled together, till people don't know what to believe. But Jesus said that that weak generation would receive a sign of the resurrection, and I believe we receive it now. Jesus Christ is not dead. He's alive, and here tonight to live in us and perform and do just exactly what He promised to do. Oh, He said if Nineveh ... if the generation then would have been like Nineveh... Then He goes on to the days of Solomon, and He said, "In the days of Solomon..."

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

```
**20** Now anyone knows that any time that God sends a gift to the earth and the people turns that gift down, it's always chaos to that nation and that people that turns down the gift of God. Jesus was the greatest gift God ever give to the world, and the Jewish people turned it down and scattered throughout the world from that time since. And when God sends a gift and the people refuses to see it and refuses to take it, then it's scattered---the people is---and they're like sheep having no shepherd.

**21** And I think if we tonight would only do as they did in the days of Solomon... God sent a gift of discernment to Israel and He put it upon Solomon. And as soon as the people saw that this great power of God, of discernment, was upon Solomon, they cherished the gift, honored the man, made him king. And any Bible scholar knows that that was the golden age for Israel. The days of Solomon, it was called the golden age. Israel prospered. They built the temple. Hardly any wars at all. All nations feared them, because that they had honored what God sent to them. Oh, if tonight, you talk about a bomb shelter... They're trying to dig so many hundred feet beneath the earth to find a place to make steel places so that you can escape the atomic bomb. Well, anyone knows that that bomb would hit the earth and blow a hundred feet deep. If you were five hundred feet below it, it would break every bone in your body. But there is no shelter here on earth but one. There is a shelter, and it's not made out of steel, it's made out of feathers. Under His wings is the place to stay. Is the best shelter that I know of, is beneath His protecting wings.

**22** Now, in the days of Solomon, all gathered around and rallied around that great gift of God that was sent to the church and to the people. Now, what if America today would rally around the gift that's been sent them? What if we would---all of the American people, where this great gift has been poured out in these last days, the gift of the Holy Ghost---what if all the ministers, all the laity, all the churches together would rally around the Holy Ghost, the gift of God that's been sent to us to guide us, and direct us, and set us in order? But we got so many bishops and archbishops and men. God intends the Holy Spirit to lead the church. That's our Leader. That's the One that was sent to us, and we're to be dominated by Him and Him alone that directs us. Then we stay in the Word, level in the Word. The Holy Spirit feeds you sheep food, and sheep food is the Bible, and it feeds on the Holy Spirit. The soul that's hungering for God feeds on the Word of God. Now if we'd all rally around that, we wouldn't have to dig one foot under the ground. We wouldn't have to fear any atomic attack, because we'd already be in the safety.

**23** There wouldn't be any confusion among us. We'd all be rallying around, and nations... Russia... Oh, Russia is just as hungry for it as we are. In Finland, when that little boy was raised from the dead that night, being killed in that automobile accident, as you all know (and in the books, it's printed)... And the little boy, I had seen him two or three years before in a vision. I had people to write it in their Bibles that it would come to pass. When that little boy was raised from the dead that afternoon... That night when I went down to the Messuhalli, there were thousands of Russians standing there, and them soldiers standing there with that Russian salute, the tears running off their cheeks, said, "We will receive a God like that." Sure. They come to find God and you give them a bunch of creeds. They want something real that they can take ahold of. I don't blame them.

**24** That's what started communism, when the church let down and let people feed out of trash cans. A hungry child will eat from a garbage can. The only reason he does it, because he's not invited to a clean table. It's the church's fault. Absolutely, it's the church's fault. God didn't intend such as that. But they find the weakness and just no more than belonging to a lodge when you belong to the church. Shame on us. When people come to the church, we ought to have all the spiritual gifts and the power of God operating that would make them people thirst. Did not Jesus say, "Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt has lost its savor, it's henceforth good for nothing, but to be trod under the foot of men."? That's exactly what they've done with it. When the salt lost its contact of strength, when the church lost its power, it becomes no more than any other lodge. It's true.

```
Matthew 5:13 Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.

```
**25** But salt is a savor if it contacts, if it's got any strength in it. If you got meat here and salt here, you've got to get them together---that's exactly right---to save the meat. Salt saves if it contacts. But if the salt's lost its strength, you could pour it all over the meat and it would ruin anyhow. That's what's been the matter: people joining church putting their name on the book without knowing Christ as their Saviour, without being filled with the Holy Spirit; men hungering for God coming into the church and finding nothing, just a bare ... a little intellectual talk about some star, moon, or something like that, or who's going to be the next president. Those things are all right, but not in the pulpit. The pulpit is the judgment seat. It's where God's power ought to be preached in His power. It's exactly right.

**26** But in the days of Solomon how different. They all rallied around. Oh, that was just wonderful. And when they all rallied around this gift, what happened? His fame and the fame of God began to spread out through all different nations. Now them days, they didn't have televisions and telegrams and telephones and so forth. The only way they sent message was from lip to ear. And everybody passing through ... all Israel... Could you just imagine Israel's heart burning when some stranger would pass through? "Oh, you should go up to the temple. The Lord our God has sent a gift. It's abiding upon our brother Solomon. God has made him a king before us, and that gift is upon him. You should come and see the wisdom of discernment that that man has." While the people would pass by, their hearts would be happy. They'd go tell somebody else, and the fame of Israel spread world-wide, until it come to the utmost parts of the earth, way down in Sheba. Now, that at that time, I suppose, was the far ends of the earth, of the civilized knowing world at that time.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**27** There was a little queen down there. And let's think that she was a pagan. And every time a camel caravan would come through, somebody coming from up around in Palestine (that's all the way across the Sahara desert, now) would come down in there and say, "Say, you know what? You should go up into Palestine. Those people up there has got a God. They call him Jehovah. And He's not a dead God; He's a living God. He's isn't an idol. Why, He's living right in a man called Solomon. Why, you never seen such in your life. Why, his power of discernment is far beyond anything a human could think of. They got something that you can lay ahold of and say that their God lives." You know faith cometh by hearing. So many people testifying, it come to a place that the little queen's heart began to come alarmed. Well, after a while, she, hearing so many testimonies... And faith cometh by hearing: "No discord about it at all. You should go see. One hundred percent right, every person comes up. You should look at it. It's a wonderful gift from God. And they got a great God."

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**28** Well, this little queen... Let's just think it this way. One day she sat down and she read her pagan scriptures. Well, it's promising about a great god that lived in this idol or something another. Grandmother had knowed it, and Grandfather had thought of it, and so forth. But after a while, she come to hear these testimonies. It wasn't some written theology; it was a living reality. And I'll tell you, there's not a person in the world that ever come from behind the curtain, into this light that we live in called "life," but what wonders where he goes when he goes beyond here. It's just the instinct in a man to do that. We all seek; we want to know what's beyond the curtain. We're searching for that. The little queen began to hunger and thought, "Oh, I believe I'll go." And after awhile she made up her mind, "I'm getting tired of listening to others telling me about that. I don't know whether it's right or not, but I'm going to see for myself." That's the way to do it. Go find out for yourself. Don't stand home and criticize.

```
John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

```
**29** When Philip found Nathanael, he said, "Come see who we found---Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph." He said, "How could there be any good thing come from Nazareth?" He said, "Come see." That's the best thing to convince yourself. "Come find out." Philip give Nathanael the best answer any man could give. "Come be convinced yourself."

```
John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

```
**30** Well, the little woman thought she'd go and be convinced whether it was right or not. But now she had a lot of things to face her, a lot more than you and I have, to try to find out truth. First thing before she could go, she was a queen, and she was in great authority. And no doubt that her name on the great church book there was pretty heavy. So the first thing she ought to do would be go talk to her pagan priest and ask him permission if she could leave the church and go up and find out about this other religion.

**31** Well, you can just imagine what kind of an answer she got. Why, I can just see that pagan priest, you know, standing there and say, "Now, wait a minute, daughter. You know you don't want to follow vain philosophies like that, because, I tell you, if there was any god alive, it would be our god." You know we may not have pagans, but we've got the same kind of priests all right. Yes, sir. "If God was going to do anything supernatural, He'd do it here in our church. He wouldn't go over there and do it; He'd do it here." But you know the thing of it is, God does it where He wants to and how He wants to, and it's not up to us to question God.

**32** Then we find out, I can see the priest say, "Now look, daughter, your grandmother, your great-grandmother, and way behind her all worshipped this great idol here. It's a great god." She said, "Yes, sir, that's probably true. I've got all the scrolls on it. But I've heard all this scroll over and over and over and over, what he would do, what he would do; but I haven't seen him make one move." That's a good answer, "I haven't seen one thing. All I see is a chunk of stone sitting there." If that's all you got, brother, you're just about as bad off as she was. That's right. Some big chunk of stone of a building or something another that's called "this is my church," "this is my denomination." Them are all right, but that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about a living God, one that's not dead, one that's alive right now, one that's here just as real as He ever was real. He promised it.

**33** And then she said, "Now, look, sir. I've never seen him move, I've never seen him do anything. My grandmother never saw him do anything and neither did her mother. And I've lived up to this time, and I hear that there is one that is alive. I'm going to see Him. No matter what you think, I'm going anyhow." I like that courage. Find out for yourself. She said, "Now, if it isn't right, I'll come back and tell you it isn't right. But I'll know in my heart whether it's right or not." I can imagine before she started that she had some thoughts in her mind like this: "What if it isn't right? Well, what if it is right? Now, if it is right, and there is a living God that's moving alive among people and showing Himself alive---not a stone but a living God---if it is, I'm going to support it with everything I got. It's worth-while."

**34** She saddled up her camels and took great loads of silver, gold, myrrh, frankincense. She got ready to make her start. Now she might have thought this: "If it's true, I'll support it; but if it isn't true, I'll bring my money back home." That's a good thought for America. Maybe I oughtn't to've said that. I'll just wait a minute and let it soak way down. If it's God, support it with prayer, with all that you've got. Do everything that you can to press it forward. Not so much with money, a little money now and then helps it of course, but... When it's needed, help; but the main thing is keep the money as far out of it as you can. Put yourself in there instead of your money. God wants you on the altar, not your money. It's better for you to... And this Easter coming on, always makes me kind of halfway spiritually sick. My spiritual gastronomics can't dissolve that. When they go up and put a big pot of lilies on the altar... God don't want lilies on the altar; He wants you on the altar. Altars wasn't built for lilies. Cain thought so. You see what happened. The altar was built for you. You are the gift that wants to be on the altar.

**35** And she said, "If it's not so, I'll return back with my money." Now, when she got her camels all ready... And, of course, there was none of those people down there wanted to go, perhaps. And remember, she had a long journey, and she had to cross the Sahara Desert. And she didn't have an air-conditioned Cadillac; she had a camel to ride on. And that hot boiling sand... No wonder Jesus said, "She'll stand in the day of the judgment and condemn this generation." She come plumb across that desert, taken her three months to do it; and some people won't walk three minutes across the street to see the manifestation of the living God living among His people, but will class it as a bunch of holy rollers. No wonder this nation's due for judgment.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**36** There she had to cross that desert, and remember, the sons of Ishmael was in the desert in that day. Them fleet riders and great robbers, what a easy prey for ... that little army that she had with her, and a few maids along. The little lady, sitting upon a camel, perhaps had to travel by night. The direct rays of that sun would burn her up nearly in the daytime. Hunting, and seeing if they could follow a star by night to a certain water hole out in the Sahara, coming across---oh, she had a lot of things to think about. But listen, let me say this. When God ever speaks in a human heart and begins to draw them, there isn't enough devils out of hell to stop them from getting to it. They'll go to it. "My sheep hear my voice." Something begins to dig in a man's heart. "There's a God somewhere; I'm in search for Him." He'll search and move and hunt and turn over until he finds it.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

John 10:27 My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:

```
**37** And as David said in the days gone by, "When the deep calleth to the deep...". If there's a deep calling, there's got to be a deep to respond to it. Listen, if there ... no scripture telling me that there was divine healing (you people sitting here tonight), I'd still believe that there was. Look, before there can be a creation, there has to be a creator to create the creation. Maybe that's Greek to you, but listen. Here some time ago, I read in a paper, a city below us, where a little boy was eating the erasers off of pencils. And the teacher was all disturbed about it and sent word to the mother. The mother found the little fellow out on the porch eating the pedal off of a bicycle---rubber. So she taken him down to the clinic, and they examined the little fellow; and they found out that his little body needed sulfur, and sulfur was in the rubber. But before he could desire sulfur, there had to be some kind of a sulfur out there to respond to that desire, or he would have never desired it.

**38** And as long as human beings search and hunger and thirst---calling for the power of God---there's got to be a power of God somewhere to respond to it. Before there can be a creation, there has to be a creator in there creating that creation. When a man longs to see God, there has got to be a God somewhere that created that desire in him. If the deep's calling to a deep, there's got to be a deep to respond to that, because the deep had to be first there to create the call that's in you.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**39** Now, that little woman was on her road. Everything against her, but when once she got a feeling that God was a real God, God was real, she began to thirst. Another one come in, said, "Oh, I seen him stand... One of the most mysterious things I ever seen, but he solved it right out under the power of his God, and told them exactly the answer." Oh, it just shook the little queen. She said, "Oh, I must see it. I must see it. I'm a human being. My life, my eternal destination, is before me. I must see it." Nothing's going to stop her. You don't think of dangers, you don't think of criticism, you don't think of what somebody else is going to say.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**40** When that angel of the Lord met me up there that night... All my brethren in my church told me, said, "Them visions of ... that's the devil. You're a spiritualist." But when ... I just couldn't see how it could be and me loving Him the way I did. When I met Him up there that night (oh, brother), the deep was calling to the deep, and there was something responded to it. I went to the overseer of the church. He said, "Billy, you had a nightmare." I said, "If that's the way this church feels about it, here's my fellowship card." Said, "Oh, I didn't mean it that way, but you know such-and-such can't happen." I said, "All right, I might as well give up the fellowship now, because you're going to kick me out after awhile anyhow. So I might as well get started free and clean and get going." So there it was. When the deep was calling, there's something to respond to it.

**41** Now, some of them said this great big Goliath out there---medical science and all this fine cultured churches... I said, "I can't help how much Goliath it is, God's still God. The God of David still lives. The God of Abraham still lives. The God of Jacob lives. The God that was in Christ is living tonight. He reigns, and I know He's real." There's something, that no matter what the difficult is, you want to go anyhow, because you've got an objective. And if you'll take the right motive towards that objective, you'll get there. You've got to have the right motive towards your objective. That's the way I always find the will of God. First, think if it's the will of God, then my motive and my objective to it. If it's the right motive, then the objective I have...

**42** If God would say, "Go over there and preach to this group," I'd say, "Well how much will I get in a love offering?" Of course, that's all cut out. I get a hundred dollars a week, no matter whether I preach or don't. That settles it. But even before that, before I was on a salary (don't make any difference where it was), the right objective is see what you can do for the kingdom of God. Go where He leads you to go, no matter where it is, whether it's little or small. I've never permitted my meetings to grow or get any size. I don't need much money. I have one little end of a trailer with two typewriters in it, two boys I'm paying, that's all. Because why? God might call me to a little place over here. Just recently held a revival in a church that held twenty. Then if He wants me to go overseas and preach to 100,000 or 200,000, whatever it is, He puts it upon somebody's heart to send me over there the same time He gives me the call. Oh, it's nothing like it. Live for Him, trust Him day by day, lead where the deep calling.

**43** The little woman said, "I'm going anyhow." And across the desert, regardless of any of the things that people said, no matter, she pressed on. Well, finally she arrived at the gate. I can see her take all the camels' weights off of them and put the gold in the tent. Now, she didn't come just to say, "I'll go in. I heard of this evangelist. I'll go in and sit down; but if he says one thing against my church doctrine, I'll get right up and go out." That's the 1960 version of it. People knowed better in that day. I think that shows poor raising in the first place. That's right. "If it's anything contrary to me, if he says one word, I'll get right up and go out. I won't listen to him no more. No, sir. I won't listen to him." See, you don't come with the right kind of a motive, you don't come with the right objective---trying to find God. You're just trying to get your knowledge all twisted up. You haven't got a hunger of God, yet. You get hungering for God, you'll stay till it's over, like she did.

**44** She put down her tent and everything, and got ready, and camped out there in the palace court somewhere, and said, "I'm going to stay here till I see it through. If it's right, it's right; if it's wrong, it's wrong." So, I can imagine seeing her go down in Jerusalem and buy all the Hebrew scrolls there was, to find out just what kind of a nature this God was that they were talking about. [Gap in the audio.] "... then you think you have eternal life. And they testify of me. If the things you see then is not scriptural, then don't believe it." That's the way she was going to do, take the scrolls and ... "Let's see what kind of God this Jehovah is." And she got all read up. She said "I know just what He's going to be now."

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**45** If you'd just do that, if the people of America would just have that much audacity, if they would just absolutely give that much consideration to God... Did He promise to do this? Is it His will? Did He promise He would? Is it the Holy Spirit? What kind of a nature is it? How does it act? That's what you ought to do. Find out if it's the Holy Spirit. Walk up and say, "I believe God Almighty; I believe Jesus is His Son; I take ..." and be confirmed? Never was such a thing. It's not confirmed; it's being borned of the Holy Ghost, born of the Spirit. See if the thing is right; search it over, and see if you're supposed to be sprinkled, or baptized by immersing. See if you're supposed to join the church, or receive the Holy Ghost. I've been with the Branham family, next Wednesday, fifty-one years. They never did ask me to join the family. I was born a Branham---that's the reason. And you're borned in the church of the living God. It's an experience. You become a new creature. You're a child of God, a son of God.

```
John 3:6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.

John 3:7 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.

Galatians 6:15 For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature.

```
**46** And if the Spirit of God dwells in you, it'll bear record with His own Word. And one say, "Well, that was for another day," remember, you ain't got the Spirit of God in you. If the Bible says, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever," you say, "In a certain way," then, remember, that's the devil in you. That's right. It's not God. God say, "Yes, sir." to every word. That's "Amen. Amen. I wrote it. Amen." Men of old, when they were moved by the Holy Ghost, wrote the Bible. How can the Holy Ghost ever deny it? (I'm not yelling at you. I've been used to preaching outside, so... I know you're not hard hearing, but I'm not ... I just feel religious, that's all, I just feel real good. It's the Holy Spirit, because I know the thing that I'm talking about is the truth---it's God's truth.)

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

2 Peter 1:21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.

```
**47** That little woman moved up there. And I can imagine her, seeing the first day, combing her hair right quick and washing her face and get over there. She said, "I'll see what all the congregation..." Here was people from everywhere gathered into the big courts. And after a while, after they'd sang some of the Psalms, I can see Pastor Solomon come out, walk out up to his seat, sit down on his throne. And the first thing here come a case up. And as soon as it come up, she said, "Now, I'll just see about this and see how this works. I heard there was so much wisdom. Now look at that poor little woman [or whoever it is standing there] . We'll see about it." When it come up to Solomon, he told her exactly the right thing, her little heart begin to beat. "My, that must be true. Let's see these scrolls. Just exactly right. That must be right."

**48** Day after day passed. She sat. She going maybe at nighttime, sat by the candle light, read, read, read, the Scriptures. Read Isaiah, read all the prophets, getting ready, wondering just what was going to take place. Go back the next day, and see that same God she'd read about, living in one of His human mortal creations, declaring Himself through that man, that man so submitted to God that God worked through him. Not the man. The man was just a man like you or I. They think, the church today, it ain't the... Peter called the Mount of Transfiguration once the "holy mountain." I don't believe the apostle meant "holy mountain," because the mountain wasn't holy; it was a holy God on the mountain. It ain't the holy church; it's the Holy Ghost in the church that makes it holy. It ain't a holy people, a holy man. There's no such as holy man, holy church, or holy this or that. It's the Holy Spirit in the church, in the people, the holy God moving Himself through the people. That's it. The fountain, the inexhaustible fountain of life, is Christ. You cannot exhaust His great love and power and willingness to do for you. His goodness and mercy, it's beyond human understanding. We just lay in there and bathe in it, that's all, in His mercies.

```
2 Peter 1:18 And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.

```
**49** Then she watched day after day. Finally it come a time to her prayer card was called, or whatever it might've been. Might not have been a prayer card, but whatever it was, her time come to walk up before him. Now, she said, "I've got some things..." But the Bible said that there was nothing hid from Solomon but what he knowed about her. Amen. Nothing hid. He told her all things. If that... What kind of Spirit was that on Solomon? Solomon? No, sir. It was the same Spirit that spoke to a woman at the well and told her where her ... while she was living in adultery... And she went and told the people, "Come see a man who told me all the things that I did." She knowed if He could tell her that one thing, He could tell her all things. And there was nothing hid that Solomon didn't tell her.

```
John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**50** What did she say? You know what she did? She stood publicly before the audience of the people, and she said, "All that I have heard of you, all the good things that I have heard about you, they were true and more than what I ever heard about you." She had experienced, herself. And if you don't believe the Holy Ghost is real---what you've heard about---just get the experience yourself and see what happens. See if you won't say, "More than what... I used to watch people enjoy the blessings of God. I thought it was all right, so I wanted it." But when you get it, then you'll say, "It's more than what I ever saw," because it's something that happened to you. When Christ reveals Himself to you, not in an intellectual form, but in a new birth form.

```
1 Kings 10:6 And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:7 Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.

2 Chronicles 9:5 And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:

2 Chronicles 9:6 Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.

```
**51** She stood up there, not only that, she recognized that that man had God in him, and that was a gift of God. She said, "All I heard's true, and even more than I've heard." And she said, "Even blessed is the men that's with you. Blessed is the men that sits here with you daily that sees this great gift of God performing. Blessed is the people that's with you that stand now." Think about a pagan saying that. She witnessed that that was the true God. And Jesus said, "She'll stand up in the day of the judgment and will condemn this generation," that will not walk across the street; or will walk in and sit down, look around a little bit, and say, "Oh, there's nothing to that," and walk away. In the day of the judgment

```
1 Kings 10:6 And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:7 Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.

1 Kings 10:8 Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:9 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.

2 Chronicles 9:5 And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:

2 Chronicles 9:6 Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.

2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

2 Chronicles 9:8 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.

Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

```
**52** (if she would condemn that generation), just a few generations after Solomon, and Jesus said, "A greater than Solomon is here." And it's greater now than what it was when Jesus was here, for they told Him that He was a Beelzebub, called the acting of the Spirit of God as a spiritualist or something, and called Him Beelzebub because He did that; and Jesus said, "I'll forgive you, but when the Holy Ghost is come, to speak a word against it will never be forgiven in this world nor the world to come." So one of the greatest gifts that God has ever given was His Son, to sanctify a people that the Holy Spirit might show itself. And still that little woman, if she'd condemn that---this is two thousand years later---what will she do when she stands in the presence of Tulsa at that day?

**53** What will she do when she stands in the presence of the whole United States in this generation? She'll condemn it, for she had no limitations. Her heart was hungry, and she recognized it. She sought God, she looked over the scrolls, she seen it was right, and then she accepted it, and stood and blessed him, blessed the people, and was so happy that she come. I'm so glad that one day I found it to be the truth. Oh, it's been, "Thou the stream of all my comfort, more than life to me, whom have I on earth beside Thee, or whom in heaven but Thee." Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's embrace Him, the true gift of God, the Son of God in the form of the Holy Spirit. Let us bow our heads.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**54** Before praying, with your heads bowed and your eyes closed, how many would like to be remembered in prayer tonight, saying, "Brother Branham, remember me before God. I recognize that the Holy Spirit is here on earth today, that the great powers of God still works through believers as Jesus promised: 'The works that I do shall you do also. He that believeth on me [St. John 14] , he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he also.'" How did He make Hisself known Messiah? By knowing the secrets of their hearts. That's always been a sign of God through the age. Would you like to be remembered? Raise your hands. God bless you, everywhere.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**55** As Thou has said in Thy Word, Lord, "Blessed are the eyes that can see and the ears that can hear." And truly no man can come except you draw him. We thank Thee for the Holy Spirit. We thank Thee for these people that's here tonight that has received the Holy Spirit. We pray, heavenly Father, that all here that has not received it will receive it tonight. Cleanse their hearts from unbelief, and may they just simple and child-like faith believe it, confessing, open up their heart, and He'll certainly come to their abode. Grant it, Lord. The services are drawing close now, Lord, to a prayer line where Your servant ... I'll pray for the sick, if it be Your will. I pray, Lord, that if there be sinners here, unbelievers... Oh, they may be theologians, they may be staunch church members; but if they still haven't received the Holy Spirit or believe on Him, they're still unbelievers.

```
Genesis 15:6 And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.

Matthew 13:16 But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.

Romans 4:3 For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

James 2:23 And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.

```
**56** Truly, Lord, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness; and then God give him the seal of circumcision as a confirmation of his faith. So is it today, Lord. We might say that we believe, but until we receive the Holy Ghost, it's never been confirmed. For it is written in the book of Ephesians, fourth chapter and thirtieth verse: "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." Let it be tonight, Lord, that You'll seal many away into the kingdom of God, until the day of redemption. May they become full believers tonight, and You confirm it by giving them the Holy Spirit. Now, O Lord, I would pray Thee, God, let Him come now and just humble our hearts, and bring us to a stop, to where that He could work through us and in us, to will His will and to do His will, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**57** [Someone speaks in tongues and one interprets: "... saith the Lord, that draweth nigh unto thee. And the Lord, Thy God, wouldest say: Open thine heart and search them and break up thy fallow ground, and give thyself to Me, for I am the Lord Thy God. And I've spoken even unto thee, this night, My Word. I have give thee of My Spirit; and therefore, I would reveal and unveil Myself to thee, that thou mightest be in readiness, not only to meet Me, but to serve of me, to obey Me and to perform the Word of God. For verily, My Word shall not return void, but it shall accomplish that whereunto it has pleased Me to sent It to thee. I am Thy God, Thy Deliverer. I am thy God, thy Shield, and thy Buckler. Rejoice in thine heart and praise me, and I shall show thee My glory."]

**58** Almighty One, praise be to the Lamb. Now, if you understand, friends, that's the Spirit of the Lord speaking. Now, the Bible said if one speaks, another one interprets. Now, the Lord said He was ready to unveil your eyes and show Himself to you. Oh, how wonderful. Aren't you happy for it? Wonderful. My son said they gave out fifty prayer cards, G 1 to 50. We will call those cards just a moment. And now, usually, for the last few nights, we haven't been giving prayer cards. We've been having discernment, just the people praying. Do you like that? I just love that. But many people wants to have hands laid on them. And we're right here to do that. Yes, sir.

**59** Now G number 1, who has it? Prayer card number 1 now [blank spot in tape] . If He's the high priest ... and does the Bible say He's the same yesterday, today, and forever? Do you believe that, sister dear? All right. You believe that He is. Do you believe that, little lady sitting here in the chair? You believe that He's the high priest? Okay. Now, He can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. If I could, my precious people, if I could I'd come right down there and go around through the building and heal everybody here. I would just love to do that. I believe you believe that. I would do it; but I can't. I can't do it. It's already done. Jesus has did that. He can't forgive your sins; He's already forgive them.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**60** But now it won't do you any good until you accept it, you believe it. You say, "Yes, Lord, I accept what You did for me." Then you're saved. And then you say, "I want You to heal me, Lord." He's already done it. Then you just have to accept what He's done. Now He's the high priest sitting at the right hand of Almighty God, making intercession upon our confession, or profession (it's the same word), so whatever, now... He can't do nothing for us till we already say that He's done it. We have to confess it, or profess it, that He's done it, then He can go to work on it and make intercession. Is that right, brethren? Is that the scripture? Making intercession on our profession... R

```
Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

```
**61** Now, and the Bible said in the book of Hebrews (now we have some of the best scholars in the world, tonight sitting here), in the book of Hebrews, that it's written that He is a high priest now, ever-living, making intercession upon our confessions. And He's also a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. We can touch Him with our infirmities. Then, if He is a high priest (and He is) that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, then if He's the same... Hebrews 13:8 said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." Now, and He said, "The works that I do shall you also." Now, what works did He do to make people to understand that He was Messiah? See. Because He showed them the sign of a prophet that He was Messiah. They knew it, because Moses said that He would be a prophet. How many understands that? How many knows that Jesus said in St. John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in himself, but what he sees the Father doing." Then Jesus Himself... That Word is truth. He never did one miracle until God showed Him a vision on what to do. How about it? That's right. A vision on what to do.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**62** Talk about visions... This brother translator here was telling me today that about 40% of the Bible is visions. And we... Just as he said (he made a beautiful illustration), said, "Pin your arm up and don't use it for a few months, and find out what happens. It gets so weak it can't be used." That's what the church has done with these things, with all the gifts of God. You just pin them up; they're not usable, see. Let them loose, exercise faith, get some muscles in it. Let me tell you, faith has got hair on the chest. When faith speaks, everything else sits down. That's right. That's right. When it speaks, everything else shuts up. Now, if Jesus is a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, then do you figure (you out there that doesn't have a prayer card), do you believe you could touch His garment tonight? Do you believe you could?

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**63** Now, if you get real hysterical, and say, "Oh, oh, let me hurry, let me try," no, you're going to lose it right there, see. Faith is so simple, you don't know you have it. That's right. It's just a gift. It's just, say, well... Can you touch that Bible? Sure. How do you know you can? Only by faith, because... It's just become so common to me, I just reach out and get it. Well, that's the way faith is. It's just so simple: you just reach out and get it. Now you believe.

**64** You're all strangers. How many in this prayer line is strangers? Raise up your hands. (Strangers to me, I mean.) All right. How many out there's strangers to me? Raise up your hands. Now, we're not in some ouija board, like the devil. We're out here before these flood lights and before the people, in the presence of God to ask God to do what He said He would do. Now this line here is not a line of discernment. We know we just pray for these people. Discernment comes from out there. These people... How many knows... ? [A person in the audience prophesies.] Amen.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

```
**65** Have faith, sweetly have faith. Now, just... I want you in the prayer line, now, watch the audience, see. And you pray and just ask the Father, "Father God, Thou knowest my need and You know that I have need of healing. Will you help me?" Just humbly, just come like that poor little woman with that blood issue; and she touched the border of His garment and was made whole. Over here in the corner, you raised your hand awhile ago you wanted to be healed? You think your heart's going to be all right now, you're going to be healed? You had heart trouble, didn't you? Wasn't you praying, "Lord, let it be me?" Raise up your hand if that's right. All right. Your heart trouble's finished now. Now, I do not know the man, but watch. Did he touch me? He's thirty feet away from me. See, he touched something; and something spoke through me, that was all. It wasn't me. I'm just like... This here microphone's a complete mute without there's something to speak through it. That's the way we are. How do I know that man? I never knowed ... how'd I know what was wrong with him? I don't.

**66** Now here, that you might know again. Here sits a man, sitting right back here, suffering with heart trouble, little [unclear word] on, his shirt open. That's right, isn't it, sir? All right. He healed you right then. Your faith made you whole. What did he do? He touched, not me. I don't know the man, have never seen him. But he was desperately ... and he was praying, "Oh, Lord, let Brother Branham speak to me." Ask him if that's right or not. Raise your hand if that's right, sir. Raise up your hand if you was sitting there praying for me. Now, a God that can hear prayer can answer prayer, don't you think so?

**67** A lady sitting right back here, got something wrong with her hands. You believe that God will heal you, lady, with something wrong with your hands, sitting there? You want to be healed? All right. Your faith touched Him, then. Your hands will get well. That lady sitting right behind you there, she's had an awful operation, and she's praying also. Is that right, lady? Raise up your hand. All right. You're going to get well. Where the doctors fail... Satan hid from the doctors, but he can't hide from God. He knows right where he's at, so he's gone. Have faith in God. This lady sitting right over here close to where that baby is being rocked back and forth there. She's praying about a foot trouble, but do you believe God will heal the feet? If you believe it... All right. Stand up, lady, so that they'll know who I'm talking about. That's it. You, right there, sister, just tell God that you love Him. Do you love Him? All right, then you can go home and be well. Lord bless you. That's very fine.

**68** And by the way, when you sat down, that lady right next to you was so thrilled, having that bladder trouble, but it's gone too, sister. You can stand up on your feet and accept it, also. So, you're healed. Do you believe with all your heart? Now, you see... Now we know His presence is here. Now be reverent. Now, if anyone knows that when a vision strikes, it weakens you. How many knows that? How many knows that the Son of God said when a woman touched His garment, He said, "Who touched me?" And He looked around and said, "I perceive that virtue [that's strength] has gone" from Him and that takes strength. What would all these people here, if the Son of God---one woman touching Him and there's seven or eight people across there, then, see---and you're still touching... If I just speak, you see, it's your faith.

```
Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**69** But now, this line here, you believe. Now Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Look, the other night, coming by, I laid hands on a little boy blind. Walked right out of there and started down the steps and received his sight. How many was here when that happened? Sure. Little boy born blind, about sixteen seventeen years old, began to scream back, "Oh, Brother Branham, I can see!" Sure. I can't heal. I can just obey a commandment, see. That's what I do here when He told me that these things would come to pass. And let me tell you something now---the new ministry that's coming up will be so far beyond this. I've already seen it working four or five times. There's many of the people that's with me knows that to be true. We're facing, ready for a great hour.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**70** But that you might know... Here's a fine person standing here. We're strangers to one another, are we, lady, you and I? Well, He don't... But I have no idea what's the woman... You said something, sister? I didn't... Oh, I've prayed for you before. Of course, I wouldn't know that, my... I don't know what's wrong with you now. God knows that I don't remember you, see. But just that the people might see that God is just as great here, out there, just wherever your faith is, right now, just to settle down, see. I'm trying to throw myself off from you to keep from your faith pulling this way. And the first thing you know, I just wilt right down---you just can't stand so much. Pray for someone, then turn around change the subject, and pray for someone again, just to keep strength up, to keep my promise to lay hands on the American people.

**71** We never have to do it overseas. Just one thing to be spoke out like that, the whole group just raises up, leaves wheel chairs and everything else, and goes on home. That's all over, see. But there's so many confusions of different teachings here in America they don't know what to believe. Right. One says, "Oh, telepathy"; other one, "the devil." One says, "Do this." Poor people. Listen. "Let every man's word be a lie and God's be true." That's just the only way to say it. He's here. He's already healed you; you just accept it.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**72** Now look, lady, if the Lord Jesus will reveal to me something of you that you know I don't know nothing about you, and if the Lord Jesus will reveal something to me that you know it has to come supernatural, would it make you believe better? It would? Would it make the audience believe better? Now she's close to me here, see, just real close. Now, this is the same picture as St. John 4, a man and a woman meeting for the first time, sitting here, just maybe the little well with a panoramic like this. Now, Jesus began to talk to her. Now, you're not the woman and I'm not Him, but His Spirit still lives, see. In that time it was in the flesh called the Son of God. And now we're adopted sons of God by His grace, so that His work can carry on, see, to still declare it.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

```
**73** The lady is very, very sick. She's got a female trouble, lady's trouble. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. You believe now? I keep feeling somebody saying, "He's guessing that." Stop thinking that. You hurt the meeting. I'm not guessing that. That's the power of God. Here. Stand still a minute, see. Now just so they get that out of their mind... Let's see, I don't know what it was, but, just a minute till I finally... Yes. You've been to a doctor. It's a female... Yeah. Not only that, you're up for an operation. That's right. And you have a kidney trouble. You have a bladder trouble. You're not from this country. You're from Missouri. Your name's Miss Hildreth. Now go back up there and be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. God bless you, sister. Your faith has made you whole. Just believe with all your heart.

**74** Do you believe now, as you come? If I don't say one thing, will you believe? If I lay hands on the sick, the rest of you going to believe it now? Come right on now. Everybody, pray now for these people. Father in heaven, may the power of Almighty God rest upon the woman and heal her. Amen. All right, come. Do you believe, sister? What if I told you you was healed while you was sitting in the chair when that come upon you? It's gone. Do you believe now, sister, this whole church is praying for you? Heavenly Father, I lay hands upon her and ask for her healing in Jesus' name. Amen. Come. Now, you know that I know what's wrong with you; but if I don't say nothing, would you believe anyhow? Then go eat your supper. Your stomach trouble left you. You can go eat. Do you believe, sister? In the name of the Lord Jesus, may she be healed.

**75** Come, sir. Do you believe the heart trouble left you when you come up the step a few minutes ago? If I told you it did, would you believe it? Go on your road, saying, "Thank You, Lord." Come now. Do you believe with all your heart, sister, and that arthritis will go away and you'll be made well? Lord, I pray that you'll grant it in Jesus' name. Amen. Come. Now, you know I know what's wrong with you, don't you? You want me to tell you? I believe you do. All right. Now, you're awful young for that, but you got a nervousness. Now, that's right. A mental nervousness, upset, and you get real weary late of an afternoon and drop things. That's exactly what you do. Got a mind that thinks ... you're always crossing bridges before you get to them. Forget it. Go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. Believe with all your heart. Come. Father God, in the name of the Lord Jesus I pray that You'll heal and make well this woman. Amen.

**76** Father, I pray that in Jesus' name that You'll heal her. You going to believe now, Sister Tomlin? Come. You going to believe for him with all your heart, sister? Heavenly Father, You took the little boys and put your hands on them and they were healed. I pray now in Jesus' name. Amen. The Holy Spirit's here, just the same Holy Spirit that knows all about things. Now if you don't doubt at all, he'll get over it and be all right. Go believing, see. Now you people coming through, when your ... you know, you keep thinking, you keep wondering, watching to see if I'm going to tell you. If ... they'll come get me and take me out of the line. And the rest of them won't get through the line, see. So don't do that, see. He's still here. He knows all about it. He knows everything. Don't you believe that?

**77** Do you believe that, lady? Are we strangers to one another? God knows us both, doesn't He? You believe God can tell me what your trouble is? If He'll do it for this woman, will the rest of you believe for the rest of the night with all your heart? Raise up your hands. Here's my hands---I don't know the woman, never seen her. All right, just have faith. Got broken ribs. That's right. That's what's wrong with you, exactly right. You got a burden on your heart for somebody else you're praying for---that's your father-in-law. That's right. And he's blind, got cancer of the stomach. You mind if I say the rest of it? He was too poor to come to the meeting. He didn't have money for him to come to the meeting. Here, put that on him in the name of the Lord [unclear word] and he'll get well. [Brother Branham continues to pray for the sick while the audience is shouting and praising God.]

**78** Nervousness did it. Made a peptic ulcer, caused that acid in your mouth and things after eating. Go get you a hamburger---your peptic ulcer is healed in Jesus' name. Our heavenly Father, I pray for this boy. May the power of God ... will make him well [unclear word] believe with all your heart. God bless you, fellow. Have faith. What do you think about the little baby? That's what you want prayer for. Do you believe that God could tell me what's the matter with it? Would that help you? I see it's a serious thing. It's a brain trouble, kind of like mental retarded like. It's had three operations of no good. You believe God can hear my prayer? Then I cast... [Brother Branham continues to pray for sick while audience is shouting and praising God.] Don't doubt. He'll be all right.

**79** Lord, I pray that You'll heal him in Jesus' name. In the name of Jesus Christ, go believe with all that's in you. [Break in tape.] Something happened in the audience. Somebody was healed in the audience. Just a moment, I'll get it. Are you the one to be prayed for? Do you believe God? Something wrong with your lungs, got trouble in your lungs. You just had a nervous breakdown. You're not from here; you're from California. You're a minister. Mr. Allsop. Go home and be well.

**80** O Lord, come I pray in Jesus' name that You'll grant it, Lord. Come, sister dear. Everybody pray now in sweetness. Pray, pray, pray. In Jesus name [unclear word] . Come, sir. Believe with all your heart and you can remove your trumpet. In the name of Jesus Christ. I know you have. Believe. This little cripple boy, O Lord, I pray that You'll heal the little lad. May he return back walking and rejoicing in Jesus' name. Amen. Don't doubt, believe with all your heart. All right. Come, sister dear. Believe with all that's in you. In the name of the Lord Jesus may she be healed. Come, brother, with all the faith that you can. In the name of Jesus Christ may you be healed. Amen. Come. O Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ may she be healed. Pray, all the church. Pray together now. What if this was your children passing through here? Come. O God, I pray that You'll heal the little lad and make him well, in Jesus' name.

**81** Come, sir. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ grant his request Father. Come. Heavenly Father, grant this request and may she be healed for the glory of God. Amen. God bless you. Don't doubt. God bless you. Father God, I pray that You'll grant his request [unclear word] . In the name of Jesus Christ, may it be so. Amen. Come now, believing with all your heart. Are you believing with all your heart? O heavenly Father, I pray that in Christ's name that You'll grant this request, and may she be healed for the kingdom of God's sake. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ may he be healed, Father, for the kingdom of God's sake. Amen. Look how many people's praying for you out there, Dad. You've got to make it. You've got to. Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ, grant her healing for Your glory. Grant it. Do you believe for the little one? Bring him here. O God. Don't doubt anymore, see. You keep trying, but don't do that. Father, cursed be the devil that done this evil. May the child get well. Do you believe that God hears that? I tell you---to be sure that you'll know---you put a string around its head, and then you measure it tonight. Cut the string off. Then tomorrow morning, or tomorrow night, before you come back, measure it again; and then show me how much it shrank, and lay it up here on the desk, and watch how much it shrank. Have faith. Are you going to believe, laying there? Going to believe, all of you? Have faith now. Just whatever you believe.

**82** Now, are you to be prayed for? Do you believe the Lord Jesus? Do you believe me to be His prophet, or His servant? Do you believe me to be His servant? Prophet staggers the people, see. I know somewhere they're listening at me, see. Very weak. But do you believe that God will hear prayer? All right, listen. Your trouble is in your side. That's right. You've got a loved one you're praying for. And that loved one is in ... kind of a mental case. That's right. Do you believe he'll get well? Do you believe that handkerchief you got will catch it? Mrs. Hammer. That's your name. You're not from here. You're from Oklahoma, Wagner. Now return back and take that handkerchief and believe with all your heart.

**83** Do you believe out there with all your heart, each one of you? Do you believe, everybody? I tell you what you do. If you can, reach over and lay hands on somebody. Lay hands on... Young man, lay your hands on her, will you? Lay your hands upon that little girl. All right, someone walk over there and lay your hands [unclear words] . All of you. Are you believers? Say, "Amen." Come here, brethren. Take one of these mikes, each one of you. Bow your heads. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who is present now, knows your heart. I am so weak I can't hardly stand it. Now you can realize the condition. Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." If you're a believer, just lay your hands on somebody and pray for them, and they'll pray for you. Now I'm going to pray for all of you, and God will hear my prayers. God will hear your prayer. And I don't care what's wrong with you, you just believe right now, and you're going to get well, every one.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**84** A little girl there was crippled, sitting in a wheel chair, has raised up in the name of the Lord. Now, Lord, I pray that your power and grace will be sufficient at this time in the people's hearts, like the queen of Sheba, will they stand and say, "Truly God is in the midst of his people." And Satan, you [unclear word] the people, I charge thee as a deceiver, I charge thee as having no power---you're only a deceiver. Jesus Christ triumphed over all the powers you have and stripped you from every power. You're deceiving the people, and you've been exposed tonight. Come out of these bodies in the name of Jesus Christ. Leave them people [unclear words] .

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

Matthew 28:18 And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
```
