---
Date: 1960-09-11
Title: As I was with Moses, so will I be with thee
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 11 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# As I was with Moses, so will I be with thee



**1** ...out again this morning, after a good night's sleep. I hope that we all had it and are feeling relaxed today. I was just thinking, as I was standing in the room and... Billy Paul put in twenty-five cents this morning. I remember standing on this same pulpit when Frankie Weber... A neighbor here, he and I went to school together. And I was about twenty-one, or about twenty-two, I believe, and he was already twenty-five. And when he put in the twenty-five cents I thought, "Oh, my, Frankie is about ready to die, he is so old." And now... I thought, "What will I do when I get that age, twenty-five?" And now my son is putting in twenty-five. Just goes to show that time is fleeting and it waits on no one. We must work while it is day, for the time will come when we cannot work no longer. And I always liked Longfellow's Psalm Of Life, "With partings, leave behind us the footprints on the sands of time." We must make footprints while we can make them, each of us. Let's not waste one day, but make every day count the best that we can for His glory.

**2** A couple of nights ago, or two weeks ago, it has been... The Lord gives visions, as we're all sure of that here. And I had a strange vision to happen to me while I was down in Kentucky. I said to the party I was with, "Something is surely fixing to happen." I saw standing before me, about three o'clock in the morning in the room, a man, hideously dark. Not like our beloved colored brethren and sisters; this man was different. His body was wrinkled iron, and he was coming with great clutching hands to get me, and my protection was a small blade. But it was no good, it couldn't ... protect myself with it. So, somehow the Lord come in and helped me to get away from this hideous man. He was wrinkled iron. I could see him as he raised his hands, the great wrinkles in his skin, just like iron moving back and forth. I suppose, maybe, a hard pressing bullet would not pierce that hideous shell (like some animal, a tortoise or something) over him. And he was after me. I have a good idea what that was and what it means.

**3** But then last Tuesday morning, about three o'clock, something else happened. I was at home, and standing before me in a room was a divine one that spoke words that I did not understand. And the time that He appointed is near at hand. And I did not hear him too good, but he was a divine one. And he said, "Seven more days, and you will stand as Moses stood," or "will be as Moses was," or something concerning Moses. That leaves me one more day after today. That was the sixth. I don't know what that means. I know that He will work it out, whatever it is. "You will stand," or "have to stand," or "be as," or... It was something pertaining to Moses. And I never thought too much about it. I told my family and told some of my loved ones that I saw this divine one. Yet, he spoke as a man. And then I noticed that my message of last evening, the Lord let me choose Moses. And this morning it's Moses and his successor. And the scripture that I am about to approach this morning is concerning Moses and Joshua. And this scripture, Joshua the first chapter, has always been a very outstanding scripture. Never preached on it in my life; I'm going to try it this morning.

**4** But about two years ago, I saw the Bible, in the room, come down and stand where I was at. And a hand from above came down and parted the pages, turned them out; and come down, Joshua 1 to the ninth verse, and stopped, going slowly. I've waited for this hour to approach, to when I would feel that it was God's will for me to speak concerning it. Now don't forget the evening services, if you can come and you don't have a post of duty. If you have churches that needs you, why, we certainly recommend you to your church. This morning we are going to pray for the sick, immediately after the message. And I think there, following that, is a baptismal service. And tonight, the Lord willing, I want to preach on five infallible scriptural identifications of the church, and our relationship with it---with the New Testament church, and our relationship with this church. And services will begin, the song service, at seven-thirty; try to be in the pulpit at eight o'clock. And we'll be through by nine-thirty, the Lord willing.

**5** And then I trust that today that it will not be none of these words that ... when I come down to the commission, that no one will fail to see it, because it's very important that you lay aside everything now and think, as we wait on the Holy Spirit. Before approaching this marvelous and gracious Word, I'm going to ask that my good friend and co-worker, Dr. Lee Vayle, if he'll stand up and lead us in a word of prayer, as we open the Word. Brother Vayle. [Brother Vayle prays.] Thank you, Brother Vayle, for that inspiring prayer to God.

**6** And now let us turn in the Scriptures. There is just so much to talk about, but yet seeing many standing around the walls and in the halls, and so forth. I believe we are facing the dawn of a new day. Now, in the Scripture reading this morning, let's turn to the first chapter of Joshua. And we will read from the first book of Joshua, the first chapter, the first nine verses. While we're making ready... This message is being taped, and will be sent to many parts of the world. I would want the peoples of the world to whom the Lord has given me favor and I have found grace in your sight, I am saying this this morning because that in the future hoping to come into your congregations in meetings, that you might know ahead of time what the Lord God has done, that you might know truth. And as Jesus said, "The truth shall make you free."

```
John 8:32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.

```
**7** Reading from Joshua 1: ...after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the sun of Nun, Moses' minister, saying, Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, and go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I have given to them, even to the children of Israel. Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses. From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, ... unto the great sea towards the going down of the sun, shall be your coast. There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shall thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them. Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper wheresoever thou goest. This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shall meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shall make thy ways prosperous, and then thou shall have good success. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee wheresoever thou goest.

```
Joshua 1:1 Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses' minister, saying,

Joshua 1:2 Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.

Joshua 1:3 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses.

Joshua 1:4 From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.

Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Joshua 1:6 Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.

Joshua 1:7 Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.

Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

Joshua 1:9 Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

```
**8** In the fifth verse, and about the middle of the verse, it is written: "As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee." That is what, if I should call it a text, I would like to wait on a few moments, and call your attention to that. "As I was with Moses, so will I be with thee." Now last evening we were journeying with the children of Israel all the way from Egypt till we got them into Kadesh. Oh, what a great lesson! What a great thing, as we typed the natural church to the spiritual church: God dealing with Israel in the natural; with the church in these days, as He is calling out of the Gentiles a people for His name. He is dealing with them in the spiritual, as He dealt with them in the natural. Just parallel, one to the other. All that God did with them, and all that God did for them, and all they did in response, falls to us as an example. And we see, so far, the Word has been carried out exactly the same: how that in the natural when they got their victory or two, they settled down to rejoicing, and shouting, and dancing, and praising God, just the way the church did; and now has waited forty years for the opening of something else.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

1 Corinthians 10:11 Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.

```
**9** And as we think of Moses, this great servant of the Lord, how that at his birth, the place of his birth, God chose him for his work, at his birth. And his life was very much difficult to be lived because he's a man, and he wants to live it one way, and the Spirit of God leads him another way. What foolish decisions, seemingly, that he would make, when, with a foot on the throne to be heir of the world, and then take the other side to become an outcast, or a wanderer. Seemingly, mentally, it would be a foolish thing. But we find a great lesson in here, that men who follow the Spirit is foolish to the world, because they are of another kingdom, led in another way, led by the Spirit. God, let that be me, and all of you, that we will follow the leading of the Spirit, regardless, watching God's promise, waiting for it to be fulfilled.

**10** And that's just what Moses done. Pharaoh read the same scriptures that Moses did, only Pharaoh looked at it in another way. Moses looked at the same people Pharaoh did. Pharaoh saw them as slaves and as mud-daubers; Moses seen them as the called and chosen. That's the way I want to see the church of the living God. Not a bunch of fanatics or outcasts, but as the chosen of God, that I might be able to give my life, as Moses did, for this great church and for the cause. Now we find Moses being called. And after being commissioned, he failed his commission by trying to do it in the way that he thought was best. Therefore it teaches us again that we can't take what we think is best, or what man thinks is best. We've got to take the way that God has said is best. Therefore, to follow the Word of the Lord is always the best. Take the way God said.

**11** And in his failure, we find out that he fled from the face of Pharaoh into the wilderness, where he married Jethro's daughter Zipporah. And there after marrying her, she bore him a son, Gershom. Then he settled down, quietly and peacefully, as in sheep business. But one day God heard the cry of His people. God remembered that He had a covenant with those people. Not only that, but He also remembered He had a servant who He had called and had chosen, and He had a covenant with that servant. And God will never change His covenant, or change His desires, or change anything. God will always keep His promises. Although Moses had failed Him and had done that which was wrong, yet God kept His covenant. When God calls a man to do something, he must do it, just got to do it.

```
Exodus 2:21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.

Exodus 2:22 And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.

```
**12** Someone asked me some time ago, "Shall we seek our gifts now for our ministries?" Some Methodist brethren who had just received the Holy Ghost. I said, "No, don't do that. When you do, then God can't use you." I said, "The only thing to do is just go ahead being a Christian. If God has called you, He'll place you just exactly where you belong." Usually, those who seek and try to get things, if God would give them something, they'd more or less be a stuffed shirt. Usually, the man that God calls is the man that's trying to run from Him, if anything---Moses and Paul, and different ones, trying to get away from the call.

**13** But we find here that God, in spite of all the failure that Moses had done, He still had His hand on him. And He called him to go do His service, called him into his commission. And what a consolation that must have been to Joshua when he heard God say, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with you." Although if I am trying and I fail, God won't leave me. I never had much confidence in anybody that's too afraid to do anything. I would rather be found a failure than too lazy to try.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**14** One time it was said that the Ballard Flour Company hired a man, and he was going to sign his name; and the man had no eraser on the end of his pencil. And Mr. Ballard said to him, said, "Why haven't you got an eraser?" He said, "I don't make mistakes." He said, "Then I can't use you. Because if you make mistakes ... you don't make mistakes, you won't do nothing." That's true. God don't hold you responsible for your mistakes. He holds you responsible for your willful sins. "He that sins willfully after he has received the knowledge of the truth..." But a man that's going to do something is going to blunder, he is going to fall. He is going to make mistakes. But if he is really divinely called, and God in his heart, he'll rise again.

```
Hebrews 10:26 For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,

```
**15** Used to be, coming to the church here years ago (and they may be here this morning), a little man and his wife. They used to sing a song that thrilled me, goes something like this: Forgive me, Lord, and try me one more time, I'll be Yours if You'll be mine; If I fall or if I fail, let me rise and try again, Forgive me, Lord, and try me one more time. I like that, for any good soldier is apt to get wounded or hurt. But if he is still a soldier, and got a purpose and something to fight for, he'll rise and try again. Any good soldier of the cross will do the same thing.

**16** And to Joshua, the new commander of the army after Moses had passed on, seeing that God stayed with him in his mistakes, he held his commission up... No matter what Moses done, it was Moses' office that God respected. He was a prophet. He was above all the prophets. He was really more than any prophet they'd had. When his own sister laughed at him for marrying an Ethiopian girl, He called them together and He said, "Don't you fear God?" Said, "If there be one among you who is spiritual or a prophet, I will speak to him in visions and make myself known to him in dreams. But it's not so with Moses. I speak lip to ear with him. Don't you fear God?" See, that's not a good thing, to tramp upon God's people. You hurt Him when you do so. God had commissioned Moses. His failures meant nothing---God knowed his heart.

```
Numbers 12:1 And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.

Numbers 12:6 And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

Numbers 12:8 With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?

```
**17** And one time Moses complained about having too much to do. And so God took His Spirit and divided it amongst seventy. They had no more Spirit than they had at the beginning, but, only thing, they just had more machinery. Same amount of Spirit. God can put His entire Spirit upon a man if He wants to, or He can scatter it amongst thousands if He wants to. One day He put His whole Spirit upon a man called Jesus; now He has scattered it through His churches everywhere. God keeps His commission.

**18** Now Joshua, the new warrior. Only two left now that ever left the promised land. That was Joshua and Caleb. Now Joshua the new commander to lead an army, to step into the place where a great man like Moses stood, it was no little task. I think of a minister today that's called of God to step into the tracks where Jesus stood---what a command, what a commission. But each that's called of God is commissioned to stand in that same place. "I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the way." Each minister is called to stand where He did: "The works that I do shall you do also." Each minister ordained of God is commanded to stand in the tracks of Jesus Christ and perform the duties that Jesus performed. That's quite a command!

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**19** And how it must have felt when Joshua, standing there that morning talking to God, He said, "I'll not fail thee; and as I was with Moses, so will I be with you; no man shall stand before you all the days of your life. I will destroy and divide. I will make the way clear, only be strong and very courageous. Be not dismayed [that's worried] . Don't be afraid, I am with you! I'll see you through." What a commission to be given to this new man called Joshua. Now, there's a great lot of types here that we could go into, but we'll bypass some of them. For instance, like Moses was the church age that brought them to Sinai, to their theology (of last night). Moses was not permitted to take the children of Israel over into the promised land because he had failed.

```
Numbers 20:12 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them.

Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Joshua 1:6 Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.

Joshua 1:9 Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

```
**20** And the church organizations, denominations, has failed. They'll not take the church over! God will raise up a new system, an interdenominational system, by the power of God, that'll take the church into the promised land. Organizations and denominations has messed it up, each one after their own theology, each one after their own way of thinking. But God will take His Holy Spirit, and will raise His Joshuas, that will take the church to the promise, with no denominational strings tied anywhere, but will take over His church. Moses had failed. He was a law-giver. Joshua was called of grace, and he took the church on.

**21** We find also that Joshua, knowing this commission, knowing that it laid in his hands, that God had called him for a duty that he must not fail, he walked softly before God. And when he called the people together and told them that God had commissioned him, watch the request of the people. They said, "We will follow you as we did Moses if we can see the same thing that followed Moses following you. Only be strong and courageous." That ought to be the requirement of every born-again person today. If we are requested to follow, then let's see the signs follow the believer. As Jesus said, "The things that I do shall you do also." And I've asked you before to be sure to let your spiritual heart be open this morning, because I'm trusting that you will catch what I am saying. Sitting with denominational people, all kinds of organizations gathered here this morning, from Catholic and Protestant and many different types, so it will be revealed to the Spirit-filled, of course.

```
Joshua 1:16 And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go.

Joshua 1:17 According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses.

Joshua 1:18 Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him, he shall be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**22** Now, Joshua had to take this command. The people said, "Let God be with you as He was Moses, and we will know that the same Spirit that led us this far can take us on." Oh, how the church ought to look this morning to find the Spirit working amongst people, if you want a church home where the Spirit that raised Christ from the dead, the Holy Spirit, that will move amongst the people. That's the Spirit that God is raising up in the last days to take the people over into the other land, into the full promise of all the blessings of God, and to the full commission that He gave, or the promise. "The promise is unto you and to your children." As Israel sought for that promised land, knowing that it was somewhere because there had been somebody there before, so is the church! We know that there is a land somewhere! There is a power somewhere because there has been others over there. We know that land lays beyond the river, where we are headed towards this morning, trying to go into that promised land. Joshua knew that that land was there. He went first and found out, then he could come back as a witness. God-called ministers ought not to be so stuffed out with theology, but have visited the land to where we are going, bringing back evidence of the divine love and power of Jesus Christ to make known to their congregations that there is a land beyond the river.

```
Joshua 1:17 According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**23** Now, last night preaching going up to Jordan. Now, when we get to that river, it divides us. It separates us. Once on the other side, something has happened to you. Now, Joshua, in all this, knowing that the command was great; but having the assurance, he could be fearless, he could be, as we'd call it, reckless---as long as he was pointed the right way. He might break up against a hill that would knock him backwards, but he was headed the right way. So can the church of the living God be reckless and fearless in faith if we are pointed the right way; for He said, "As I was with Moses, I will be with you. I'll not fail you nor forsake you." He never forsaken Moses. He never failed Moses. He will not fail Joshua. He will not fail us! He'll be with us.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**24** And as we find Joshua to take this commission, knowing the responsibilities, was leading them through lands now that ... he would have to go over into the other land. He would have to set up their kingdom. He'd have to divide the inheritances among them. He knowed the commission was tremendous, far more than what Moses had done. Joshua had more to do than Moses had to do. Another thing, he was to lead them along the border, amongst their brethren. They had already tasted blood. He had to conquer them, he had to keep them quiet, as they marched on. So is it today with this new Pentecostal group that's rising now. They've tasted denominationalism. It's so hard to keep them down.

**25** Some years ago they said, "Come, Brother Branham [when the ministry first started] , we'll start an organization, build you a memorial somewhere." I'm not looking for a memorial! I'm looking for the coming of the Lord! They formed a little cult called "The Latter Rain," moved up into Canada and out into California; but it fell through. Of course, it can't go. Why was it? The only thing they know... They come out of those things, and they got a little touch of it. They've got to have something they've got to do. But, brother, the real church of the living God has no forms, has no creeds. It's led by the power of God that's in every individual's heart. Pass by your brethren. Don't fuss at them. We are greater than they. Don't fuss at them; just go by.

**26** I want you to notice, a great thing taken place here. There was Esau, Moab, and those that we referred to last night. Many of those people, many of those, were actually borderline believers. They were right on the border. Oh, I got to stop here on something just a moment, won't take me but a minute. Many people refer the promised land to the Millennium. It is not. The promised land had wars and killing; the Millennium won't have any wars or killing. It referred to the Holy Spirit, the battleground. Justification, they left Egypt. There is three stages of their journey. They left Egypt under justification, believing the Word. They separated themselves from the Egyptians and come out. They crossed the Red Sea and killed the things behind them, which was sanctification, through the blood that kills all human desires of evil ---second stage of the journey. But the third stage was when they crossed Jordan into the promised land where their inheritance laid. Their inheritance never laid in Egypt, though God blessed them in Egypt.

**27** You Lutherans that believe in justification, your inheritance don't lay there, if you're called. If you're just a Lutheran, that's all the farther you'll ever get. You Methodists, and Nazarenes, and Pilgrim Holiness, and Church of God, who believe in sanctification, the killing of the evil that's in you, taking out the roots of evil, you belong across the river. But to you men and women that there is something in you calling out, the deep to the deep, there is a Jordan yet to cross! and a land beyond the river. Said, "You're going to pass by your brethren. You're going to pass by your brethren, and they are near the border line. And if you pass by them, don't say nothing to them. I have given Esau this mountain. I have given Moab this country. And I don't want you fussing at them, proselyting. Just move through gently. You know where you're going. Don't take up their habits."

```
Deuteronomy 2:4 And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:

Deuteronomy 2:5 Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.

Deuteronomy 2:6 Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may drink.

Deuteronomy 2:7 For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing.

Deuteronomy 2:8 And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab.

Deuteronomy 2:9 And the LORD said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their land for a possession; because I have given Ar unto the children of Lot for a possession.

```
**28** Moab had a false prophet, a bishop by the name of Balaam, who come down and got amongst the congregation to try to get them to organize and all come together, because they were brethren. But they were not! They were half-brothers, not real brothers! If in your heart... "Don't disagree with him; just go ahead, leave him alone. Pay them for what you get, if you have to pass through his country." He was predestinated to be that. If God would've expected or predestinated Moab to join up with Israel, they'd have joined up. If He had predestinated Esau to go with Israel, Esau would have jumped in and went. But He give him his inheritance on the other side of the river.

**29** Well, how can you try to make all the Lutherans see it, all the Baptists see it, all the Presbyterians, and Nazarenes, and Pilgrim Holiness? Don't condemn them. That's all they know. That's all that's in them. But to you who believe (O God), to you who know, to you that's got something in you that's calling to the deep! If all the deep you've got has been satisfied, then stay where you are. But for me and my house, for me, there is something more than what he sees! There is a land beyond the river somewhere, there is still a deep calling to the deep. I cannot be satisfied with theology. I cannot be satisfied with a good church. I cannot be satisfied with a good campaign. I cannot be satisfied with a little healing service. There is something beyond that that's calling!

**30** So just let them alone. Go on through. Don't argue with them. But we are passing to another land. They wasn't ordained to go with you. They won't walk with you. How can two walk unless they be agreed? But to those who love God, to those who are called of God--- Well, they say, "God give us this church. God did this." That's right. God said, "I give Esau this mountain; don't touch him. But I've got something different for you. Cross over!" Amen. That's my desire, brethren, to see my church cross over into another land, a desire to move over to the other side. If there is something in you here first, calling, there will be something to respond to that call. Just settling down to sheep raising ain't enough for you, go into some sort of a business is not enough for you, just to join the church and put your name on the book is not enough for you; because there is something calling, all across the ridge yonder, across the next ridge, and all across Jordan, until you fall into the arms of God yonder. A deep calling unto a deep.

```
Deuteronomy 2:5 Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.

```
**31** Joshua knowed this commission was tremendous. Did you notice when Joshua started across Jordan how Joshua remembered his commission? "Let not this book of the law [My Word] depart out of your mouth." In other words, "Joshua, I don't care what the tribe says, what other clergy says, stay with this Word! for then thou shall make thy ways prosperous. No matter how many big things they do, and how many little things they do, and how many organizations they made, stay with the Word, Joshua! [Oh, my!] Stay with the Word. This Word shall not depart out of your mouth..." Let me read it again: Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou may observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant has commanded thee: turn not from it from the right hand or to the left.

```
Joshua 1:7 Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.

Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

```
**32** If the Word says do a certain thing, do it! I don't care what the organization says, do it anyhow! That's the Joshua that God is waiting for. Turn not one inch, one iota. Stay right with the Word. ... turn not from it to the right ... or to the left, that thou mayest prosper. Oh, you think you are prospering when you're building big churches, getting ten thousand added to your denomination. That's not prosperity. That don't take you one step closer to the promise. What we need is more of God, more of the Holy Ghost! ...that thou mayest prosper wherever you go. This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shall meditate therein day and night. When you're thinking on doing something, are you taking God's Word for it? Are you finding your desire in the Word? Are you preaching that which is Bible? Or are you just like many today, and too many, "preaching for doctrine the commandments of men?"

```
Joshua 1:7 Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.

Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

Matthew 15:9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

Mark 7:7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

```
**33** This book of the law shall not depart out of thy hand ... or, thy mouth. "Thy mouth," what you're saying. Just don't read it and walk away. Speak it! Live it! Teach it! ...but thou shall meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. See what a Joshua of this day is going to be? See what a Joshua of the church spiritual is going to be? Is the same kind of a Joshua they had in church natural. Church spiritual has got to be the same thing. If the Bible said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God," the spiritual Joshua will say, "Amen." If the Bible said, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever," the spiritual Joshua will say the same thing. He is the same. If the Bible says, the Book, the Word, says that "Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem till you're endued with power from on high. After this the Holy Ghost is come on you, then you'll be witnesses of me," the spiritual Joshua says the same thing.

```
Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

Luke 24:49 And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.

John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**34** If Peter, on the day of Pentecost, said, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost," the spiritual Joshua will never vary one iota, but he'll make just exactly what the Word says. If Mark 16 said, "Go into all the world, preach the gospel. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe: In my name they shall cast out devils; speak with new tongues; take up serpents; drink deadly things, it'll not harm them; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover," the spiritual Joshua will say the same thing. He'll meditate therein day and night, to make the way prosperous.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

```
**35** I want you to notice what taken place. Joshua, when he come to his first campaign, his first time to prove that he was the real Joshua... Israel ought to have knowed that. No doubt the clergy had a different idea. They said, "Now we'll just camp here until springtime ... or, till summertime, the Jordan will go down." Looks like God throws some of the most foolish things in front of the spiritual Joshuas. Brought him there in the month of April, when the Jordan was three or four times its size. He was trying him, to see if he really was the Joshua. Let everything go wrong, let everybody else prosper, let errors prosper. Let the men who have a form of godliness, deny the power thereof, prosper, and shove you back. But if you know where you're standing, you'll stand! Regardless, if the whole world turns you down, you'll stand just the same. You won't vary from that Word.

**36** The Jordan was three or four times its size, spooky, horrible-looking, muddy. But Joshua said, "God said within three days we're going over. And we're going over!" Now the clergy'd say, "Now just a minute, Joshua. We are educated men. We are smart. Many of us here are engineers from Egypt. We know how to do these things, so we'll just wait a little while until the stream clears up and we can walk across it. Isn't that much easier?" "I don't care what you think. God said three days we are going over, and we are going over! We are going over in three days." Watch what Joshua did. What did he put first? The clergy? No, sir. He put the Word first. Said, "Take that ark! And all you priests stay away from it. Get behind it. Don't try to lead it; let it lead you."

```
Joshua 1:11 Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it.

Joshua 3:11 Behold, the ark of the covenant of the LORD of all the earth passeth over before you into Jordan.

```
**37** That's the trouble today. We try to get ahead of the Word, and bypass, and make the Word to fit this, and the Word to fit that. Bless your hearts, what we need today is, follow the Word! The Word led the way. When it got to the Jordan she opened up, and they went over. In his first campaign, he put first things first. He had a reason for that. He had a reason, because God had commissioned him, "Stay with the Word. Let the Word do it." Every campaign, they went forth in the battle, because God had charged him, they put the ark first. After the ark went forth, what went forth then? Singing, players of instruments, before the fight took place. Hallelujah! That's what we need today, what we had this morning: singers, instruments, playing music, rejoicing. Then put the Word first, read the Word. Then the battle sets in. We're bound to win, just got to win. Stay right with it, keep its direction, and it'll keep you in the hour of trouble.

**38** He had a good reason for it. Now remember, when he crossed over, before he crossed over, he sent a spy over, two of them, to search out the land. Now, Moses had sent a whole group of them over, but they all come back confused. Watch the new ministry. He never did that. He knowed where you got fifteen hundred different ideas you got fifteen hundred confusions. But he sent two. Said, "Go over there, spy out the land." Now we want to get down to something that I don't want you to miss. He said, "Now when you go over..." They passed over, to look the land over, to see if the promises was right, see if it was ... what kind of a land, and how they must go in. They crossed over. The names of the spies isn't given. But when they went into the land they came to Jericho itself. And when they got to Jericho, what happened? They run into a prostitute, a woman of ill-fame.

```
Joshua 2:1 And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there.

```
**39** I want to draw a picture. Maybe it isn't right, but I want to make a point by it. We have no history of Rahab. We know that she was a prostitute. Let's think she was raised in a home that was real poor, and she became ill-famed. And she's a beautiful young woman. She went into the streets to make her crippled mother and father a living; no way for her to work, only sell the morals of her body. But I can imagine all the time she knew that was wrong. There was something in her told her, "That's not right to do that." She knew it wasn't. One day she heard that there was a God that was moving. Her heart begin to tremble. She found the messenger from that great move, that told her what was going to take place. What did she say? Now Joshua had signs. Joshua had the same signs that Moses had, exactly. So when he ... Rahab didn't ask to see Joshua's sign; she just heard. A type of the church, a type of the true church that's been pulled away in prostitution. "I'm a Methodist today, a Baptist tomorrow, a Presbyterian the next day." Pulled away in prostitution.

**40** But all of a sudden, a little preacher enters the city and says, "There is a God that lives, that lived yesterday and is the same today. His power is just the same. He does the same works that He did when He was here on earth." His agents are on the road. Now, Rahab the harlot, known as a harlot, she was a type of the believer today, the real believer. She didn't say, "Now I hear that Joshua can do signs because he's the successor of Moses. I'd like to see those signs. And if I could see those signs, then I'll believe it." Well, he didn't absolutely have to show those signs, because she believed it anyhow. She wasn't a Thomas. She believed it.

**41** Now, Moses, when he had signs, he went down and performed those signs, but the sign isn't the thing that took them to the promised land. It wasn't. The signs was the vindication of the commission. And Rahab believed it without seeing anything! She said, "We're all trembling." No wonder Nicodemus said, "Rabbi, we know thou art a teacher come from God: no man can do these things, unless God was with him. We all know it." The world knows it today! Billy Graham calls out, "We got to get back to Pentecost." The council of churches calls out, "We've got to get back to prophets, to speakers of tongues, to interpreters of tongues, to divine healing, healers in our churches, letting the Spirit of God have its right of way." God is making His call. The people fear real godliness, and say, "Everything ... our hearts are failed within us."

```
Joshua 2:9 And she said unto the men, I know that the LORD hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you.

Joshua 2:11 And as soon as we had heard these things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any man, because of you: for the LORD your God, he is God in heaven above, and in earth beneath.

John 3:2 The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.

```
**42** Now, she didn't have to see a sign that Joshua could do with his hand or with a stick. She believed. She said, "I heard, and I believe, and now I'm asking for mercy. [Oh, how we could put a lesson right here!] I'm asking for mercy for me and my house." Look at the Roman, that night, that pulled his sword and was going to kill himself, the Philippian jailer. Paul said, "Do yourself no harm. We're all here." Said, "What can I do to be saved?" Said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ; thou and thy house shall be saved." Why? "Thou and thy house"? Certainly. Thy house shall be saved with thee. Why? If you've got faith enough to have yourself saved, you can have faith enough for your family to be saved. Yes, thou and thy house!

```
Joshua 2:11 And as soon as we had heard these things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any man, because of you: for the LORD your God, he is God in heaven above, and in earth beneath.

Joshua 2:12 Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have shewed you kindness, that ye will also shew kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:

Joshua 2:13 And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.

Acts 16:28 But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.

Acts 16:30 And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?

Acts 16:31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.

```
**43** Look at Rahab. Rahab said, "Have mercy upon me! Spare me. I don't want to die with these unbelievers. I don't want to die as an animal! I want to die in the arms of Jehovah. I believe your God, because He is both God of heaven and earth. He does visible things. He makes things real. I've never seen Him do it, but I believe it anyhow." See, she had never seen Joshua; she just heard of Joshua. She had never seen God, she had never seen any of the works of God; she just heard. Others had seen it, and she believed by hearing it. Now, said, "I want favor for me, and my father, my mother. They're both old and crippled up. I've got some brethren. I want to have faith for them." And the spies, the preachers, said, "Yes, he's coming this a-way, and we are going to take the land. Now, if you want to get them saved, get them in the house. [Hallelujah!] If you believe it, go get them and get them in here, for we'll not be responsible if they're in the streets. But if you'll just get them in the house, we'll be responsible [hallelujah, where that little red cord was to hang down the window] . We'll be responsible if you put them in the house."

```
Joshua 2:12 Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have shewed you kindness, that ye will also shew kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:

Joshua 2:13 And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.

```
**44** Oh, brethren, if there ever was a time we ought to get our loved ones in the house, it's today---the household of faith. Get them in, for the time is coming when there is coming a shaking. Only, our fathers, and mothers, and brothers, and sisters are only safe in the house, because God's power is going to shake the country again. It is. And only the household of faith will be saved. Now he said, "I'm not responsible unless you get them in the house." And she made them swear that they would not destroy her or her family. He said, "If you'll get them in, they'll be safe." She let them down out of the place, and they went.

```
Joshua 2:12 Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have shewed you kindness, that ye will also shew kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:

Joshua 2:13 And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.

Joshua 2:14 And the men answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it shall be, when the LORD hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly with thee.

```
**45** This great harlot, Rahab, become a believer. I took her history here not long ago. After she was considered and brought into the faith (because of her belief in God, she was brought into Israelite faith, a proselyte), she courted a general in the army, of the Israelite army. Watch what God did for that woman. And they had a... They moved up in Bethlehem and they had a son. And this son, they called him Boaz. Out of Boaz ... he married Ruth, from Ruth and Boaz come Jesse; out of Jesse come David; out of David come Jesus. Hallelujah! Why? "Faith cometh by hearing," hearing of a God that's God of heaven and earth, and believing on Him. Believing what? The commission that God had given to a man named Joshua, believing that commission.

```
Matthew 1:5 And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;

Matthew 1:6 And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**46** Joshua had faith in his own commission, as Moses had faith. Things went wrong for Moses, looked like he failed many times, but he rode through triumphantly and died on the rock. The angels packed him away. God, let me go like that. Let me hold my commission till someday, when I get ready to die, I'll see the rock laying there by me. Joshua is keeping his commission. Although he had... God will hold it sacred, because he stayed right with the Word. Now, Rahab knowed that Joshua had this commission. Now don't miss it. Hold those things in your heart. Joshua had the commission. Rahab recognized it before she seen anything. She knowed Joshua had the power of God that was going to take the land. She asked for mercy. God granted her mercy. Now when Joshua came into the land, of course we know, she was spared.

**47** But then another great commission Joshua had was to divide the land with the people. Now remember, "This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth." So he had God's Word. "As I was with Moses, move right on out. As I was with Moses, so I'll be with you. I'll not fail you. You may fail me, but I won't fail you. But if you fail Me, My grace is sufficient, I'll bear you right back up. Just keep moving on. As long as you stay with My Word, I'll take care of you."

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

```
**48** Now he had to divide the land, and there were twelve tribes to divide it by. Now what if he had some picks and pets? What if he liked the tribe of Gad better than he did the tribe of Ephraim, the tribe of Joseph better than he did Judah? But he didn't do it that way. He divided according to the Word, revealed by the Spirit. He divided it according to tribe. And notice, he done it by the revelation, by discernment. By the discernment of God's Spirit, he did it. Each one of those Hebrew mothers, giving birth to those babies, called their name. And each one of their names has a meaning. Jacob, when he was born, being a twin, she called him "supplanter," Jacob. But when he got his overcoming power, and wrestled with the angel, God changed his name from Jacob to Israel, "a prince." The name has something to do with your life. When Peter, a fisherman, had overcome by his faith in Jesus, He said, "Your name is Simon; but I'm going to call you Peter, which is 'little rock.'" It changes you. Your name has something to do with it, and your placement in life.

```
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

Genesis 32:28 And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.

John 1:42 And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

```
**49** And when this great thing taken place, when each one of these Hebrew mothers, in their travailing in the childbirth called out, like "Reuben," that placed him positionally in the ... Palestine, exactly the way that mother said and called his name, said it. I don't have it all wrote down here, but Reuben meant "sheepherder," Gad means "cattle raiser," and Ephraim meant "corn raiser." Now, by spiritual discernment Joshua, the new leader, by spiritual discernment, placed each one where he belonged, divided the land just exactly.

**50** A very beautiful type today, of what we need a Joshua for today. The trouble today, when we are come into our promised land, Gad wants to raise sheep like Ephraim, one wants to raise something like the other. Every man wants to be the same. Let God give one man a gift of healing, every man wants a gift of healing. Ephraim and Gad and all of them wants to mix all up and come as one. But we are divided in our position. All don't have the gift of wisdom, all don't prophesy, all don't speak with tongues, all are not prophets. But God has set in the church some that prophesy, some that speak with tongues. We want to make them all speaking in tongues. See how the confusion is? Then you can't get nowhere. Why, the Philistines would take them over in a little bit. Sure. But when each man, by a leader, separated them by spiritual discernment and placed them into the body, there they remained and become the cream of the earth! God, give us a Joshua. God, give us back a Joshua that will hold the commission with the Word. That's why God told him, "This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, for thou shall meditate therein day and night," for he had a commission before him.

```
Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

1 Corinthians 12:8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;

1 Corinthians 12:10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:

```
**51** Now, what a great leader Joshua became, never losing a battle unless something went wrong in the church. When Achan took a wedge, it wasn't Joshua's shape ... or, faith that did it. It was... He took a Babylonian garment and a wedge of gold out of the camp; and when he did, it hindered the whole battle. When one member suffers, all members suffer. What God is coming to one of these days, brother, is a church without spot or wrinkle. He's coming to a Spirit-filled church that the divinely love of God so welded their hearts together that they walk as one.

```
Joshua 7:1 But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against the children of Israel.

Joshua 7:21 When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent, and the silver under it.

```
**52** The battle of all this confusion has got to be won. Is the Methodist right, Baptist right, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim Holiness? Nine hundred and sixty-nine different denominations, besides the Buddhists and all the other kinds. Where are we? Something is wrong. There is a wedge in the camp somewhere. Joshua cast lots. Let me say this this morning, like Elijah on Mount Carmel, "If God be God, let Him answer as God." If the Baptist denomination be right, let's see them produce the signs of Jesus Christ. If the Nazarenes is right, let's see them produce the signs, do the things that He did. If the Pentecostal be right, let's see them do the thing that He did. Then we'll know.

```
1 Kings 18:24 And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.

```
**53** The disciples of Joshua said, "We will follow you as long as we see God working with you like He did Moses." And the disciples of Jesus Christ ought to say the same thing: "We will work with you when we see the signs of Jesus Christ working with you. We'll do that." That's what we should do, that's what the church should say. That should be the attitude of the Christian church. Then you could set in order gifts, signs, workers. If one man is a divine healer, that has nothing to do with the one that speaks with tongues. The one that speaks with tongues has nothing to do with the gift of prophecy. See, we have different phases of this ministry.

**54** Now, when God gave me my commission... I have based all this back for this one purpose. "Gifts and callings are without repentance." No man can make himself anything. God makes you what you are, by His grace. We have no way of making ourself. Jesus said, "Who, taking thought, can add one cubit to his stature?" Who can make hisself bigger or littler by taking thought? You can't do it. When God gave the commission, I questioned it. I said, "I'm unsufficient ... or, insufficient. I have no education. I cannot do these things." And many of you people here this morning, are still living here today ... when He appeared down here on the river, in that form of a pillar of fire, and stood there and spoke back, and said, "As John the Baptist was sent forth for a forerunner of the first coming of Christ, so will your message be the forerunning of the second coming."

```
Matthew 6:27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?

Luke 12:25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**55** Look what it's done. That light hanging over there, it entered the paper, it went all the way across the United States and into other nations. Dr. Lee Vayle there was in Canada at the time. He remembers when it appeared in the Canadian paper, I believe it was. Wasn't it, Lee Vayle? In the Canadian paper, "Mystic light appears over local minister's head while baptizing." Many people said, "It's psychology." But one day God decided to stop the mouth of the unbelievers, because it stayed with the Word. That same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel, is just the same today, leading church spiritual---is the same as it led it natural. He appeared again, and they took the pictures before the critics, and before the examiners. Here it hangs now, infallibly the truth, doing the same works, leading a people spiritually as it led them naturally back there, staying with the Word. Now you said, "What was the commission?" Now remember, God will never depart from His commission.

**56** I'd like to draw it for you, or in a way. We'll take it like this here. Here is a little sign, that is the commission; now here is a little cross in one corner, and a Bible in the other corner, but the writing is in between here. That's the commission. I charge you before God, and the elect angels, and Jesus Christ. The commission was, "Pray for the sick." The question was, "insufficient to do it?" "For this cause you were born, this is the means of your peculiar birth and life, that you are to pray for the sick. If you will get them to believe you, and be sincere when you pray, nothing shall stand before your prayer, not even a cancer." How many has read that, through the years? It's all over the world.

**57** Now, now I said, "I cannot do it, because I am insufficient to do it. They won't believe me---I am poor, I have no education." That was me questioning. He said, "As Moses was given two signs to a-vindicate his commission so are [not 'you will'] ... you are given two signs. One of them will be by your hand. The other one will be you'll know the very secret of their heart, the thoughts of their mind. And by this they will believe, by these two signs." Now remember. Listen. Don't you fail to get this. The sign is not the commission! The sign only points to the commission. You get out here on the road and see a sign, and it says, "Five miles to Jeffersonville," that isn't Jeffersonville. That's a sign to show you you're on the right road.

**58** What if Moses, when he went down there...? He had a sign, with a stick and with his hand. The sign here is no more the commission than it was with Moses. What if all the Israelites'd say, "Say, all you Egyptians, all the rest of you Israelites, come over here. We got a man can do a trick with his hand. You ought to see it. We got a man can take a stick and make a snake out of it. Come see it"? That was just a signpost. That wasn't a commission. They wasn't waiting for a signpost. (God, help us.) They were waiting for a deliverance! And this poor, sick, crippled-up world is waiting for a deliverance, and looking at a signpost. Have mercy! The signpost is nothing but a sign to prove the commission. There is the new ministry. It's just been revealed to me. "Pray for the sick. Get the people to believe you." God can never leave that. That's His commission, no matter what goes on, how much I fail. I fail miserably. I should have never went ahead with them signs; that wasn't the will of God, but God has blessed it anyhow. But I'm ready to leave this mountain. I want to go across Jordan. I want to carry the commission. "Get the people to believe you." I said, "They won't believe me." "There will be added two signs."

**59** Now the trouble of it is we've been looking at the sign. "Oh, Brother Branham, you put your hand on him." "Oh, you ought to see what takes place. Stand before him when the anointing is on him, he'll tell you everything that's in your heart." That's true. I walked into the hospital here the other day. There was the doctors, couldn't find what was wrong with the woman. When the doctors left the room the lady walked back, and she was standing around the bed. "They said they can't find nothing what's wrong." Said, "Brother Branham, you can tell me!" I said, "If you'll believe me, I can." She said, "I believe." And the Holy Spirit said, "Such-and-such a thing. That's what it is, exactly. See if that ain't it." She's a member of Junie Cash's congregation.

**60** Another woman there said, "My back," she said, "they can't find what done it." I said, "Do you believe me to be His prophet?" She said, "I do." I said, "What happened, back yonder in the early month of June... They're trying to work on you, and trying to operate for a slipped vertebra. It's not so. It's a pinched nerve. You got it by lifting the load, when you worked for McSpaddin's Market. She said, "I remember when it was done! I remember it now." That doesn't heal her. That only points to the commission. Quit leaning on the signpost; let's go on to the city! Let's get away from this mountain; let's get to the city. Let's cross Jordan!

**61** I've wronged. I've done wrong. That's why I have based these sermons the way I have. Because, He said, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with you," and when that hand come down and pointed to that very same Scripture... For a long time I've wondered, because I didn't know what the commission was. I've looked for something supernatural beyond that. God cannot get away from His commission. God give the commission, that's what it must remain. But all the Pentecostal people like signs. They like to see it. The Bible said, "A wicked and adulterous generation seeks after signs." But the commission was "Pray for the sick." And tens of thousands times thousands that I have failed to pray for because they all desired the sign. They all desire it.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

```
**62** The other day I was trying to work the ministry, got it into the room. And a man come on the platform, said, "Now, Brother Branham, wait a minute. My case is different. I've just got to know something." I said, "Well, the doctor could examine you." "Oh, I don't want that. I want to know right now. My case is so different." I said, "Well, I hate to do this, brother." Went on into it, and the first thing you know, the Holy Spirit... He said, "Praise the Lord! That's right!" I said, "The rest of you come on now, let me pray for you." When I did that, you know what the next one said? "My case is just as important as his." Then I got about six or eight, and closed the meeting; liked to killed me. I've always wondered, why would that do that to me? Is because I was doing it wrong. That's just the signpost pointing to the commission. It's not the commission. That signpost has been nailed down around the world. And languages---Africa, India, Asia, Europe, around the world---through tens of thousands and millions of people, they know about that signpost. I'm ready to leave this mountain. I want to go on across Jordan. I want to get into something yonder where my faith will rise to a spot when I pray for people they'll be healed.

**63** Watch. God puts it right back in the people's lap: "You were born to pray for sick people. If you can get them to believe..." I said, "They won't believe." He said, "I'll give you two signs, and by this they will believe." Notice then, these signs, they've rallied for them, the signposts, instead of the commission, believing that "you were sent to pray." Now when the people comes into the line to be prayed for, as soon as one absolutely hits the spot... There is nothing I can do about it till they hit that spot. And when they do, then I say, "I give you..."

**64** Hattie Wright, I guess she is here this morning. Sitting right there. She was the first one, when we seen those squirrels. And she knowed the commission about that. And when them seven straight times that God created something, I said, "That's the same God that could create a ram for Abraham, to convince him of his commission; is the same God that can create a squirrel, because that's what I had need of." And little old Hattie Wright there (sitting in the back of the building), with her heart off the things of the world, she was believing. She said, "Brother Branham, that's nothing but the truth!" She didn't just say it from here; God spoke out of her heart. I said, "Hattie, ask what you will. I'll give it to you." She said, "What must I ask?" I said, "You got an old father and mother sitting here. You got a crippled sister. [She is still sitting in that chair.] You could ask for her. You could ask for your mother, father. You are poor, you don't have any money. Ask what you want to." She said, "Well, I don't know what to ask." Said, "I just don't know." She said, "My greatest desire is the salvation of my two boys." I said, "I give you your boys, in the name of Jesus Christ." And they both converted, loves the Lord Jesus, both been baptized in His name, and serving God daily with all their heart.

**65** Ed Daulton, sitting here somewhere (right down here), about his children, the same thing. I seen, at least, in a campaign, eight or nine hundred, maybe a thousand, people cross the platform in a meeting, one by one. First thing you know, I go up and pray for them. Sure they get well. Here come a little girl, dying with leukemia. Sure I knew what was wrong with the child, never said a word to any of them. But when that child got there, I said, "Honey, I give you the desire of your heart. You got leukemia, and I give you your healing in the name of the Lord Jesus." I turned to the audience, and I said, "I challenge any of you here, take that girl to a doctor, have her examined, and see if she has got one spot of leukemia." Why? That child had heard. Like Rahab the harlot, she believed it with all of her heart. Then God, through His Spirit, moved back and said, "That's her." Hundreds had passed over the platform without, as far as I know, receiving anything. I just prayed for them.

**66** Right back to the people, "If you will believe." The commission was given. That's the original. The signpost has been produced. Now if you can believe that, if you will believe that God sent me into the world to pray for the sick people, I'll be able to pray the prayer of faith for you. That's the only way it can be done. God can never get away from His commission. I have failed Him. I have had here about fourteen years, with nothing but straight discernment, around and around the world, till tens of thousands of times, a million cases, I guess. I ask you one thing, did it ever fail? No, sir. And if the signpost won't fail, how much more will the commission never fail! If the sign---that's the minor part---if the sign pointing to the city, if it doesn't fail to tell you the city is there, how much more will the city be there when you come! There is the commission.

**67** Now, my ministry is changing. It's already changed. There will still be the discernment. They will still carry on just as I feel that God wants me to say them. But until then, I will pray and lay hands on the sick, as He told me to do, and carry out my commission. I've waited a long time for this, but I believe now that we are ready to take the promised land. Just as sure as there will be, there will be some Rahabs waiting, there will be someone waiting that will believe it with all their heart. Can you understand? Everybody understands that well, raise your hand. How many believes that that's absolutely scriptural? That's exactly what He said. This is the commission; these were signposts pointing to the commission.

**68** Now, I challenge anybody to tell me, anywhere in the world to these tapes, wherever they may go, show me one time that He ever failed to tell on the platform, or out in any vision or anything, but what was exactly the right thing, come to pass just as He said. Told every person just exactly what their troubles was, and all about it, and where they come, and all about what they should do. And every time it said "thus saith the Lord" to anything of healing, it happened that way. If you know one, let me know about it. I'll go to the tape and find out. It's never failed, in these twelve long years, or fourteen years. It's never failed, because it can't fail. The sign was given by God. It can't fail. And before God give the sign, He give the commission; before there could be a sign to point to a commission. Before there can be a sign to point to a city, there has to be a city first to point to. If you've believed it with all your heart, you will receive it. "The prayer of faith shall save the sick, and God shall raise them up."

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**69** Now, I have leaned heavy on the signpost myself. "Lord, You show me about this before I pray for them, because I don't know what I might do." How cruel that was. I ask the congregation to forgive me. The congregations of the world, that's listening in on this tape, forgive me! I was wrong. I should have never carried it out like that. That wasn't His commission at the first place. That was a sign pointing to the commission. I should have prayed for the sick, everywhere. Now, see, it's right back again into the laps of the people---if you will believe that God commissioned this to be done. Here it is in the Word, it's just exactly with the Word, the commission. And I say...

**70** I'll draw it here with my finger---an arch, a rainbow. That's a covenant God made with people. He made a covenant with the human race He would destroy the world no more with water. He made a covenant with each one of His apostles. He made a covenant with the prophet. And yonder, some fifteen ... fourteen ... fifteen years ago in 1937, May the 7th, 1937, I think it was, that God made a covenant with me, saying, "You were born in this world to pray for sick people---if you can get them to believe you." My heart has always been for the people. "If you'll get those people to believe you, and then be sincere when you pray, nothing will stand before your prayer." I say this with sincerity and with a shamed face. If there is anybody ought to have faith, it would be me---to see what He done, where He brought me from, the ditch where I was hewn from; to see down through life what He's done; see when I stand and say something, God will come right around and back it up, truth.

**71** Years ago, when I told you there was an angel come to me in the bush when I was only three years old, a light, a whirlwind, whirling in the bush, and told me never to smoke, drink, or anything else, there would be a work for me to do when I got older. You had a right to doubt that. You had no right, but you could have doubted it. Down here on the river, when He come down and proved Himself to be that, up where we were standing... Many of you sitting here this morning was standing there present. Many of you know that to be the truth. Many of you remember then when the commission was given, and He said, "Go, and this ministry will go into all the world, a revival will start." And there has been a revival since there has never been. The revival is still going on, around the world now, great healing campaigns all over the world.

**72** And me, from a person, a little rat. I don't say this no dishonor to my mother sitting there, or my dead father that's gone on, whose funeral was preached at this pulpit. I was raised in a terrible family. You know it. There was none of us Christians. My father drank. God taken a drunkard's son, and would wash me in His blood. When I would go downtown to talk to somebody, and be talking to some man, he would only talk to me because there was nobody else to talk to. Somebody would come up, say anybody, no matter who it was that come up, they would turn away from me because I was a drunkard's son. And many of you people here in my own church knows that's the truth. Had a name like I never ... like an animal or something. Even one time it was said---of the city, to a person that come to our house---said, "Would you associate with such trash as that?" Oh, but, God, what did I have to go on but the blood of Jesus Christ! I have no education. I have no personality. I have nothing.

**73** I told my wife not long ago, "Think of what it was when nobody would talk to me, and I loved people, and they wouldn't listen to me." I remember reading a book, going to school... I sent my children to school the other day; and I could get them books and things, and how thankful I was. I would go to school with no shoes on, hair hanging down my neck, no clothes, a little old coat on with no shirt under it, didn't even have a lead pencil or a piece of paper to write on. I had to bum a lead pencil, a penny-lead pencil, and a piece of paper to write some problems that was on the board or something. Nothing. It was wrong.

**74** I remember reading in a book one day where Abraham Lincoln got off of a boat down in, I believe, New Orleans. There he seen, standing in the pasture, some little Negro children with their little feet where an old cow had laid all night, got the frost off the ground. And he was ... they were standing there singing, "You got shoes, and I got shoes, and all God's children's got shoes." When he got off the boat, he looked, standing in the bull pen, and there stood a great big healthy colored man standing there, his little wife with a baby on her arm, crying. They was auctioning him off, to breed him with bigger women, to make bigger slaves. Lincoln clenched his hands like that and hit his fists together. He said, "That's wrong!" Said, "Some day I'll hit that, if it takes my life!" It took his life, but he hit it. And he killed it!

**75** I said, "This drinking, this wrong living, is wrong! Some day I'll hit it!" How was I going to hit it, with a name like I had? Nobody would talk to me. That's the reason I questioned my commission. Nobody cared for me. There wasn't no one nowhere, just amongst my people here. By the grace of God, I have to leave my home, I can't even stay there, for the people around the world calling. Men of all kinds, potentates, monarchs, kings, great people, businessmen, ministers, from all over the world, calling. Call, call, call, day after day, night after night. What did it? The blood of Jesus Christ that cleansed my soul. As the blood of Abraham Lincoln took the slave belt off of a colored man, the blood of Jesus Christ took sins' shackles from me; and took me from a name that was lower than an animal name, and put me a name as a son of His grace.

**76** And I am ready to go to Jordan this morning. I'm ready to stand to my commission. I've loved people. I've catered to them. He has met me, vision after vision, which I don't have time to tell (and you know, it's wrote right here in the backs of these books), saying, "You're catering too much to people. To walk with Me, you'll walk alone. You're putting too much emphasis on those signs." I didn't know what the rest of it was, but the hour has come. The hour has come when I seen the hand come down to Joshua, said, "I was with Moses. I'll be with you." I believe it this morning. From henceforth, and this day on, I serve God in my commission. If He wants to show me signs or wants to show me visions, He can show them to me. If He does not, never will I stand before people trying to let their faith pull something out of me anymore. I'll pray for the sick and commit them unto God, and let them go. If they believe the commission, God is just as true. He has brought me to this far. Just as He did Moses, just as He did Joshua, so has it did the same.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**77** My humble prayer is, "God, forgive me. Let me rise and try again. Help me, Lord. Let me lead this people, and set them in the Word, till we can go up to Jordan, go into the promised land, where the great ransomed church of God will be saved to sin no more." That's my desire this morning. Believe it and live! Believe it, and be healed! I speak to you in the name of the Lord. Let us pray.

**78** Lord God, creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, and giver of every good gift, let Thy mercy and grace be upon Thy servant first, Lord. I have done wrong in Thy sight by misusing something that's been divine, because the people has pulled it from me, Lord. I pray Thee, O Lord God, from this hour on, charge me, Lord, with Your Spirit. I believe with all my heart. Help Thou my unbelief. And when men and women are coming to be prayed for, that I'll do as long as You give me breath and life. Let them now believe as they be prayed for, Father. May this commission that Thou has given me, may I be able to pack it in all the world. And when I get to the certain places where the signpost has been nailed down, may they know that that only points to the commission. May they have faith.

**79** Lord, no longer will I wait for some kind of a sign or something, to tell me certain things, or whether this person is going to be well. I'll go to meet the enemy with faith in my own heart. I'll go to challenge him against the blood of Jesus Christ. By the blood of Christ, he cannot stand. Now if all these things has been right, which has been proven to be right, so will You heal the sick when I pray for them, Lord. It's Your Word. It's Your promise. This I desire to do. Help Thou my unbelief. Forgive my sins, Lord, of disobeying You. I did not know what else to do; if I did, Lord, it hadn't been revealed and made clear to me. Now it is. I know where I stand. I know my commission. I'll never let this Word depart from my mouth, day or night. I've always stood by it, Lord, stood by it---telling the people that if it's not the Word of God I have doubts of it. But I would preach or do nothing except it be the Word of God.

**80** But, Lord, I'm getting tired tramping around over this same ground. Like I said last night, forty years in the wilderness, back and forth, back and forth. God blessing, yes. Raising sheep and children, and whatever more, and flocks and herds, and all more. God, You blessed them. But one day You said, "You've been on this mountain long enough. Oh, go on up north, towards Jordan." God, I'm starting this morning. I'm leaving these signposts because it's pointing towards a better land. I may stumble. I may go through the Amalekites, I may go through the Hittites and the Canaanites, I may have to pass through my own criticizing. Lord, I'll just keep moving on for I know there is a land yonder somewhere. There's somewhere, some condition, some place we can get to where You'll answer prayer, that whatever we ask will be granted, not even cancer will stand before the prayer. I know that to be the truth. That I believe and wait for, Lord. And I commit myself to Thee this morning for Your service, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

```
Joshua 1:2 Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.

```
**81** Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe. Now the tape was turned off, because this will go across the world. That's from my heart. Can you understand, church? God can never say anything and go back on it. His words are infallible. His promises are true. All this time He's been waiting for this hour. See, it's the prayer of faith that saves the sick, not a sign. Prayer of faith! "If thou canst believe," Jesus said, "I can. I can, if you believe." Now if God has give me power to pray the prayer of faith over you, and has promised it and vindicated that it's the truth, now do you believe? What I ask, I receive, if you believe it. "If you can get the people to believe, and be sincere when you pray, nothing shall stand before your prayer."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**82** Brother, sister, if I ever want to be sincere, it's now. After all my mistakes, in showing, what I want ... reason I brought these messages previously, that God shows there that He's merciful. Moses made his mistakes, a great man like him. Then when Joshua come up, he was going to make his too. But God said, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with you." Now look at God, two years ago, pointing that scripture right to me, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with you. I'll not look at your mistakes." He knew that this hour was coming. Now it's here. See, right back again, because God can never get away from it. "By faith you are saved." How many knows that? No matter how many good men prays over you, how many good preachers preaches to you, you've got to have your own personal faith for salvation. Is that right? It's your own... I don't care how many good sermons you hear, how many good churches you belong to, it's your own personal faith that saves you. How loud you cry, how much you beg, how much you scream, how much you dance in the Spirit, you're only saved by your faith. Is that right? That's the only way you are healed.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Joshua 3:7 And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee.

Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**83** If God gives a man a message, a preacher, a preacher preaches salvation and gives a message, you see that message is the truth, God vindicates it by His Word, that it's the truth; then how much more ought you to believe a gift of healing, when it's been a-vindicated by the Word and by an angel, with two signs that's pointed the infallibility of them both? How much should you believe! See, and as long... To show that it wasn't exactly God's perfect will to do that, the sign always weakened me. How many knows that? Ask my wife back there. She can tell you. The one---she hits it worse than everybody---has to put up with me. Not knowing hardly where you're at, and walking about, and this, that, and you're [unclear words] . Go down the road a little piece, and stop.

**84** Now, coming from these last meetings. I took those people in the line. First we would have a couple nights free, without giving out prayer cards. Then it got such a rally we'd have to give out prayer cards. I would stand some times and run fifty or seventy-five, maybe forty or fifty, discernments, at one time; and each and every night. Is that right, Gene, Leo, and you that's around here, that's in the meetings? Sure, was the truth. And what did it do? When it left me, and started home, I'd forget where I was at, want to know where I had come from on the highway. Now you mean to tell me God does that to a man? No, sir. It was a man doing it to himself, by taking a signpost instead of a commission. I stopped under a little old tree there, on the side of the road, somewhere in Washington, or somewhere up in there. I said, "Lord, if You'll just let me shake back to myself, good again, help me to know what's truth, so I can get straight once with the people, and get the commission straight."

**85** I got it now. Sitting down here on the mountain side of Kentucky the other day, about daylight one morning, He revealed it to me. And this is it. This is it. Now I go in the name of the Lord Jesus. That's it. Believe it, and live! Believe it, and get well! I can't make no one believe it. You have to believe it yourself. But I have told you the truth. God has testified that it was the truth by His Word, by His angel, by signs and wonders, for twelve long years. If they're not going to believe it now, they will never believe it. Is that right? But the hour has come when I'm tired of staying on this mountain. I want to go up to the Jordan. I want to enter into the full promises. I want to get faith within myself, not looking to a sign, not looking to something God has revealed, or some kind of a signpost. I want to look towards Calvary and say, "By faith I come, Lord God. I'm coming in the name of the Lord Jesus."

**86** Now there is some in here to be prayed for this morning. I am coming to meet the disease and affliction of your body in the name of Jesus Christ. I'll do that until God takes my life away from me. As long as He gives me sense and understanding I'll come to pray. Don't you fail to what you believe---that when I pray for you, you are going to get well. Settle that. If you don't believe it, then don't come at all, because you'll only hurt yourself. Now it's on tape, and it's here. From henceforth, no more discernment until God gives me the ... tells me to do a certain thing; to go tell this person a certain thing, then I'll go tell them. He say do a certain thing, I'll go do it. But as far as standing there, saying, "Now look on me. You believe with all your heart. Yes, this is So-and-so. You're John Doe, came from So-and-so. You had cancer so long. Dr. So-and-so told you you wasn't going to get well. You went and done a certain thing. Now you have to take that back and make this right, and get this before you get well. All right, Brother Doe, go ahead now, believe it." "Now, you are Sister So-and-so, you come from So-and-so." "You come from So-and-so." And then I go into a whirl, not knowing what to do, hardly. And first thing you know, in here is another one, I'm looking to see who I'm looking at. And I get out of the meeting, and "Where am I at?" No more of that.

**87** I'm coming in the name of the Lord Jesus, as His servant. If God hasn't proved it to you by this time, that I've told you the truth, then you'll never believe I've told you the truth. Amen. That's right. It's true. How many wants to be prayed for, raise up your hands. All right. Now I want Teddy. Is Teddy still in the building? [Someone says, "No, he had to leave."] He had to leave. Who is a pianist here that could play the song "Only Believe" for me? If you will, if somebody is here that can play? Have you got it ... or, you got it taped, have you, somewhere? If anybody is here that wants to play for us, "Only believe," some pianist, come right ahead. Male or female, doesn't matter, we'll be glad to have you. All right, now while you play it softly, if you will, sister dear.

**88** Now we're not going to give out prayer cards. When we're in little meetings like this, we don't need it. When we're in big meetings, we'll still have to give out prayer cards, if I pray for five hundred. You'd still have to, because you get too many in the ... swung up into the crowd, you see. How many believes that this is the will of God? Oh, something just makes me feel I've done right, something makes... It's off my chest. It's been on there for twelve years, knowing there has been something wrong, Brother Lee. Now I know it's off of there. I've said it, it's taped, and it's off of my chest now.

**89** Remember, you can only be saved by your personal faith. You can only be healed by your personal faith. Do you believe this to be the Bible? God's Word! Do you believe your pastor to be a man of God, whatever church you go to? If you don't, you should leave it. Get to a man that is a man of God. Then if you believe him, believe he is telling you the truth, then accept it. Your own personal faith in Christ saves you. No matter how good your pastor is, how godly, saintly, your mother is, how real the Word of God is, how much you cry, how much you pray, it's your faith that saves you! By faith are you saved. Now the same thing applies. No matter how... God's Word says that He would send this in the last days. Two straight sermons now, I've brought natural Israel and spiritual Israel together. We're looking for the Joshua of this day, which is the Holy Spirit, to lead us to the land. He has to speak through somebody, because He is a spirit. I have told you what He has told me. Now you believe, and be healed.

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**90** Now let these, on this side of the line, Doc, go down there. Billy Paul, where is Billy? Come up here to help Doc, if you will. And now each one of you coming through this prayer line, remember, it's going to fall right back on you if you don't believe with all your heart. It's the truth. You must believe it. Now remember, it's you the one that's sick. God said it in His Bible, God sent it by His messenger, God proved it by His angel, now you must believe it. Now you that wants to be prayed for, here is what the Bible said, "If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." And that's the truth. And we want to believe that, with all of our heart now, and God will grant your healing.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**91** Now come around this a-way, right through here, and right back; let this side, then this other side come right back the same way. Let that side stand up on the right-hand side, over here. All right. What say? [Someone speaks to Brother Branham.] I'm going to step right down here. Yes, sir, right down here to pray for them. Now these letters and handkerchiefs, I have prayed over. Many of you, some of you, maybe have to go. Don't forget tonight, now, the service is on the a-vindication, the divine vindication of the true church, see?

**92** Now to you that's going to be prayed for, do you absolutely believe that you're going to be healed? If you don't, don't come. If you do, it's your duty to come. Now, I am not a healer, but I have a gift of healing. That was witnessed. It's been proved that that's the truth. See, way back, a long time ago, I remember I used to go out to the hospital here. And I was just a local Baptist preacher, here locally. I would go out to the hospital. There used to be an old nurse out there, she lived down in Howard Park. I don't know whether she is still there or not, at the hospital. She used to say to the patient, "Now you're going to get well. Now you're going to get well." Say, "That little Baptist preacher is coming to pray for you." See, it was just ... it was beginning. That was the way it was. And now it was going to scatter, from local here, around the world.

**93** And now He give me these signs to make up for my education. Now, if I had the education of some of these other ministers (for instance, one I know of, maybe as Brother Neville, or Dr. Vayle, some of those), I wouldn't have to have this. But I had to have it, to make up this, to take up for what I didn't have in the way of education. I had to have signs. And just as... The signs has proved just as effective as an education would have done. But, you see, if you haven't got the qualification, God is able to give you the qualification another way. Now, you have faith and believe. Now, I want each one of you to promise God, where you're standing. Because, if you don't, it won't help you. I want each one of you to lay aside every shadow of doubt. And when you come through the line, when I pray for you, I want you to walk out of here... You might not see one speck of results. But Jesus never said, "Did you see it? Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it? Did you believe it? If thou believest..."

**94** Now I have noticed this along the way. I pray for the people, some of them He wouldn't work that discernment on, they'd go away saying, "Huh! I didn't get anything. He never told me nothing." That person usually didn't get nothing, either. But some of them come across the line saying, "Thank You, Lord. I believe it." They was the ones I heard from: "You know, Brother Branham, I never felt any difference for several days [maybe two or three weeks or whatmore] , but all at once I began to feel that thing leaving me." and there it went, see. You might say you believe. There is three classes of people that attend the meetings---that's unbelievers, make-believers, and believers. Some of them make out like they believe: "Oh, yes, I believe." But they don't. If you believe it... I want to ask you this question now. If you believe it, it's an impossibility for you not to be healed. Listen. Let me repeat that. It is totally impossible for you not to be healed, if you believe it.

**95** First, the Word of God gives the commission. Do you believe that? The Word of God says so first. That's above everything. The second thing, the angel of the Lord has proved it, the signs has vindicated it. Is that right? Now, not one failure nowhere. Not one failure in the Word of God, that said, "I once give them healing, but now I take it away from them." I want somebody to show me that. I'll show you where Jesus commissioned His church to pray for the sick, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick. Now you tell me where it said it wouldn't happen anymore. You show me in the Bible, see. He said in the last days He would do these certain things, rise up these things. Look what has come to pass. He has kept His Word. Now, I've told you that He commissioned me. Now, the world knows it, science knows it, the angel of the Lord proves it, and results has proved that it's the truth.

```
James 5:14 Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**96** We're living in a sick world. There is lots to be prayed for. I thought surely there is some other way besides... Brother Moore said to me one time... There was a poor little girl crawling up through the building, crippled. Poor little thing, trying to get up to where I was. I looked down. The child started crying. Well, they couldn't bring her in the line, she didn't have a prayer card. Not knowing that was the child's last night, and Brother Moore and them helped her get out of the line. The next day we sat and talked it over. He said, "Brother Branham, that hurt me." I said, "Hurt you? What do you think it done to me?" See, a little crippled girl. That stuck with me. And that's been about ten years ago, a little crippled girl over in Illinois. Little black head, brown eyes, crawling, a little polio trying to get up to where I was at. And the ushers down there had to help her and sit her back in her seat. Crawled out of her seat to get up there. Why? You can only take so many. And I had cut some of them out, put her in there without a prayer card, others would have hurt their feelings, see. That's right, couldn't do it. I said, "Surely there is some other way." Wish I'd have knowed then what I know now. Things would have been different. It sure would have been different.

**97** Now, each one of you, the only thing that will keep you from being healed is you not believing it. Now let's bow our heads. Our heavenly Father, here stands blind, crippled, afflicted, sick, dying with cancer, ulcers, tumors. They're all standing here in the line, Lord. I've preached the Word. And for twelve years You've confirmed that around the world. I've asked forgiveness. And I know that I did not do it willfully; I did it because I thought that I was doing right. Now I come, Lord, come to You humbly, asking You to bless my prayers, that when I pray for these people, every one of them will be healed. Bless their faith. Help our unbelief, Lord. And may every one this morning really catch the vision. May they not lose none of it, but may they see it Scripturally. And think of the angel of the Lord back there at the beginning, said, "As Moses was given two gifts..." And then two years ago, bringing the Bible; with a hand coming down that ... like wrote on the wall at Babylon. A human hand, looked like, that pointed down through the Bible to this same chapter, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with thee." And, Father, here it is this morning, brought to the light. We thank Thee for this, Lord. You forgive me for my wrongs. And now as we go into this prayer meeting, may the power of God heal every sick person that comes through the line. I go just as Your servant, not asking for any special anointing, any special anything, but knowing this, that in my life is that commission. I go to carry it out, in the name of Jesus Christ.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**98** Now, Brother Neville, if you will stand here. Now, with this gift, I am not going to anoint with oil, see. I'm just going to do what He told me to do. As the commission said, "Get the people to believe you, and be sincere." Do you believe? Then I am sincere. Something has to happen! Brother Neville is going to lead in songs. You all pray quietly while I pray for the sick. [Brother Neville begins singing "Only Believe."]

**99** Lord Jesus, I lay hands upon the woman with these kidney stones, and I rebuke them in the name of Jesus Christ. May she go and be healed. Amen. Something happened. What is your trouble? Lord, I lay my hands upon brother, this prostate gland trouble, and I rebuke this power of the devil in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You must have it. Believe. Lord, I lay my hands upon my sister with these bad legs that's swollen up. I rebuke that swelling in the name of Jesus Christ. Go, believe it, sister, and you'll see it. Lord, with heart trouble and other ailments, I lay my hands upon my sister, and rebuke this in Jesus' name, by my commission. Lord, with failing sight and heart trouble, I rebuke it in this woman, by my commission from God, in Jesus' name. Amen. It's just got to be! It's going to be all right. It's all right. Amen. I believe it with all my heart.

**100** [Break in tape.] That's true, if it's your time to go, you got to go some way. That's right. But, first, before He tells you, if you'll be sincere and don't doubt it, you'll get well. That's exactly right. Lazarus was raised from the dead. He died again, but he was raised from the dead, to show that God keeps His offer to people. He said, "Mary, believest thou this? I am the resurrection and life. I am commissioned of God to raise the dead. Do you believe this?" She said, "Yea, Lord. I believe that You are the Son of God that's come into the world." Said, "Where've you buried him?" See? He had to die again. But He raised him to show that He was the resurrection and life. See, God does those things, and everything is in divine order. Oh, I'm so glad to say that! Everything is perfectly in order. If you can believe, everything you ask for is given to you. It's got to be.

```
John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

John 11:27 She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

John 11:34 And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.

```
**101** All right, just continue praying now while we bring them forward. God bless you... Lord Jesus, our sister is very sick, hearing me stand here and preaching these words. May this little sluggishness of doubt just get away from all of them, Lord. May they rise up, leave this old mountain of walking back and forth, go on to Jordan, Lord. Grant it, Lord. May our sister travel this path now, from this hour on, believing that God heals her body. In Jesus' name. Go on your road believing. God bless you. Lord Jesus, give to her the desire of her heart for her daughter and her family. I pray that in Jesus' name she'll receive this, as I offer my prayer and my faith by laying hands on her. If I didn't believe You, I wouldn't lay my hands on her. If I knew You wasn't going to do it, I wouldn't pray for her. But I believe, Lord, and she believes, too, and we are placing our faith together, believing in Jesus' name. Amen.

**102** God bless you, Pat. Lord, for his precious children he wants saved. He's getting hard of hearing. The doctor says cataracts are coming on his eye. He wants to live for God's glory. Grant it to him, Lord, as I ask for this petition for my brother. Amen. God bless you, brother. Don't doubt. Believe that what you've asked for. Lord, this poor little woman standing here for her son. I'd want ... that You'll [unclear words] something, Lord, that's hurting him. He's going for a skin graft. And she prays for his body and his salvation. She prays for her loved ones. She asked for her own nervous condition, Lord. She is just about to break. God, I pray that You will give her the desire of her heart. Heal her of her afflictions, and make her well. In Jesus' name I pray this prayer of faith over her. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go believing it. God bless you.

**103** Lord, for the salvation of her loved ones. I pray that You will grant her request, in Jesus' name. Amen. Believe now, sister, that you received that, and it's yours. If you believe it, it's got to come to pass. For our Brother Edgar Tyler. Bless your heart! Fine, and all the way from Phoenix, Arizona. Is it hot out there? That lady here was healed in my meeting. Where was she from? Are you from Phoenix, lady? You're not from... You was at Phoenix, in the meeting. What do you want Him to do for you, sir? Take asthma from you. God bless you, brother. Dear God, as this precious brother [unclear words] cry out to our [unclear words] and to the cause of the burdens of people. I pray that You will grant him deliverance; coming all the way from Phoenix, Arizona, to be prayed for, to stand in this line, to hear the message, to encourage him. Lord, it seems like a great sacrifice. It is. But the Queen of the south came for three months on the back of a camel through the Sahara desert to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and behold a greater than Solomon is here. The Holy Spirit is here, a greater than Solomon. Lord, I pray that You will heal him of this affliction of his body. Give him the desire of his heart. Let him walk in the path that's ordained for him. May the goodness of God rest upon him. I ask this blessing for my brother in the name of Jesus Christ, Thy Son. Amen. Ed, as you return go with it. It's yours. I give it to you. Go and receive it.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**104** Brother George. Most everyone knows George Wright. How many remembers the story, when he was dying just recently? All the doctors passed by him. His body was swollen up like that, a blood clot to his heart. Several doctors had given him up. I went to pray for him. Brother Funk (he was here a while ago, I believe) was with me down there that night. Sat up on the hill down there, acted like I was going hunting. I want to say to this church now, I got to tell some things that's been going on. A lot of times you think I'm hunting, I'm not hunting. That's an excuse to keep people from following me. I have to go there to be alone with God. I'm not only out hunting, friends. Yes, I am hunting, but not that kind of hunting. I sat up on the hill. Now, to him I was going rabbit hunting. Went right around behind the house, and held my hands over towards the house and prayed and prayed. Dying! The Holy Spirit spoke to me one night, "One of these men comes from a church that don't believe that healing is right." A certain minister came to his house not long ago and tried to withstand me there on a debate. Many of you people here were there that night. See where that man almost lost his mind? And now he is trying to finally get the Holy Ghost. [Brother Wright says, "Where he says I'm the best friend he's got, though."] Think of that.

**105** A man that stood there to debate, and said, "First I want to tell you, you're of the devil." I said, "I forgive you because you don't know what you're talking about." So then he turned around and said, "I know you got the Spirit of Christ." I said, "I was a devil a few minutes ago, and it's a Christ now. Which is it?" So now ... terrible things has happened. This man laying there dying, and this man laughed at him, said, "Now go get your divine healer." And I was up at Lexington, Kentucky, where a woman was healed of cancer. And in a vision the Lord showed me, coming back along that morning about five o'clock, He showed me that ... said, "You will shake the hand of Brother George Wright, coming up through the Tabernacle, and walk up here and shake your hand. And the man that's made fun of him, he will dig his grave." I didn't know it, didn't know he dug graves.

**106** I called up Sister Wright. She is bound to be here somewhere. Yeah. Called up Sister Wright, I said, "I have 'Thus saith the Lord.'" Right. Them is the kind of visions I want to see from now on; [unclear words] I tell somebody something, it comes back. I said, "Brother George will dig the grave of the man, or be at the grave of the man, that's making fun of him. And he will come in the Tabernacle, and I will shake his hand." The blood clot left Brother George. And about a month or two after that I was back. And he always, nearly always, come around this a-way. But that morning he come this a-way. I had audience, said, "Look, look, look, here he comes right here to shake it, just exactly what it was." And here he is today. That's been [Brother Wright says, "nine years"] nine years ago. ["I had nine blood clots that left."] Nine blood clots, nine years ago!

**107** By the way, I hear that Sister Hickerson... Is Brother Hickerson here today? She is better, that's fine. She had blood clots, too, a bunch of them in her leg. Now he's got rheumatism in his hand. That was his daughter, Sister Hattie sitting right there, on which I testified, now, that the new ministry worked the first time. That's right, Sister Hattie. Wonder if the boys are in this morning, are they with you? [Sister Hattie says, "In the back."] Where is the boys at? There is both of them standing right back there at the back. There is the two boys. That's the mother, daughter of our brother. Raise your hands up, boys, so they see who you are. All right, standing back there at the back. It's wonderful, isn't it, Orville? It sure is.

**108** All right. Brother George. [Brother Wright says, "You know, Brother Bill, I believe."] I know you believe. And I know, many times I've laid there in your room, at nighttime, watching out the window, listening at an old mockingbird. Someday we got to go over, Brother George. Until that time, God be with us. I know He will then. "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I'll fear no evil. Thou art with me." In that vision here not long ago, when I seen those old people turned back young again, that's the way I'll see you someday, perfect. Our heavenly Father, give to our brother the desire of his heart. Heal him of this rheumatism. He's getting old, Father, and I pray that You will help him. Help Sister Wright and little Edith, and all the family down there. Sister Hattie and her children, all their loved ones. Be with them, Father. Grant this request, as I ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. [Brother George Wright says, "I'll be seventy-nine."] Seventy-nine. God bless you, Brother Wright, and give you many more days. Praise the Lord.

```
Psalm 23:4 Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.

```
**109** Brother Daulton. My, my! Here is a brother that's been precious to me. I'll tell you what happened. I haven't got time to go through it. His wife knows. Said he was dying. Heart attack, was it, sister? And before, the Lord had give her a dream, and the interpretation came. And when the heart attack struck him, she stood right before it and said, "I defy this!" God had give her a dream that it was going to be that way, and the interpretation come. And the doctor was thinking the man was dying then, and here he is alive today. Lord Jesus, to our precious brother, he drove a long ways to come into this meeting this morning. His hip is bad. Just like an automobile, Lord, parts are beginning to wear, go down, but, O Lord, be his strength. Thou art our strength. Undergird this crippled place in his hip. Undergird every weak spot, Lord. And give to our precious brother his healing, as I bless him in the name of Jesus Christ, Your Son. Amen. God bless you, Brother Daulton. So shall it be.

**110** All right, sister, what can the Lord do for you? [The sister speaks to Brother Branham.] Why, Sister Daugherty! Is this Betty? ["That's me."] Why, Betty, bless your heart! Who in this Tabernacle don't know Betty Daugherty! The first time my old ministry ever worked was on this child. How many remembers about the cloth? Betty had St. Vitus' dance. And she was in such a state that she didn't even act like a human. No doctor could do nothing for her. And I went to St. Louis. This church made up the money, and I borrowed somebody's overcoat, and they made eleven dollars up for me, to go over and pray for this little girl. She was just a little girl, about like this little girl sitting right here, little baby girl. And I stayed (Is Brother Daugherty here? He isn't.) and prayed and prayed and prayed. I couldn't get nowhere. And finally, sitting out in Brother Daugherty's car, I saw a vision on what for them to do. And she followed the vision just exactly the way the Lord said do. I believe it was a little bit against their thoughts at that time. But she done it just exactly the way the Lord said do it, and Betty was healed. The first time I saw her, how... Said, "Grab ... one Daugherty at one end of the bed and Brother Daugherty at the other, and let her take a rag and wash the baby's face and hands, and so forth," as I went down through the prayer, "Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name."

```
Matthew 6:9 After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.

Luke 11:2 And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.

```
**111** And Betty now has been stricken with cataracts. I got to pray for her just a short time ago, at the back of the building at Chatauqua. Betty, honey, let's go over this real close now. I want to hold your hand. Are you blind all the way, Betty? ["No."] You can just see daylight and darkening. ["That's right."] How old are you now, Betty? ["Twenty-two."] Twenty-two. She was about seven or eight then. Sister Daugherty, you've had a hard pull, haven't you? You know, Betty, I have always believed that God had something for you to do. And I believe that's why it's been this a-way with you. And now I believe that the enemy has did this evil thing. Now, you know, Betty, this. If I had power to reach in there and take those cataracts and pull them out, I would do it. ["Yes."] I don't have it. But, Betty, what I told you the first time, that's the truth, as I sit here, and you and I, as brother and sister in Christ. Brother Daugherty, your precious daddy, just as sweet a brother as I ever had. Your dear mother here. I've lived in your house, and you've shared your food with me, and everything. You've been like that you was actually my sister, and I could be no more sincere than I would be with Dolores sitting back there.

**112** Now, God promised this, Betty. I want to give all... Your father, being a minister, you've been raised up in a family that prays for the sick. [Unclear words.] You've been prayed for many times. It's got to a place where sometimes you just go over it, and back and forth, and we kind of lose the value of it. You see what I mean? My, you've made a fine, pretty girl, Betty. It's a shame to see your eyes gone like that. Is Meda still in the building? My wife wanted to see you. I want her to see you, Betty, what a pretty girl she made. Betty, you was a pretty little girl. You've always been a good girl. Now, is there a few things down in life that you failed, Betty? Now, just as a doctor would look over your physical body, I want to look to the soul. Have you failed God anywhere, Betty? If there is, just acknowledge it to Him: "Lord, if You'll let me go over it again, I'll do different."

**113** [Betty Daugherty speaks to Brother Branham.] My, this is a strange thing. Let's think it this a-way. Now, I did not know that Betty Daugherty was going to be in this meeting. But the first one on my other discernment was Betty Daugherty. Here it is back again, at the first meeting on this. She knew right then what I was speaking of. I don't want to start that discernment again, because in the line... But she said what she ought to have said just now. She was filled with the Holy Ghost out at St. Louis. As a teen-age girl, kids, maybe she has done things she ought not done. But who hasn't? Who hasn't? If it isn't grace, we're all lost. And if you are willing to confess your wrong, God is just to forgive your wrong.

**114** I'm raising my faith now. Lord, I bring this girl to You. And I'm putting my hands over her eyes. I'm rebuking these cataracts, and believe that they will see again. Let the power of the living God, the divine One, give Betty her sight again, as I offer this prayer while faith is upon me. In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. May I shake hands with my sister again somewhere, today, tomorrow, or whenever it will be again, and them bright eyes look at me and say, "Brother Branham, I can [unclear words] see as good as I ever did..." [Unclear words.] Do you believe that, Sister Daugherty? Then it will be that way! Lord, in the name of Jesus, the Son of God, give to our sister the desire of her heart, as she stands ready to hear from You. Let the power that healed Betty Daugherty the first time, and this also the second time, let it heal our sister, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**115** Brother... [The brother speaks to Brother Branham] Our brother wants to be saved. Do you accept Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour? Do you believe that He died for you, and rose again? Do you now claim Him as your personal Saviour? In the name of Jesus Christ, let every sin question be gone from this man's conscience. May our brother [unclear words] , from now on, his life is now a Christian, in the name of Jesus Christ. Turn to this audience and say, "I accept Jesus as my Saviour." Now that he's so glad his sins are forgiven by the blood of Jesus Christ! That's what we like, amen, a double cure, by His stripes. [Break in tape.] Lord, give this woman the assurance of her salvation. [unclear words] . In Jesus Christ's name you have to believe it. Go believing now. Don't doubt.

**116** And that I accomplished more this morning---by the message that I've had and the things as I have known, I've followed the commission---more than I've accomplished in the last five years, because I have found the center of God's will. Now, it may be a hard thing for me to change from one ministry to another. But, it isn't changing the ministry, it's taking the same ministry in a higher sphere. It's the original commission. All these other things have been building upon that. Now is the time. With all my heart, I am believing for every person that I've prayed for. I believe they are going to be well. And with all the evidence that we have, everything that God has showed, year after year, of infallible proof, of the Bible living again, then how could it fail? It just can't fail.

**117** Now, there is only one way to make it fail, that is for you not to believe it. If Jesus stood here Himself, and would pray for you, and go through the same act that we have done this morning, no more would happen if you would believe with the measure of faith. No more could happen than what will happen if you believe with the same measure of faith. Because, I only represent Him. I am a sinner saved by grace, just a man like you are, just a human being. But God has to have an outlet somewhere. And He has proved that by His Word. He's proved it by the ministry. He's proved it by the angel of the Lord, and here it is. Now it's up to us to believe it. Now remember, just like a child. If there has been an affliction, see it no more. If there has been a disease, it's not there no more. Just ignore any symptom, anything that's contrary to what's been asked. Many times... Every child that comes to God, has got to be tried. We are tried, to see if we believe that or not. And you'll have wars and troubles, but remember we are on our march.

**118** God bless you. I love you. And by God's help, I hope He lets me serve you as His servant for many, many years to come, is my prayer. Pray for me. And now remember tonight: "The Five Infallible Vindications of the True Church of the Living God." Until then, let us stand up to our feet, just a moment. Oh, is there a baptismal service? [Brother Neville says, "I believe there is."] Oh, a baptismal service---the people for baptism, are you here? Raise up your hand, anybody for baptism. One, two, three... Yes. I am very, very sorry, friends. Now to those who have to go, I will dismiss them. The rest of them stay for baptism, that wants to. We'll have the baptismal service, just in a moment.

**119** Father God, dismiss those who have to go, with Your blessings, Your benediction, Your grace rest upon them, thanking You for all that's been accomplished this morning, as we are pulling away from the mountain, starting upward. Lord, may we walk up through every ladder realm, until we reach the kingdom of God. Grant it, Lord. Be with us now. Forgive our sins, those who stay now to be baptized for the remission of their sins, in the name of Jesus Christ. And may these things be granted. Gather us together again tonight. May Thy power and Thy blessings be upon us tonight. May there be a great night tonight. May many that's confused be straightened out tonight. Grant it, Father, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. All right, you may be seated now if you wish to, while we make ready for the baptismal.
