---
Date: 1960-11-13
Title: Condemnation by Representation
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 1 minute
Author: William Branham
---

# Condemnation by Representation



**1** So nice to be in the church again this morning and to have this time of fellowship around these great articles of God. And now, we are never in a hurry here around the Tabernacle, you know. We kind of take our time, and sometimes it gets a little tiresome for those who are standing up, and as they can, or possibly can, move out at times and give somebody...

**2** The children would want to come up a little closer here, I think we can accommodate a few more; and here's two extra seats, three, about four up here on the platform, if anybody in the back would want to come up here and be comfortable. Or if somebody's a little backward, being their first time in the church, then some of the elders would come up here and sit down. We'd be glad to have them up here so it would give somebody else a seat. Some of the deacons or some minister or so forth that would come up here, it might be an opportunity to give someone else a seat that's standing. And some of the people are still coming around trying to get in the lot in the back. When they see the aisles blocked up, then they go away and they miss...

**3** Now, here's an extra seat up here in front, I believe. Is that right, young lady? Right here's a seat, right here in the front---right here. And I see Brother Wood is getting up, and there's two more right up here. Just keep moving right on up this way. Two more right up here in the front. If anyone wants to come forward, there's one, two, three, three seats open here, possible four, at the platform. And if you'll come up, well, then that will open up some seats from the back, because many times the people come in after the service has started. They'll look around at the back door and then go back out again, and they miss the services. Here's one over here, one right in the center. One, two, three, four, five, that makes five seats empty now, up here in the front. You come right on up; just make yourself feel welcome and at home. The Lord bless you, Brother George. Glad to see you again this morning. While they're... That's mighty fine, sister. Now you ... the little lady, if she... There's one right back over there for her. Right there, sweetheart. Go right back there to where that man is standing at the ... right there. That's fine. Everybody seated comfortably, then they feel better. They feel like that you can... I know it isn't too comfortable in here, but we want you to be as near that as we can make for you.

**4** Now, we are looking forward to the oncoming meeting; anticipating great blessings in the future---this coming meeting of prophecy. Now this morning I told the folks I was going to pray for the sick. And this will be the last opportunity I'll have now of praying for the sick in the church until after the meeting. During the time of the meeting, we want to keep it on the prophetic line, if we possibly can. Then, after that, I think maybe ... maybe before Christmas, I would like to maybe have another little couple nights meeting on Daniel, here at the church; because maybe, the first of the year, I'll be leaving again, and I know we don't have too much time left. So, now if anyone is coming and wants to get reservations at motels and so forth, we have that set up now, so we can get reservations.

**5** And Mr. Morris, which was healed of cancer of the throat (he was an acrobat, married into Dr. Adaire's family, my friend here in the city)... They'd operated on him for cancer of the throat, and he was dying. And the Lord led me down to his house, six, seven, years ago, where he was laying at his sister's place, dying with cancer of the throat. And I come in on him up here at the barber shop the other day, testifying; said, "I couldn't even swallow." And said, "In five minutes after I was prayed for I ate my dinner." And said, "It has never had a trace of it since." He runs the Wayfarer Motel. And he said, "Billy, I hear you've got a meeting coming up, and any of your people that will call in here, I'll give them the cheapest rates." He's got a new motel here, and give them family rates and so forth. I took his cards, and they're at the office, and so forth, and we can contact and get other places after that reservations has run out; where we can get the best of prices, the best accommodations to suit what your friends think is best.

**6** Many of you, of course, will probably have some of them in your own home. And that's mighty nice, if you can take care of someone. It's more comfortable-like at home, you know, when you can have Christians and fellowship. Then you can kind of go run over the Scriptures together. I want you to each one bring your book, bring your pencil, because we're going to give times, dates, scriptures on the "Seven Church Ages." The church ages---seven last church ages and how they're heaping up. It's a prophetic message. After that ... first I'll preach it, then it goes onto tape (magnetic tape), from that to records, and then to be taken off by shorthand, and then typed into book. And the book is going to be a commentary on the seven church ages. And if I didn't think that it was essential, and if I didn't think it was badly needed, I certainly wouldn't take the people's time of saying it; but I believe that it may be the last time that we'll ever receive it, from this church especially. So now, let's be real prayerfully about it, real prayerfully.

**7** Now next week I've got to go to Louisiana, you know, for the meeting down there. I'll be at Shreveport, Louisiana from the twenty-fourth through the twenty-seventh---at Shreveport, Louisiana, with Brother Moore. And that's just a regular evangelistic service. And then I get back here on the twenty-ninth or the thirtieth, and on the fourth of December we begin here. Now, there'll be a morning message. And now, if I cannot at the nighttime get that church age to where I think it should be, that the people thoroughly understands it, then I'll go right over in the next morning or the next afternoon, finish it up here at the Tabernacle, and then go back to the church age that following night---because I want to be sure that it's all gotten, see, because it's essential.

**8** We know that we're living in a very strange time. And we know that by the way that things are heaping up. Now in this, and what I say from the Tabernacle (if there be strangers here), the reason I bring these messages and so forth at the Tabernacle and not out in the field of evangelism is because this is our home base here. And here I feel that I can preach doctrine the way that I see it, the way I believe it. Now, that doesn't conflict with anybody's religion, see? Whatever they want to believe, that's all right. And now, there's many times... You know, if we'd all go this morning and get fingerprints, there's none of us here that would have our thumbs look alike. They claim there's no two noses look alike. (I guess you all are glad it doesn't look like mine.) But there's no two people exactly alike. So ... two things... So remember... But we'll all admit and agree that we love the Lord Jesus, upon those basis.

**9** I said, "If a Roman Catholic, if he is depending on the Catholic church (which is their fundamental doctrine) ... but if he believes that that Catholic church is going to save him, he's lost; but if he's got faith in Jesus Christ, God's Son, and depending on Him for salvation, he's saved." If a Methodist, or a Pentecostal, or a Baptist---if they're depending on their church or organization to save them, they're lost; but if they're depending on Jesus Christ and accepted Him ... because it's your own personal faith in Christ Jesus that saves us. Whether you are Baptist, Pentecostal, Lutheran, Catholic, Jew or whatmore, it's your personal faith in Jesus Christ.

**10** This is magnetic tape, too. It's going right now. So, I'm sure that everybody clearly understands that. But when a person is preaching a doctrine, then you've got to stay with your own belief. If you don't, then you're a hypocrite. If you say something because someone else says it, and in your heart you don't believe that, then you're a hypocrite because you're saying something that you don't believe. I'd rather be criticized a little upon things that I do believe than to be a hypocrite in the sight of God---trying to compromise with someone else.

**11** And now on these meetings here, you may disagree with some of these things tremendously, but don't fall out with me, because I love you---and that's right. Now, I think I make it clear, that I believe each one of you---if you're a Catholic, Protestant, or Jewish, or whatever you are---if you are depending on and have accepted Christ as your personal Saviour, you are saved; for it's by faith are we saved, that by grace. And so our churches, our affiliation of churches, won't mean much. But I think in this, if you'll come and not be prejudiced, that you'll find out that that very church denomination is what's got us all tore up the way we are now. That's what has brought the trouble. And if we had just leave it the way it was.

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**12** Now, I'm putting off something here. I want to make a quotation. And I'm sure that you here at the Tabernacle, my friends, know that I don't say this to say, "See, I told you." I don't mean that. I hope I never get to a place that I make myself before people as a know-it-all. If I ever get like that, please, somebody, come and correct me and straighten me out and say, "Here, wait a minute," see. I don't want to be like that. But when God says anything, and it proves to be the truth, I like that to be known; because it wasn't I that said it, it was He that said it.

**13** Now, I was... And as I said last Sunday, I believe it was here, I've been in this pulpit for twenty-eight years, and never one time did I ever mention politics, on no way at all, until last Sunday. And I told you people just to pray before you went to the polls and vote. I went down to Brother Wright's the other day, and I guess he's one of the oldest---he and Brother Roy Slaughter and a few of those that have known me all these years---and Brother Wright never knew how I voted. He never knew whether I was Democrat or Republican, and that's a second home to me. [Brother Wright says, "We've rode together, prayed together, everywhere, and you never asked me about my vote, nor I never did ask you."] It's so insignificant, that's the reason, Brother Wright. [Someone else said, "I could say the same thing."] Thank you. I never... No one knowed how I voted; because both parties ... neither one can brag.

**14** But last week, the reason I was expressing the way I did, there was more than politics included. I'd like to read you a prophecy that was given. I've got on ... and by the way, Mr. Mercier and many of them are going to take some of these old prophecies and ... dig them out and revise them a little ... or, bring them up to date and put them in papers. I'd like to read some things that I'd like for you to uh... (This one first.) I'd like to read something to you: "1932 (listen to this) as I was on my way ... or, as I was getting ready to go on my way to church this morning, it came to pass that I fell into a vision. Our services are being held on Meigs Avenue at the old orphans' home, where Charlie Kern lives in part of the building. (He lives just across the street now.) "And it came to pass that while I was in this vision, I seen some dreadful things take place. I speak this in the name of the Lord: The president which now is, President Franklin D. Roosevelt (now remember, this is twenty-eight years ago), will cause the whole world to go to war. And the new dictator of Italy, Mussolini, shall make his first invasion toward Ethiopia, and he will take Ethiopia; but that'll be his last. He shall come to his end.

**15** "We will be in war with Germany. Watch Russia! (Now that's...) Communism, Nazism, and Fascism. Watch Russia! But that is not the main one to watch. "It shall also ... has been an evil thing done in this country: they have permitted women to vote. This is a woman's nation, and she will pollute this nation as Eve did Eden. (Now, you see why I'm hammering the way I do? I've got 'Thus saith the Lord.') In her voting she will elect the wrong person. The Americans will take a great beating at a place that Germany will build, which will be a great wall built of concrete (the Maginot Line, eleven years before it was ever built), but finally they will be victors. "Then when these women help elect the wrong person, then I seen a great woman rise up in the United States---well-dressed and beautiful, but cruel in heart. She will either guide or lead this nation to ruination. (Now, I've got in parenthesis: 'Perhaps Catholic church.') "Also, science will progress, especially in the mechanical world. Automobiles will continue to get like egg-shape. Finally they will build one that won't need a steering wheel." They've got it now. "It will be controlled by some other power. "Then I seen the United States as one smoldering, burnt-over place. It will be near the end. (Then I've got in parenthesis 'I predict that this will take place.' Now remember, that's what the Lord showed, but... 'I predict this will take place before 1977. Upon this prediction, I base, because of the onrushing slaught that's coming now' how fast that it was moving, how long it'll take till this nation meets its place.)"

**16** Now, look what happened now. President Franklin D. Roosevelt took America to England's tea party. That's right. Germany never picked on us; we picked on them. Throwed the whole world into a war; to cause a world war. The Germans built the Maginot Line, which there ... any veteran here knows what you took there at the Maginot Line. Women, given the right to vote, elected President-elect Kennedy ---the woman's vote. The wrong man, which will finally be to full control of the Catholic church in the United States; then the bomb comes that explodes her. There's seven things predicted, and five of them have already happened. So, you can judge yourself how far away we are. We're near the end. If them five things happened, these other two things are bound to happen. It's just got to happen.

**17** I do not think that Mr. Kennedy will have much effect now, because he'll make a wonderful president in order to bring in the others to get a scene set just like they have in England, like they did in Mexico, like they did everywhere else, like that. And the American people, so unstable, not spiritually ... they're smart, but too smart for their own good. Intelligence swings backward sometimes and backfires. So, they ... (I'm preaching on that this morning, in a little bit.) So, we find out we're right on the verge... The reason I said this, that's the reason I pressed that the other day so hard the way I did, but it was that that did it. That's right. Women's vote that put... Did you notice the rallies on the television? Nixon to be pretty near all men. All of them wanted to kiss Kennedy (the women), jumping straddle the cars and everything like that, jumping up and down.

**18** Now, let me bring something else... I haven't got it written here, but on magnetic tape (and this is taped, too). In 1956 in Chicago, Illinois, standing at the Lane Tech High School [Someone says, "We were there."] , they were there, I said, "This year is going to be the changing point of America." I'd just come from overseas---don't know why I come. Come back; canceled my meetings in Africa and around, come back. Billy Graham---something mysterious, he canceled his. Tommy Osborn canceled his. And we all crossing the United States, in meetings. I said, "America will either receive or reject Christ this year." Then I said, when they elected in Indiana a twenty-two year old boy to be judge, the Spirit of the Lord came on me and I said, "They will finally have a president that'll be one of these crew-cut, play-boy, beatnik-type presidents---a ladies' man." Now, them's predictions years ago. See where we're at? It's later than we think.

**19** So, I think of these messages on these seven church ages is timely. Let's be in prayer and study. Now, if you disagree and say, "I think Brother Branham is wrong," you've got a right to do that; but before we do it, before you do, let's search what the Lord has said with the Scriptures. See if ... and then the prophecies, what was given, that would come to pass ... and look to see whether they come to pass or not. Now, it's on tape and so forth. You know it was spoken years ago, and here it is now coming to pass. Mussolini went down to Ethiopia, didn't he? Those poor colored people down there with scythes, blades, and sticks to fight with, and him with modern machinery; he just slaughtered them down. Come back blowing about it, but he met his doom. That's correct.

**20** And the Americans ... and the Germans built the Maginot Line, and the Americans taken a hard beating there, but finally overcome. Exactly right. You veteran brethren know that and you all, at the D-Day and so forth, and when they went in. Now. And you find out then that women given the rights to vote, and they elected a president that they should not have elected. See? That's that fall. And the face of that, now, we're coming up to this next meeting coming up. And be prayerful, and pray hard now that God will bless us and will open our understandings that we might know the hour that we're living.

**21** Let us bow our heads now for a word of prayer. Our gracious Lord, as in one way I feel shaky to know that this world is at the end time. I would not know what nation to flee to. There is no more refuge, only looking up. For it is told us, when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, for our redemption is drawing near. O God, I pray for the sinful world today, in its condition, to see how everything is going on. I pray that somehow, Lord, that You'll speak to every heart, every minister, that he might be a burning flame in these last days, to call to repentance and back again to the faith the church of the living God. As we know, we're living in that Laodicean church age, where that they'll be lukewarm. I pray, Father, that You'll let us hold tight to that what we have---Christ---looking for that day of His appearing.

```
Luke 21:28 And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.

```
**22** Forgive us of our sins, as we have forgive those who have sinned against us. And we know now, Lord, that we see the outside world ... knowing that it had to come to pass; there's no way of stopping it. Though we speak against it and give a voice against it, yet we know in our hearts, according to Thy Word, it's going to be anyhow. For Thou has said so. But in that day of the judgment, when God's great magnetic tape will be played, we want our voice against wrong and for right. Encourage us today, Lord, by Thy presence. Bless all these ministers that's here and all the laity of the church; all the born again across the world, the great fire brands that You've got on radio and out in the other parts of the world, preaching the gospel---missionaries going hungry, husbands and wives under deep persecution, still standing at the post of duty. God, bless them today. And in the little Tabernacle, give us of Thy blessings, Lord. Anoint us. Bless those who sang this morning the wonderful songs of Zion that we cherished in our hearts through the years, knowing someday we'll stand and sing those songs in the presence of the Lamb. Bless the Word today, and anoint the message, Lord; for we ask it in Jesus' name and for His sake. Amen.

**23** I want to call your attention this morning to some Scripture found in the book of Genesis. And now, I'll try to hurry right through on this message, the Lord willing, because we want to pray for the sick and have baptismal service. I want you to turn to the first book of the Bible, the first chapter of the book. Genesis, the first chapter. Let's start reading from the ninth verse: And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, and herbs yielding seeds, and ... fruit trees yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. And the earth brought forth grass, and herbs yielding seed after his kind, and the trees yielded fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good. Now, I want to take a text upon the subject of "Condemnation by Representation." And may the Lord add His blessings to His Word.

```
Genesis 1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

Genesis 1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

Genesis 1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

```
**24** Two or three weeks ago I was crossing the western states, and I was looking along, as driving by myself, going to meet the Christian businessmen up in Idaho. I was amazed as I watched the billboards, the advertisements. You can almost look around and see what is on people's minds and what is on their hearts. As I've often said, "Let me go into a person's house, and let's see what kind of music they listen to, let me see what kind of books they read, and what kind of songs they sing, what kind of pictures they have in their house; I can just about tell you what the nature of that person is. It's because no matter what they testify contrary, the fruits prove what it is." And I notice that we are a great scientific nation, scientific world. And I noticed on the billboards, especially in the western Corn Belt and so forth, it was a picture of a man holding an ear of corn, shelling off the corn, saying, "Man, what corn this is!" And it was a noted hybrid corn.

**25** Somehow, while thinking on that, riding along by myself... And you can't keep your radio on no more because (especially in localities where there's just every station this old boogie-woogie music and all that stuff), you know, the rock and roll. And you just don't have ... unless you just happen to turn in at the hour to get the news and weather, then you have to turn it off again. So, I believe maybe the Lord was helping me, and I wrote on the back of my road map, "hybrid," because something struck me when I looked at it. Such fine great big grains of corn! I thought, "That's so much different than the corn we used to raise." Everything becomes a hybrid. But did you know that it's no good? It has no life in it. It cannot reproduce itself again. You can't plant hybrid corn. If you do, you've got just a little dwarf field, because it's been hybrid.

**26** Then I got up into the mountain, and one of the guides that was with me, he was a chicken raiser. And he ... raising chickens, then he just guided up in the mountains for the pastime. Very fine man. When he learned that I was a preacher, why, quickly he began to speak to me on hybrid chickens. Then, when he did that, that brought back my little text wrote down on my road map, "hybrid." Well, while laying in our camp bags in the snow, up in the mountain, I said to him, "I would like to learn more about such chickens. "Well," he said, "science has really done a great thing. They have bred chickens with different things until they got to a place till it's barely no legs on the chickens or no wings on the chickens. It's just all breast. But," he said, "the bad part comes now that people don't want it because it's too soft a meat. And the chicken only lives one year, and it dies. It's almost dead to start with." You see, it's "hybreeding." It's not right---no good.

**27** Most people now who wants to have a delicious chicken dinner goes out in the country and buys himself a chicken that's got feet that can scratch and wings that can fly; and it's a chicken---the way that God made it. But it's the hybreeding of the chicken has brought it to just breast, and it topples around and has to keep it on screen. They can't put it out; it can't scratch. It can't make its living. And the meat is so bad that they can't use it. And if the chicken is made a laying chicken, its eggs will not hatch. And then another thing, the chicken lays itself to death in a year. It only lives a year. And I thought, "Well now that's some chicken!" Hybreeding---tearing up what God has made.

**28** Then we had a string of mules that we packed with, and I noticed that the mule is hybrid also. Don't never lay it on God of making a mule. God never had anything to do with that. No, that was man. The mule don't know where he belongs. He can't reproduce himself again. He's a hybrid. See, he don't know who his father was nor his mother was, and he can't reproduce again. He's just a mule, and he's on the skid road to death. And no matter how much he tries to bring forth his kind, he can't do it.

**29** That's all contrary to God's Word! God said here in Genesis 1:11, "Let every seed bring of its kind, for the life is in itself. Let every seed bring of its kind." But man is trying to show that he is smarter than his Creator. He wants to prove that he knows more about this thing than God does. So therefore he's constantly, through science, trying to show God that he knows more about it than He does. And God just lets him go on through his scientific research. And in doing so, he kills himself. God lets his own ignorance kill himself. My mother back there used to say, "Give the cow enough rope, it hangs itself." Well, that's true. And you just let... God just let man go on and hang himself with his own foolishness. You'll never be smarter than God. God knows what's right. But man through hybreeding are trying to produce a better product than what God created.

```
Genesis 1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

```
**30** Now, God, when He created His church, He created a Pentecostal church. That was the original! A Pentecostal church filled with the Holy Ghost---men and women led by the Spirit of God. Men couldn't leave that alone. He wanted to hybreed the church. So he bred in the world with it---theology, doctrines, denominations. Oh sure, it makes a prettier church. My, yes! How much different it is from the original church. Oh, we've got big buildings, educated preachers, the better class of the people, the "up and up," better dressed; putting their names in it and their money in it to keep it "up and up"; sending their ministers to seminaries to polish up their scholarships and theology---all the time taking them farther away from God!

**31** That wasn't God's plan in the beginning. He never sent one of them to any seminary. He sent them to an upper room to wait there until the Holy Ghost came upon them to be ordained ministers of the Lord. But hybreeding, bringing the church to theology. Instead of letting the Holy Spirit lead it, they bred in bishops, general overseers; when the Holy Spirit is God's original leader of the church. But they hybred the church like they did the chicken, like they did the mule, like they did everything else. Hybreeding it, making it different, breeding in the world, the things of the world: basketball games, and soup suppers, and bunco games, and all kinds of things of the world! It's true it's prettier. It's a bigger building, a polished class of people. Their singing may be more orderly in the notes and so forth than the old-fashioned Pentecostal with the tambourine and a guitar, but it hasn't got the seed! It hasn't got the ring to it! They explain away all of it. "This is better than that was." Like they try by hybrid corn. "It's better than the old was." It wasn't better! The life in it wasn't better. The outside might have looked better, but the life wasn't right; and we're talking about life.

```
Luke 24:49 And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.

```
**32** The life isn't right in hybreeding. God wants it in a way that He made it at the beginning. So the church has been hybred. Now, it comes to a place to where that the church is more like a lodge than it is like a Pentecostal blessing. The scholars are more educators than they are preachers. They are more of a place of getting great scholarships. "Our pastor has a Doctor's degree," or something like that, a theology; and they cannot breed themselves back. As beautiful as it is, they cannot come back to theirself. They cannot cross themselves. Try to cross a Methodist with a Baptist and see what you've got. You've got a worse renegade than you had in the first place. That's right. You've got a dwarf. That's right. You plant hybrid corn, it'll come up about like that and turn yellow. There's no life in it! That's the reason it can't produce. And that's what's the matter with the church today. It hasn't got any life in it! It's got a lot of show, and a better class of people, they call it (bigger grains), finer buildings, more scholared preachers; but no life in there to reproduce newborn babes!

**33** It can't cross itself back. When the grain was first planted, the second place they came in then hybreded it. And the first thing you know, it can't never come back. I ask any scholar to go with me through history. Any church that ever left its original foundation has never been able to come up again. When God sent Luther, and he had a revival, he swept the world; but he organized it and hybred it with the world, like the Catholic church. And when he did, what did he do? He produced a bunch of renegades, hybrid; and he never has rose and never will rise. Along came John Wesley, and done the same thing---with the revival. As soon as him and Asbury and the old founders died, they organized it and made the Wesleyan Methodist church. And they've never raised, and they never will raise no more.

**34** The Anglican church, the same thing off of Calvin. When they had a revival it was fine. Brother Simpson, packing it in his pocket now, from Canada, the Anglican church, now, they've gone in (the ministers and all of them) to drinking. They mix their beer and gin and stuff together right at the church---have parties and drink. What is it? It can never go back to its original again because its hybred with the world! It's lost! Now, we talk about the Anglican, the Methodist, and the Baptist, but the Pentecostal's the same.

**35** A few years ago we had a Pentecostal church that was on fire. But what did they do? They hybred it---denominated it!---brought it back into the world. Now what have you got? Just exactly like God did with the mule; it's on its devil's skid row. It'll never return. It's finished! Denominated, and broke down. And now they've got finer churches. Oh, the Pentecostal people used to be in a little mission on the alley corner; used to be kicked about from pillar to post and throwed in jail half the time for shouting all night. Oh, they'd sure have a hard time finding one now. What happened? They interbred it. They made it like the Baptist; like the Baptist made like the Methodist; the Methodist made like Luther; Luther made like the Catholic. What have you got? A hybrid bunch of wild donkeys. That's right.

**36** The ignorantest thing I know of is a mule. He has no personal feelings at all. He'll hum around you until the last hour of his death to get to kill you. He don't know nothing but "gee" and "haw." He has no sentimental feeling. He don't know who his papa was, who his mama was, and where he's going, or where he came from. That's about like a lot of people today. It's about the same. Did you ever see a mule? You can talk to him, and he'll just stand there with them ears out, look; that big long face, and them ears sticking out. That's the way a lot of these donkeys do. That's right. Just stand and look at you and bray, "Days of miracles is past. That divine healing and speaking in tongues and the Holy Ghost; there's no such a thing." That's right---mule religion. That's right---hybrid! That's all he knows! He can never know nothing else! Let him alone. Let's go on with God.

**37** Hybrid; just a mule. Don't know where he come from. He isn't pedigreed, he can't be pedigreed. But a horse is different. Yes, sir. You take a fine stocked pedigreed horse, he's just as gentle and nice, likes to get out there and prance around, you know. Comes back, lays his head over your shoulders, and nickers and carries on; he's a fine animal. He's faithful, stand with you! Why? He knows he's got papers to show that he's pedigreed. Amen! He's got it wrote out that he's pedigreed. His blood is pure. That's the way it is with a born-again saint of God. You can tell him, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever"; he'll holler, "Amen." Why? He's pedigreed! His experience is wrote in the Bible! He's born of the blood of Jesus Christ, and he's a pedigreed Christian. Glory! No interbreeding there. He's genuine! Gentle, meek; you can teach him something.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**38** He tries to obey. You can take him out in the shows and almost make him to be like a human being. He'll bow, prance, jump. You never seen a mule doing that. You don't see no mules in the show acting like that, because he hasn't got the quality to start with. That's the reason a born-again Christian can accept divine healing, a born-again Christian can accept the Holy Ghost, because there's something in him---something down in him to make him believe. The Spirit of God in there verifying the Word of God, that he is pedigreed. Yes. But mules don't do so; they can't. There's nothing in them to make them do it by.

**39** Now, on this "hybreeding." You know, Eve was the mother of hybreeding. She misbred the human race. You know, after she had did this evil thing and ... (I know this is on tape so we'll make it baby-form for them, if they want to.) But when she had this affair with the serpent, which was not a serpent, or reptile... The Bible said he was the most subtle of all the beasts of the field. Science trying to find now the bones of some creature between a monkey and a man, and applying it to colored race and so forth like that. They're as ignorant as they can come. The serpent was a man! The blood of an animal won't mix with the blood of a human. No, sir. But this species was so close between there till he did mix, and Satan knew that. A great giant of a fellow.

```
Genesis 3:1 Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?

```
**40** Isn't it strange that they found great giants in the land after this? I wish Josephus, the writer, would have thought of that. Where did those giants come from? The seed of the serpent. The Bible said that He would cause "the seed of the serpent [the seed of the serpent---the serpent had a seed] , and the seed of the woman..." But we better leave them alone. They don't believe it, so we'll just take them on their baby-form. But when she did that, she polluted the whole thing.

```
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

Genesis 6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.

```
**41** Now, don't get it to that ridiculous thing, please, of an apple tree. As I've often said, "If eating apples caused women to realize they were naked, they had better pass the apples again, because it's time." I don't say that to be rude, but I'm saying it to make a point, that it's the truth! It wasn't apples. Let's not get that ridiculous about it. It was no apple tree. But let's take it on another tree so we can bring it out and fulfill our text. Let's take it a tree of faith; that Eve taken of this forbidden tree of unbelief. Then we can make the text come out. It was faith. She disbelieved God's Word. God said a certain, certain thing will happen. She ought to have let it alone! She ought to have believed it the way God said it. But, no. Satan came along with his theology; and she mixed it, and gave it to Adam. And it caused a hybrid faith! That's what the church has got today (so-called church)--- a hybrid faith. It's mixed with fears, doubts, frustrations. If it were genuine faith, it wouldn't move. When God says anything, it would be that way. But see, she mixed it---took what God said and what Satan said, churned it together, and said, "Here it is."

**42** That's the way many people do today. See, they take what the Bible says and what man says---makes a hybrid faith. And when they do, they bring it back... Oh, it makes a beautiful church. Sure, but there's no life in it---dead! A hybrid faith: "Oh, I do believe that God was, yes; but now He's not a healer today." That's hybrid faith. "I believe that He gave the Holy Ghost to the Pentecostals back yonder on the day of Pentecost, but that's not for us today." A hybrid faith, condemned by God! Hybrid, no good. Stay away from it! It's evil. It brings in doubts. "Maybe I'll go up and get healed. Maybe the Lord will heal me." That's hybrid faith. It's no good. That's church faith. We want God's faith! God said something, and that's the truth; stay with it. Amen! Oh, I wish my words were wrote with an iron pen. Stay with what God said; it's the truth.

**43** Hybrid faith, it'll read, "Hebrews 13, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever"; and then the hybrid faith comes in, "Well, in a certain way He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. But He can't heal today, because that's out of His program." But genuine faith will say, "He IS the same!" It's not hybrid. It's not all churched up with theology of men. Not mule religion, man's word and God's Word mixed together.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**44** Like the perverted vine. Jesus said "It wasn't so at the beginning." And it isn't so at the beginning; God wanted every seed to bring its kind. And we hybrid anything, we ruin God's program! You take a flower. The original flower, a violet, is blue ... or, white. Leave it alone and it'll go back to white. You have to keep breeding it up all the time. God makes things different. He likes it different. And hybreeding is such a dangerous and damnable thing till it ruins God's plan! It ruins the human race. God even said, in Deuteronomy, that a bastard child would not even be permitted into the generation, into the congregation of the Lord, for ten generations. That's how bad adultery is---ten generations. Ten times forty; four hundred years. Before a hybrid...

```
Genesis 1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

Deuteronomy 23:2 A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD.

Matthew 19:8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.

```
**45** A woman that's married to a man, or a man married to a woman that will cross the lines of holy wedlock, and bring in an illegitimate child, the generations will not come into the kingdom of the Lord until ten generations. Deuteronomy 23:2. All right. It won't come in, an illegitimate child---he, or his generation, or his generation, or his generation... Even though they're trying like Esau, weeping to find a place, it takes ten generations. Forty years is a generation. Can you see this damnable, corruptible world is ready for judgment!? So evil. Cross up; cross up what God has joined together. A woman live unclean to her husband, husband live unclean to his wife, and bring a hybrid child. Oh, some woman say, "Oh, isn't he beautiful, a great big tall fellow?" That's the same thing, maybe, Eve thought. She brought a hybrid child! and the hybrid child was Cain! and through Cain came giants! It's always been the cursed of the Lord---hybrid. Stay away from it. Hybrid religion. Don't mix it.

```
Hebrews 12:17 For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.

```
**46** Jesus said, "If you have the faith of a mustard seed..." Why did He like a mustard seed? Kale and spinach mixed together makes rape, but mustard won't mix with nothing. Mustard---genuine mustard! You aren't hybreeding it, it's mustard. Men who are born of the Spirit of God is God's sons and daughters! They don't mix with the world. They're not hybrid. They stay with God, they stay with His program, they stay with His Spirit, they don't want none of the hybrid stuff. Doesn't make any difference how big and polished the other churches look, how big and polished the congregations looks, how glamorous and what great gatherings they have---that don't phase them a bit. I always liked that song, "Teach me, Lord, to wait, while hearts are on flame"---while they're building big buildings and having great things: Teach me, Lord, to wait while hearts are aflame, Let me humble my pride call on Your name. Teach me not to rely on what others do, But wait in prayer for an answer from You. For they that wait upon the Lord, shall renew their strength; They shall mount up with wings like an eagle, They'll run and not be weary, if they walk, they'll not faint; Oh, teach me, Lord, teach me, Lord, to wait.

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Romans 8:14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

```
**47** Don't be carried away with hybrid stuff. It's not right. It will finally come to its end; it can't go back. When it's hybrid, it's finished. It can never reproduce itself again. If it does, it's a dwarf. Look what Wesley revival (when we get in that Philadelphian age) what a revival they had! Look at the next revival. Look at the next revival. Just keep dwarfing, dwarfing, dwarfing, dwarfing till now look where it's at now! Look where the Baptists started with John Smith. Look where it's dwarfed to. Look at the Pentecostals that started in 1906. They interbred with the world; brought in the things of the world and the doctrine of the world. They adopted, for the Holy Ghost, a handshake. They adopted, for immersing, sprinkling. They adopted, for water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost---like the world. They adopted handshake to receive the Holy Ghost instead of speaking in tongues and the power of God to follow. They put divine healing in the doctor's office instead of on your knees in prayer. They hybred themselves; and they're dwarfing each year---dwarfing.

**48** Those things are not in the Bible, those doctrines. But to be popular, to make themselves a church, to line them up as they are now with the Confederation of Churches, to bring themselves in to make them like the rest of them, they did that; and dwarfed themselves. Keep dwarfing. The first generation of Pentecostals was on fire. The second generation began to die out. That's now. Watch what the third generation will bring. It ain't going to go all the way out before Jesus comes, because the Laodicean church was lukewarm. Neither warm nor hot; it still had a little bit of the blessing left in it. They were mixed up; one here, and there, and back there. They were mixed up. Not altogether cold, but warm.

```
Revelation 3:15 I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.

Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

```
**49** God said the church in its whole, "You even make Me sick at My stomach. When I have given you the Holy Ghost, and you were interbred with the world and let the things of the world creep in, I'll just spew the whole organization out of My mouth. But fear not, little flock (the one who's kept the commandments of God), it's Your Father's good will to give you the kingdom." Stay with the Word. What the Word says, stay with it. Don't you interbreed that with nothing. I don't care what bishop, what archbishop, what man says anything about it, stay right with the Word! As Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "Repent, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ." Every other place in the Bible they were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Don't you never accept "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" for that. If you do, you're hybreeding yourself.

```
Luke 12:32 Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

```
**50** Now you show me one place in the Bible where anybody was ever baptized in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. It's not there! It's man-made theology that's been hybred into the church, giving a chance for an idol---like is coming into the nation now. I can prove to you by history and by the Bible that anybody that's baptized in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost is baptized in the Catholic church---by their own catechism. They said, "Will any Protestants be saved?" They said, "Some of them, they accept some of our doctrine. They claim to believe the Bible. The Bible said, 'Repent, and be baptized [Peter did on the day of Pentecost and so forth] in the name of Jesus Christ.' Their Bible teaches that, but they accept our doctrine." That's Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. That's a catechism. It ain't a Protestant doctrine; it's a Catholic doctrine. But we as Pentecostals interbred it, with man-made theology. You see where we're getting? No wonder God can't send a revival. He's got nothing to build it on. Then He'll take individuals, and build it on them individuals, and declare them before the world, who stay with that Word.

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

```
**51** Sprinkling---whoever heard of that? Accepting water baptism by immersing, taking it away from there, and making it a sprinkling. Whoever heard of giving them the right hand of fellowship to bring them into the church? or by letter? Nonsense! It's hybrid. We must all come the same route. Some of them say, "I'm a Methodist because mother is a Methodist." Mother might have been a Methodist Christian, but that don't make you one. She might have been a Baptist Christian, but that don't make you one.

**52** As I've often quoted David DuPlessis, saying that God don't have any grandchildren. God don't have grandchildren. God isn't grandpa. Nowhere in the Bible said God's grandpa. So what have you got that extreme trinitarian idea: God the Father, one; God the Son, another; the Father, and then God the Holy Ghost? That makes God a grandpa. God don't have grandchildren. God has sons and daughters! No grandchildren---sons and daughters. He don't accept grandchildren. Every fellow must come the same way the other one did. You've got to be a son or a daughter. So you see hybreeding, what it's done? Just [unclear word] the church. We was all condemned through Eve through hybreeding. That's exactly right. All of us come to that spot through Eve. Eve caused the whole human race to fall. Her and Adam are one. She ... it started with the woman, it'll end with a woman [break in tape] .

**53** One man entered called the man of sin. They forgive sins on earth. Taking the doctrine and giving out to the people and they drink it. The peoples of the earth, "the kings," the Bible said, "have been made drunk with the wine of her fornications." What is her fornications? Her untrueness. A woman commits fornications lives untrue to her husband. A church that commits fornications preaches something that's not God's Word! Hybreeds the church. What did she do? She bred in some daughters, too. Now, what is the daughters of the Catholic church? Where did Luther come from and on down the line? them denominations and organizations? See where it come in? But the true church of God is weaved in among every one of them. Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, and all through there---the real true blood-bought church of God. Like that scarlet streak that the spies were looking on. They're mixed up in there, but their denominations can't save them. "Are you a Christian?" "I'm Presbyterian." "I'm Baptist." "I'm Methodist." That don't mean one thing to God. You're a Christian when you're born again.

```
Revelation 17:2 With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.

```
**54** She caused it all. Many times I've heard people say, "Then, Brother Branham, because Adam and Eve did the evil, hybred the Word of God and caused us to get in this condition, God's unjust if He condemns me. I had nothing to do with it. I never sinned. It was Adam that sinned. The Bible said I was born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. So somebody represented me." Oh, here's a thought. (It might choke you.) Somebody represented you as a sinner. That was the one that hybred the Word. And today if you're expecting the Pentecostal church, or the Methodist, Baptist, to represent you, it's a hybrid word and condemned! You're condemned because that Adam condemned you. Adam and Eve, being one, accepted the hybrid form, and condemned the world.

```
Psalm 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.

Psalm 58:3 The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.

```
**55** Then you say, "Brother Branham, why should I ... why should God hold me responsible? Because one man represented me, and then I die because that that man sinned, then I'm a sinner by representation." That's right. You're a sinner by representation. You never ... God don't hold you responsible for being a sinner. He don't hold you responsible because you lie and steal and things you do. He doesn't hold you responsible for being a sinner. He holds you responsible because you don't help yourself! There's a way made for you. You reject the way that God laid down; that's what God condemns you for. There is a way of escape!

**56** Hybreeding. Hybreeding. Oh, how terrible! Hybreeding. They hybreed the people. New York, the big molding pot. I've got hundreds of precious colored friends that's born-again Christians. But on this line of segregations and things they're talking about, hybreeding the people, tell me what fine cultured, fine Christian colored woman would want her baby to be a mulatto by a white man? No, sir! It's not right! What white woman would want her baby to be a mulatto by a colored man? God made us what we are; let's stay what God made us! I believe it's right.

**57** When that great fuss came up down there at Shreveport here not long ago, that old colored preacher stood out there; he's got a place in my heart. He said, "I never was ashamed because I'm a colored man." Said, "God made me what I am, and I'm proud of it. But," said, "today I'm ashamed the way you people are acting. The way my own people's acting, it makes me ashamed." Oh, my! What are we doing, friends? Men think they know all about it. The people would be better off if you'd just let them the way they are, the way God made them. Let the brown race marry the brown race; the white race marry the white race; the dark race, the yellow race and whatever more, stay the way God made them. If a violet, God made it and it was white, let it remain white. If it's blue, black, brown, whatever the flower is, let it alone. If corn was raised a certain way, yellow corn, don't mix with white corn. If you do you mix it up, then it can't breed itself back again.

**58** If a mule was ... or, a jack was a jack and a jenny to begin with, let them stay that way. Don't mix them with horses. You make a renegade. Hybrid---oh, it's such a curse! Go back to where God started. Let's go back to the beginning. Go back to where God brought us what we're supposed to be. I say this with respects. I say this with honor. I'm going to Africa. But you know what? To my precious colored brethren and sisters, one of the greatest mistakes this nation made, it made it on November 11 this year. That was its great fatal mistake.

**59** One of the greatest mistakes that the colored race ever made was down in Louisiana and over there when they voted for Kennedy the other night, and put him in. They actually spit on that dress of Abraham Lincoln where the blood of the Republican party that freed them; and voted a Catholic. Which Booth shot Lincoln, and he died for the race of people to free them and make them not slaves, then turn around and vote for a Democrat, and a Catholic besides. They brought one of the greatest disgraces they ever brought. Because why!? The white man with his scholarship has give them a lot of ballyhoo! That's exactly right. I'm so glad there's many of them knows where they stand. It would be the same as me spitting on Christ that healed me and saved me from being a sinner, and turn against Him for something else; turn my back upon Him and walk away.

**60** Oh, this interbreeding! How can the world go on much longer? No wonder the vision of the Lord says here that I seen it finally came to a spot where she was just one big smoldering heap. She was blown up. We're on the road out, friends. There's no way around it. We've got to come to it, face it. Hybreeding. You say, "I'm not responsible because Eve did that." Eve did do it. She represented us all. Adam represented us yonder sinners, and we are sinners. He represented our fallen human nature to take us away from the Word of God, hybreeding it. "Oh, I know God has said, but surely God understands that I'm Presbyterian." "I'm Methodist." "I'm Pentecostal, God understands that." God understands one thing; that's the blood. That's all He understands. He knows the blood. He knows no color lines. He knows no race lines. Whether the man's black, blue, white, brown, or whatever color he is, God knows nothing about that. They're sons and daughters. He made them as His flower garden. He likes to look at them the way they are. Leave them be that way.

**61** Eve started this evil thing when she interbred there with this other thing that was near a man, that would mix the seed; because the serpent had a seed that was continually to bruise. (I'm taking it on the faith side for the weak Christians that don't understand.) Let's take the faith, then. Say then, "By faith, by the breeding then of faith, as you say, Brother Branham..." Then Eve brought in her theology, her and Adam. And tried to plead one to the other and throwed it back ("passing the buck," as they call it in the army): " The woman thou gives me..."; "The serpent beguiled me." "The serpent beguiled me." He never give her an apple to beguile. Anyone ought to have common reasoning to know that.

```
Genesis 3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

Genesis 3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

```
**62** But, "the serpent beguiled me." Done something dishonorable. God cursed that thing till they can't find a bone in a snake that looks like a man. They'll never find it. They're just foolish digging around. That's all. God's secret is with Him. That's right. And the land was full of giants. And Josephus said that ... the great historian. Could you imagine a historian like Josephus saying that the sons of God saw the daughters of man and they pressed themselves from angels into human flesh? A historian. If that's so, then Satan's a creator! Then where are we? See? There's one Creator! That's God! Satan only perverts what God has created. Unrighteousness is only righteousness perverted. It's legal for a husband and wife to be married, but not run with another. See, it's perverting. Death is perverted life; and a perverted church is taken off of original.

```
Genesis 6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.

```
**63** So, we're all condemned by human beings under representation. Adam represented us before God as sinners---unbelievers in His Word. We're carried on that base. Unbelievers of His Word. "Oh, God said so, but I know God is a good God. He won't do that." I hear so much of that. God is a good God, but God is a God of judgment! God is a God of holiness. God is a God of righteousness. God is a God of anger. We'll stand before Him when He's angry. The Bible said so. And His very presence will be a consuming fire. That's right. Don't try to judge God by our own feeling. We've got to judge God by His Word, what He said. Don't go off on what some tantrum, "This is a great church. It's weathered a lot of storms and this or that." Come back to what God said.

```
Deuteronomy 4:24 For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God.

Hebrews 12:29 For our God is a consuming fire.

```
**64** When I stand before Him I want to be found innocent of ever trying to add one thing to that Word or take one thing away---just exactly the way it is, teaching people to toe right up to it. The Bible says this. I can't help what anyone else says, I've got to stay right with that. For washing feet, they say, "Oh [Pentecostal brethren] , oh, Brother Branham, that's old ... we used to do that." Let's do it yet if we did it once. Jesus did it, washing feet. "Oh," they say, "it's unhealthy. People have athlete's feet." I don't care what they've got. They might have had it in them days. Yeah, yeah, that's right, Gene. God's a healer. See, they try to find a way of escape.

```
John 13:8 Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.

```
**65** Like they say, "Oh, I wouldn't drink out of the same glass as somebody else drank out of unless it was scalded." Oh, my! My brother and sister is my brother and sister. Amen! God is my protection if something is wrong. I trust Him! Let's go back to the Word! I don't care if he's colored, or whatever he is, or what church he belongs to, if he's my brother, he's my brother! I'll carry out the commandments of God. That's the reason, friends, when it comes to water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ, I must remain there. Oh, that keeps me from many great ... saving souls out there. It sure does, on that one issue, because of the extreme trinitarian belief.

**66** Sure I believe in Father, Son, and Holy Ghost---as offices of God. Not as three gods, but three offices of the same God. He is Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, but that's titles of His office. He's God the Father, sure He was, in the beginning. He's God the Son, that was made flesh on earth. He's God the Holy Ghost, which is in me. But it's the same God. God alone, three offices. He once couldn't be touched or nothing. Then He come down, was made flesh, and took on my sins, and bore my sins. Then while He sanctified me with His own blood, then the Holy Ghost could come in, and He and I can fellowship like we did in Eden. We love one another. He's my Father; I'm his son! Not three gods; the same God that created me, and loved me and gave Himself for me, is the God that's in me. His name was Jesus Christ when He was on earth. "There's not another name under heaven given among men whereby you must be saved." Now, if it hurts my friends, I can't help it. I'd rather hurt my friend than hurt my Father. See? He's my relative, my Father, God. That's what His Word says.

```
Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.

```
**67** God never let me hybreed anything, saying, "The days of miracles is past"; "Oh, Jesus doesn't do the same"; "Oh, that might be telepathy"; "That might be mind reading"; "I don't believe we have prophets in this day." The Bible said we would! I believe it. We're looking for anointing one like John the Baptist who came forth to forerun the first coming of Christ, comes to forerun the second coming of Christ, as he did. He promised it, to restore the faith of the people back to God. What was John to do? Restore the faith! The faith that was once, the real seed that was in the garden of Eden, to take God's Word, where it was hybred in by churchanity. John comes to bring it back (Hallelujah!), to shake the nation before the great and dreadful day of the Lord comes. That's John. John's mission---anointed one.

```
Malachi 4:6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.

Matthew 11:10 For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

```
**68** Notice, also. You say, "Well then why does that condemn me because Eve and Adam done this? They represented me as a sinner. I can't help it." Yes, but brother, one day there was One come from glory again. Oh, He's the One I want to talk about for about two minutes, now. One came from glory and become earth. One came and taken on the form of sinful flesh. He come to represent us, too; and Satan tried to cross Him up. Oh, he did. Every hand Satan was there to cross Him up! But He never crossed up; He took the cross and went up. Amen. Satan couldn't cross Him up. No, no. He was a different type of Adam. He come from glory to represent us. What? "Well," Adam said, "if my wife says so, I guess that's all right. "Well, she said she had a revelation, and this is the way it's supposed to be. I know God says it's this way, but my wife said..." That's the way with the local church member today: "Oh, I know the Bible says that, but my church says so-and-so." Oh, you poor miserable hypocrite! Don't you see God said, "Let my Word be true and every man's word a lie?" Take God at His Word! It's God's Word. I don't care what my wife said, what my church said; it's what God said.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**69** So, when they see the inspirator of his wife, Eve, when he come to meet Jesus, it said, "Oh, yes, it is written that He'll give the angels charge over thee lest anytime thou dash thy foot against a stone, they'll bear it up." "Yes," He said, "and it's also written..." He couldn't cross Him up. He was God made flesh! He was my Saviour and my God. He couldn't cross Him up. What did He do then? He embraced the cross. And on the cross He died for me and for you and for the world, that He might restore back again to God what? Sons and daughters! Like in the garden of Eden before they got crossed up in theology. Oh, God, if people could only see that! If I could only pound that into the people! Jesus died that He might take people away from this hybrid church stuff; that He might bring your minds and faith away from what man has said back to what God said. Not a hybrid faith: "Well, maybe the days of miracles is past. Maybe that won't happen." Oh, brother! God said it happens, and that settles it! That's for always. God said so.

```
Psalm 91:11 For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.

Psalm 91:12 They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Luke 4:10 For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:

Luke 4:11 And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

1 John 2:2 And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world.

```
**70** Jesus died that He might breed back. Oh, hallelujah! Only the blood can do that. Only through the chemistry of the blood of Jesus Christ can breed back again a person that won't vary one word from what God said. Eve showed her weakness---the church; showed what she did. She said, "Well, maybe you're right. Maybe God wouldn't hold me responsible because I just don't... Well, if I just ... what difference does it make as long as I'm baptized? What difference does it make as long as I...?" Oh, you ... that shows you need another breeding. That shows that something's got to come back to you to bring you to a faith that what God said, not one jot or one tittle shall pass from God's Word till it's all fulfilled. Let every man's word be a lie and His be true. Christ came that He might breed back by the Holy Spirit.

```
Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**71** Oh, brother, as we sit together now, in heavenly places in Christ Jesus; the Holy Spirit breathing upon us like we are now, breeding back, taking away the rubbish of theology, taking away the rubbish of the world, man-made doctrines, having forms of godliness, denying the power thereof---breed it back into an unadulterated faith in God. Jesus said ... Satan said, "Oh, I know it is written; but you know it said, 'Thou shall eat...'" Jesus said, "And it's also written. It's also written..." "Yes. It is written that He'll do this and You shall turn these ... if You are the Son of God You can perform a miracle here before me and turn these stones into bread. Let me see You do it." He'd be minding Satan. See the shrewdness of God there? "It's written man shall not live by bread alone." See Him right with the Word. He never... He defeated Satan every time right on the Word. He stayed with the Word. And if He came to breed us back to sons and daughters of God like we was at the beginning, how can we get away from the Word then? How can we ever get anywhere till we get back to the Word!?

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Ephesians 2:6 And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**72** Oh, I hope this tape that goes unto people, and you're listening to me out across the world, that you'll realize that we've got to ... if we're Christ's, we're born of Christ. We've got to come back to the Word. We'll never be able to educate the people into it. We might build big churches, my brethren, around this world. We might build and have great educational programs. We tried to do that. It makes renegades! Where does the most criminals come from? Not the ranks of illiterate people, but from the educationals; from the line and the breeding of the high up and up---the education.

**73** Not long ago when I stood with the FBI agent, and he pointed out on the wall and he said, "I appreciate your sermon." He said, "You said that it isn't the poor class of people that produces... A poor man that don't know too much, then ... they're a little bit afraid to fool with it; but it's these types that think they can outsmart that other crook. They see where he made his mistake and try it." He went right to the pens and showed all the juvenile cases that's been across the nation, and eighty percent of them or better come out of the aristocratic neighborhoods---smart, shrewd.

**74** Look at the beginning. Now, it showed that's the sons of Cain. Look at Cain's people. What was Cain's people? Follow them through the lineage, coming down through Cain's people. What were they? They were shrewd, scientists, doctors, high people; religious, high people. They invented how to temper different metals, how to build fine buildings; they were scientists. What did the others come through? Peasants, farmers, sheepherders, and so forth. See that? Look at it today---these high-minded. They've interbred it into the churches till the church doesn't want some poor illiterate person who really loves the Lord to come in there, and maybe the preacher will say something and they say, "Amen." They lead him out the door. They don't want him in their congregation, if he can't dress just right and dress like the Joneses or somebody, you see. They don't want them in there if they can't drive a fine car---drive an old junk up in front of the church.

```
Genesis 4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

```
**75** Brother! Brother! Oh, can't you see. And many of the people today won't even welcome the colored people into their churches! Oh, God, have mercy on such hypocrites. God, I want to always, as long as I've got a church, the doors are open for whosoever will. I don't care if you come in a wheelbarrow, you come on. You come on. I don't care if you're wearing overalls. I'll say one thing. You get right with God, and a pair of overalls can sit down by a tuxedo suit, and they'll put their arms around one another and call each other, "Brother." They sure will. They sure will. A calico dress can sit by a silk one, and put her arms around her and say, "Sister." Yes, it does something to you! It breeds it back.

**76** And what are we doing now? Sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Not taking our theology, but letting the Holy Spirit breed us back to sons and daughters of God. What does the word circumcise mean? Stephen said... That's right, "cut off surplus flesh." Cut off the surplus, the part that's not needed. Circumcision, to be cut off. Now, in the Old Testament then, the male could be circumcised; the surplus flesh was cut away. Now, what the Holy Spirit does in the last days, it cuts away the surplus; cuts away the theology of the world, cuts away man-made doctrines, cuts away all unbelief, cuts away everything.

```
Genesis 17:10 This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.

Genesis 17:11 And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.

Ephesians 2:6 And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

```
**77** Stephen said, "Oh, you uncircumcised in heart and ears, why do you always resist the Holy Ghost? As your fathers did, so do you." There's where it's at, friends. You've got to get away from, say, "Well now, I heard a speech the other night, said, 'Them divine healers, you better watch them.'" It ain't the divine healers. I'd watched them, too. But I watch the Word of God, what it says. I take the Word. The Word said so, see. "Ah, you have to watch them people that believes in speaking in tongues, because that was another day. They're nothing but devils." What has the Word said? "These signs shall follow them that believe to the end of the world. In my name they shall cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover."---Jesus' last commission to His church.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Acts 7:51 Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.

```
**78** What's the Holy Spirit trying to do today? To cut off all that unbelief. "They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." Trying to bring the people back to the unadulterated Word, where God said like it was in Eden before theology was added. Bring it back the way it was in Eden when man walked with God, and he said ... if the tree didn't look right here, he said, "Be thou plucked up and planted over here." The wind was blowing; he said, "Peace be still," and it stopped. Whatever he was, he controlled all the animals. Everything on earth, it was his; he was god over the earth. He had controlling power in him. One came down from heaven in all this pollution and proved that that was God's plan, for He was the Son of God. What did He do? Die, that we might come back and be purged through the righteousness of His blood; and He represents us this morning! Hallelujah!

```
Mark 4:39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

```
**79** Now to you that says that it's wrong for you to be represented by Adam as a sinner, what about through representation we have salvation, also? You can no more save yourself than you could take your bootstraps and jump over the moon with it. You can no more... You're born in sin; you're a renegade to start with. Every one of us! And we could not help ourselves. And how are we ever going to be saved? One came to represent us---Jesus. He came to represent us before God as sons and daughters of God. And He sent His Holy Spirit now that He's brooding over the place, trying to bring us back to birth to be ... die to ourselves and be reborn again to be sons and daughters of God, to take God at His Word, to believe God's Word.

**80** Now, if we have condemnation by representation, we also... How do we have condemnation? Because of hybreeding---breeding in the world with the things of God. That's how we have it. Now how do we ever get away from that hybreeding? Turn away from that interbred stuff. Come back to this, to God's Word being truth. Every man's word a lie; what God said is true. Stay right with that. It breeds you right back again into this. There's a way made, One standing at the throne of God this morning to represent you. Your father and mother represented you as Adam and Eve. That's right, when you were born in the world. Holy wedlock, it was ordained of God to bring children. Now you're right back to the same spot you was in the garden of Eden like Adam and Eve, you sons and daughters of God.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**81** You're right back to two trees. One of them was the tree of knowledge and the other one was the tree of life. Now, do you want to go the scientific way of hybreeding? Look where you get. What kind of a mess has man got himself into with this hybreeding? What kind of a mess has he got himself into with his own knowledge? Instead of just being a child, humbly and depending on God, he is trying to take science and split an atom. Look what a mess he is in right now. God just lets him destroy himself, that's all. Man destroyed himself in the beginning, separated himself from God from the fellowship by the tree of knowledge. He left the tree of life to eat the tree of knowledge.

```
Genesis 2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

```
**82** Come away from that hybrid tree, get over here to the original fruit that's got life in it. Eat of Him. Jesus said, "I am the bread of life that came from God out of heaven. Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness [not being mixed with faith, see] eat manna in the wilderness, and they're all dead. But I'm the bread of life that come from God out of heaven. He that eats this bread has eternal life. I'll raise him up at the last days. He shall never perish; he's got everlasting life." Let's come back to the tree this morning. Let's get away from what man says. Let's get away from what the churches say. Let's come back and take the Bible, and believe the Bible. We're too late now to go to fussing, see.

```
John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:48 I am that bread of life.

John 6:49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.

John 6:50 This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.

John 6:51 I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.

```
**83** We're never going to have any more great organizations raised up. I can prove that now during the time of the church ages. We're never going to have another raise up of organizations. The Laodicean church age, it'll just be Pentecostals denominating themselves on down, on down, on down like that. But there'll never be no more great revivals strike the land. Just what few that's left in the church will pull what is to come in. For the Bible says the church ages end in a lukewarm condition. That's right. So it's got to come that way.

```
Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

```
**84** Now, to all. Let's get away from this interbreeding. Let's get back to the real original fruit. Let's go back to the place where God made us as sons and daughters of God to depend on what God said, and don't take the woman's word of hybreeding. See how the natural and the spiritual is typed? You see my vision wrote out here of what it was? how the women would be given the right to vote? What has ruined this nation? Now listen. Not you Christian women. Women are the backbone of any nation. You break motherhood, and you've broke the nation to begin with. It has through the history. What is American women? Used to be, we went over to Paris to get fashions. Now Paris comes over here to get fashions, for their vulgar, dirty way of living---come to us to get fashions. What's happened? The devil has stripped our women. They take their clothes off. Each year they're taking a little more off. They cut off their hair, which God says it's wrong; wear these little old clothes, that the Bible says, "It's an abomination before God for a woman to put on a garment that pertains to a man." And now you can't tell whether they're a man or women.

```
Deuteronomy 22:5 The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.

```
**85** Smoking cigarettes. Hybrid is right. Hybrid---they don't even know whether they're man or woman. That's right. You can hardly tell what sex they belong to by looking at them and listening to them. That's true, friends. (I'm not saying that about you Christian women. My voice is going around many nations.) But it's a hybrid. This America has become condemned. And what did she do, according to the vision? She elected the wrong person. I don't know how long it will take it to run out, but it will be someday. Thus saith the Lord! It will. She's on her downward move right now. She'll never come back again. She's gone. That's right. She's been gone since 1956 when she condemned and turned away God from the great revival hours.

**86** Now, it's time I guess for us to close at this time and have a prayer line for the sick. Now, do you believe that the devil has hybred the people, the nations? Do you believe that? Sure he has. Hybred the churches till we become man-made dogmas instead of Christ-fearing servants. Do you see why I condemn, and shake, and beat as hard as I can against the wrong thing? How can I do anything else? when here the Word says so, and the Holy Spirit, "Move into it." I say, "Lord, I preach; they just dress the same way. They still do the same thing they always did"; "Preach it anyhow. Just keep moving on. Your voice is taped." At the day of the judgment there won't be no excuses then. Because you've heard it, see. That's right. You've heard it.

**87** "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing ... what the church said." That don't sound right, does it? "Hearing the Word of God." Bringing you back to a faith in God. Now, when you come this morning, we want to pray. And we want to pray that God will let you lay aside everything. Maybe this little message will take that hybreeding away from you; bring you back to a humble servant to walk up and say, "I believe God." They've often wondered... I'm going to say this. Listen to it. Say, "Brother Branham, your ministry is not compared nowhere in the world of its supernatural." Great men (I could call their names, if it wasn't for this tape) called me to come go with them. Said, "Your ministry is the only thing that will save the world." Why is that not somewhere else? Come back to the Word. God can only build upon that foundation. Then if I'm so firmly wrong in the way I baptize people and the way I talk of the Holy Ghost, and the things that I do, then why does God honor it? Produce something like it. Why is it? I don't say that for myself, that would be wrong, but I'm trying to say because I stand on the truth---the Word and the Word alone.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**88** Mounting up and making great things and great places, that doesn't mean nothing to God. Not a thing. It's staying with that Word. God working in that Word, confirming that Word, staying with it---the sign of the living God among us. Do you want to be like that? Do you want all the world washed away from you? Oh, my! You little children, God bless you. I'm expecting to spend eternity with you. I'm expecting to be over yonder in the great Eden with you someday. And when I get there...

**89** I had a vision not long ago (you've heard of it), and I looked there and I seen all those people there. There were millions of them. And I said, "You mean He comes to me?" They said, "Yes, and then we go back with you." I said, "Well, does every minister have to stand like that?" "Yes, sir." "Every minister stand on his ministry with his congregation?" He said, "Yes, sir." (This angel that was speaking to me said that.) And I said, "Then Paul will have to stand too?" "Paul has to stand with his generation." I said, "Then I know I'm all right, because I've preached word by word the same thing he did." And when I did that, millions screamed out, "That's where we are resting!" Amen! On that Word, that Word! No matter what it was, that Word!

**90** That's why I've constrained people to come, like it's going to be this morning, some of them rebaptized again. Paul did. Paul met people who were just so happy and filled with God's goodness and things, shouting and praising God and having a great meeting. He said, "But have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" (Acts 19.) They said, "We know not whether there be any Holy Ghost." Said, "We're just Baptists," in other words. Their pastor was a Baptist preacher. Exactly right. He was a converted lawyer, Baptist preacher. Paul said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" They said "We know not whether there be any Holy Ghost." He said, "Then how was you baptized? What was you baptized? Which way?" "We've been baptized by John." "That won't work no more." Said, "We was baptized to John." He said, "John only baptized unto repentance." Just as much water as you could put them under, see, unto repentance; not for remission of sins, because the sacrifice wasn't killed yet. He said, "Unto repentance. Saying that you should believe on Him that was to come"---believing on Jesus Christ. And when they heard this, they walked right out into the water and was rebaptized again in the name of Jesus Christ. What the Bible ... and Paul in Galatians 1:8 said, "If an angel from heaven [Now, listen. What am I getting back? This hybrid stuff, get away from it.] if an angel from heaven come preaches any other gospel than this, what I have taught you [Paul, rebaptizing the people again] , let him be unto you accursed." Let alone a preacher or a bishop or a pope or a priest. If an angel, bright angel, come down from heaven and said anything contrary to what he said, let him be accursed.

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Acts 19:3 And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.

Acts 19:4 Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.

Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

```
**91** How are we are going to stand up to it, friends? Not only... Now, you could be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and your heart just as smutty as it can be. That don't save you, but it's one step of right. You're saved by your faith through Jesus Christ. That's right. But when you come to this spot and see this, and then reject it, then you go back.

**92** This little story and I'm closing. I've told it before, maybe here. A chaplain once said that they called him in where a guy had been shot with a machine gun, and he was dying. He said, "Are you a Christian?" He said, "I used to be." "Used to be?" He said, "Where did you leave Christ?" He said, "I don't remember." He said, "You better be thinking, because your lungs are filling with blood. You'd better hurry because right across the bottom of your lungs, you're shot." He said, "I know it." He said, "You're dying." He said, "Yes." He said, "And you once knew Christ?" "Yes." He said, "Now think real hard, because you haven't got..." Said, "Captain, you've just got a little bit of time to think." Said, "Think hard now. Where did you leave Christ?" As he struggled, struggling, trying to think. Directly a smile came over his face. He said, "I remember. I remember." That's what you've got to do. Remember when you come against a truth of God, you'll leave Him right there. You'll leave Him right there. And it won't do you no good to go on this way, because you've got to come back to this. You're on a detour all the time. I don't say you're not a Christian, but you're on a detour. They were Israelites, but not all saved. That's right. See, you're on a detour right then. He come back to that.

**93** And the chaplain said, "I remember." Said, "Start right from there." That's where you have to start this morning, where you got off the line. He said, "Now I lay me down to sleep; I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord, my soul to take," and he died. Where he left Christ was at the cradle. You might have left Him at baptism; you might have left Him at the Holy Ghost; you might have left Him somewhere else. Wherever you left Him... Don't take this hybreeding church stuff. There's One to represent you this morning for salvation. You don't have to be a sinner. You don't have to be that. You are, if you are. God don't hold you responsible for being a sinner, He won't hold you no way responsible from now on, but He's going to hold you responsible if you reject this. He's not going to hold you responsible because that maybe, in the past, that you didn't know any different from water baptism from receiving the Holy Ghost and the power of God. He might not hold you responsible for that, you might not have heard it before; but from here on, you know better. Come back to the Word. Come back to God.

**94** Let us pray now, and you think it over while we're praying. Lord, knowing that I'm a mortal, and soon I shall go. My days are getting many now, soon I'll be fifty-two years on this earth, and Lord, I want to be faithful, I want to be true to the end. Around the world many---many nations, peoples, colors, races---seeing many creeds and seeing them how they mix them up and all their different little fusses and flusterations, when in those places there's many true children. Many men and women in those places, over in that hybrid field there, that truly don't want to be there. They think they're doing God's will. I pray Thee, Father, this morning, to take away all doubts from my little group here today and from those who will be listening at the tapes; that You will take away all the man-made creeds. As Jesus, when He came the first time, He found them teaching things that wasn't so from the beginning. From the beginning, while God made it pure and unadulterated; but man had made ... took God's Word and made it of none effect by teaching the creed of man.

```
Matthew 15:6 And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.

Matthew 19:8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.

Mark 7:13 Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.

```
**95** Father, so is it now at the near coming of Jesus again. Just like the vine. If the vine puts forth a branch, and that branch was a Pentecostal branch filled with the Holy Ghost, and signs and wonders of fruits followed that branch, if that vine ever puts another branch, it will be the same kind of branch. We know that, Father, by nature itself. But we do know that you can graft any fruit that's pertaining to that into that vine, and it will live by the vine. We know that we can take an orange tree and grow citrus fruits of different kinds, seven or eight. We can put lemons on it; it will grow right in, because it's a citrus fruit. It will grow grapefruit and many other ... and tangerines and many other citrus fruits. But if that tree brings forth its own branch again, it'll be an orange, Lord. It'll be like the first one was. And we believe that there is to be a church in these last days that will receive both former and latter rain. It'll be scattered throughout the world in this Laodicean age. It'll be a church that's called back to the original faith in God. It'll be a church that'll have Jesus Christ walking in it, manifesting Himself; the shout of the king will be in it.

```
Numbers 23:21 He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither hath he seen perverseness in Israel: the LORD his God is with him, and the shout of a king is among them.

Joel 2:23 Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.

```
**96** God, how You started age after age, and how they took that vine and grafted it over in there. And it's thriving by it, under the name of Christianity, but still bringing forth a doctrine that wasn't taught at the beginning. O God, how we feel sorry for that, Lord. We don't know what to do. But this morning I pray that You'll take out of our hearts anything that's man-made. Take and place into our hearts, Lord, the true Word of God. I'm fixing to pray for the sick, Lord. How can I walk down there and have a doubt in my mind that God will not answer my prayer? Then, Father, I'd be a hypocrite myself.

**97** God, if there's one speck of doubt in my heart, You forgive me for it now. If there's anything that I've done or said that's wrong, You forgive me. Let me get into what is truth. And Father, I know Thy Word is truth, and I'm trying to stay on that Word. I've been interbred, Lord, back yonder by breedings through my generations till I know my mind is muddled, but yet I can look down here and see the Word. I know it's the truth. I long to be there, Lord. I'm holding on to that anchor yonder in the Rock. The storms are tossing me up and down and around, but my anchor holds. It's in Christ and in His Word. I believe Your Word is the truth. Help me, Lord, to never compromise on one speck of it, but to continue on with godly love, my arms around all people, all races, all colors, all creeds, all denominations, pulling them to the Rock.

**98** Grant it, Father. Heal all the sick and afflicted. Bring back to the old-fashioned revival type of people today. Bring them back to original Pentecost. Bring them back to the blessings. Bring them back like the Pentecost that fell in A.D.33. Give them the Pentecostal blessings. May the power of God come into the church. May there be divine healing gifts give to the church. May there be speakers with tongues, interpreters of tongues. May there be gifts of prophecy and all different manifestations. Not make-believe or try-to-believe or put on; may it be real genuine, coming with the Word. The Word of God made known---prophesying things that comes to pass. You said in Your Word, "If there be one among you who claims to be, or supposed to be, a prophet, and what he says ... and if it don't come to pass, don't hear him. But if it does come to pass, then hear that prophet, for I am with him." God, give us that kind of prophets. Give us the real kind; the real kind that speaks with tongues, the real kind that has the real interpretations. Grant it, Father. Heal the sick and the afflicted and make Yourself known among us, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.

Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.

```
**99** I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me, And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree. Now all of you Methodist sons of God, Baptist sons of God, all you sons and daughters of God, let's just raise up our hands and close our eyes, and sing this to Him and worship Him. I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me, And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

**100** Do you love Him? All that love Him say, "Praise Jesus." Let's say it again, "Praise Jesus." Oh, how I... In Afrikaans it'd be "Praise de Lord Yesus [Yesus, they call Him.] Praise Yesus. Danke Yesus." Thank you, Jesus. Oh, my! What a day. How ... praise. How we thank the good Lord for Your... I love Him,....... Just worship Him. Hard cutting message like that. Let's just worship, the sweetness of the Spirit back. Because He first loved me. And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree. The precious blood of God's own Son Has saved and sanctified A wondrous people for His name, And they are called the Bride. Though here neglected and despised, Some day the Lord will bring Those chosen ones within the gate, And that's worth everything. Altogether: When we're inside the gates of pearl We'll learn a lot of things, We'll have a harp that's made of gold, Perhaps a thousand strings. We'll sing and shout and dance about, (Hallelujah) The Lamb will dry our tears. We'll have one grand homecoming week The first ten thousand years.

**101** Give us the right chord. Let's sing it again. Don't you love that? Let's sing. The precious blood of God's own Son Has saved and sanctified A wondrous people for His name, And they are called His Bride. (Amen!) Though here neglected and despised, One day the Lord will bring Those chosen ones within the gate, And that's worth everything. Altogether now: When we're inside the gates of pearl We'll learn a lot of things, We'll have a harp that's made of gold, Perhaps a thousand strings. We'll sing and shout and dance about, The Lamb will dry our tears. We'll have one grand homecoming week The first ten thousand years. Let's shake hands while we sing it. The precious blood of God's own Son Has saved and sanctified A wondrous people for His name, And they are called His Bride. Though here neglected and despised, One day our Lord will bring His chosen ones within the gate, And that's worth everything. Now, let's lift up our hands to Him. When we're inside the gates of pearl We'll learn a lot of things, We'll have a harp that's made of gold, Perhaps a thousand strings. We'll sing and shout and dance about, The Lamb will dry our tears. We'll have one grand homecoming week The first ten thousand years. Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me. I'll never forsake Him, I'll never forsake Him, I'll never forsake Him, Because He first loved me.

**102** I'll never forsake Him because He represents me. Amen. He is my Saviour and because that He died for me ... I'm unworthy but because He took me as His own, He become me that I might become Him. He become a sinner and took my sins that I might be a son of God. Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me. Doesn't them old songs do something to you? I remember a little colored family used to come up here, a man and his wife and little girl. I can't sing it but I'm going to try it. I feel the Holy Spirit on me. Amen. Said: Oh, what precious love that Father Had for Adam's fallen race; Gave His only Son to suffer, And redeem us by His grace. Oh, I love that! Oh, what precious love that Father Had for Adam's fallen race; Gave His only Son to suffer, And redeem us by His grace.

```
2 Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.

```
**103** I love that, don't you? Isn't there something about... Now those messages are hard and strict and cutting. That's what the Word of God is, sharper than a two-edged sword. But when it's all over, see the great Holy Spirit sitting here in the building somewhere watching over, angels. Oh! Then after it's all over, see Him spread forth His arms and the blessings begin to fall, and we raise our arms to Him and worship Him in the sweetness of the Holy Spirit. Doesn't it do something to you? Just cleans you out. Gives you a new start, brings you back to the Word. How many is sick now, say, "I'm coming to be healed this morning, this is the hour of my healing"? One, two, three, four, five, about eight or ten of you. All right. I wonder if my little children here would do something for me. Will you do that? Wonder if you all would just come right back up here just a little bit now. And I'm going to ask you all to come right down along the altar here while we pray. While we're still singing, let those who are to be anointed and prayed for, Brother Neville, come. And we're going to pray for them then have water baptism, then official dismissal in about two or three ... about ten minutes at the most, I guess. All right. Oh, what precious love that Father Had for Adam's fallen race; Gave His only Son to suffer, And redeem us by His grace.

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**104** If anybody knows where that little colored family is, I wish they'd come up and sing that again for me during the revival. They was down on Broadway there somewhere, I forget what their name was, a man and his wife and little girl. They had that little stop in it, you know. Oh, what precious love that---Father Had for Adam's fallen---race; Gave His only Son to---suffer, And redeem us by His grace.

**105** See what it is? Adam's race had fallen, interbred all the way down. She come all the down the line from actual, spiritual unbelief in God's word to sexual, to all kinds of filth, down to the lowest part. And, oh, what precious love the Father gave for Adam's fallen race. Gave His only Son to suffer. Come down to the lowest there was and redeem us back up to His Word. Redeem us by His grace. Now this morning we stand by His grace saying, "We are His children. We have a right to these blessings." Jesus Christ died to heal every one of you. That's right. He promised it. And here we... We know that that's truth. How many know it's the truth? Then it's your property, it belongs to you, it's yours. Then there's only one thing can keep you from getting it, that's Satan trying to tell you an interbred lie. What did God say? "He was wounded for our transgressions, with his stripes we are healed." Do you believe that to be the Word of God? Then don't let Satan tell you nothing else.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**106** The Word of God said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." How far? All the world. It never has been reached yet. "All the world." How long was this to last? To the end of the world. Watch. "Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel. Lo I am with you always, even to the end of the world. These signs shall follow them that believe: In my name they shall cast out devils; speak with new tongues; if they should take up a serpent or drink a deadly thing it should not harm them; if they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover." That's the Word.

**107** Now lay down on this ... every principle of God, lay right there on it. Then come to that spot and say, "God, I've repented. I've been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. I've recognized the blood, I've recognized the Son of God, I recognize You, my Father. You've blessed me with the Holy Spirit. Now Satan tries to plague me and make me sick. I come boldly." Amen. No condemnation. "I've kept Your Word. I've stayed here like Hezekiah"---when the Lord said, tell Isaiah, "Go down and tell him he ain't coming off that bed, he's going to die." He said, "Lord, I've walked before You with a perfect love. I need fifteen years longer." The Lord told the prophet, "Go back and tell him I heard him. He's going to live." That's right. It changes things. That's the way you've got to come. No condemnation. If there's condemnation you're just fighting air. You've got to come where you're clean and clear. "I believe it. I'm standing here, Lord, I believe it." If you're a sinner and you don't know God, tell God right here, "Lord, I want to be healed, I want to serve You; but I give You now my heart. Here I am, use me." Like the prophet in the temple said, "Here am I. Send me, Lord." And the angel took a coal of fire.

```
2 Kings 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

2 Kings 20:2 Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,

2 Kings 20:3 I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

2 Kings 20:4 And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,

2 Kings 20:5 Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.

2 Kings 20:6 And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

Isaiah 6:6 Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:

Isaiah 6:8 Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.

Isaiah 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

Isaiah 38:3 And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

Isaiah 38:5 Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.

```
**108** Now, we're in the church. On the evangelistic fields we use the other type of ministry. In here we... The Bible said, for the church, "If there's any sick among you, let them call the elders of the church, and anoint them with oil and pray over them. The prayer of faith saves the sick." You know that. James 5:14 Brother Neville here, our pastor, a good God-sent, Holy Ghost-filled man. How many's noticed Brother Neville climbing? Have you noticed it? Heard him prophesying last Sunday, the first time. Who'd have ever thought that a Methodist preacher would have stood like that? But when the Holy Ghost come on him, something happened, see. Yes, it come right into him just automatically. See, you get right back to the right breeding, then you've got to move on. You put life in a grain of corn and put it in the right condition, it'll grow. Just let it alone, it'll grow. That's the way with the church. If you could ever get back to the right thing, just stay there, keep moving on. The right sunshine and water and praises, and hallelujahs, and songs and things, it'll bring it right on up to the spot where it can reach to get "all things are possible to them that believe."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

James 5:13 Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.

James 5:14 Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:

```
**109** Now, when he anoints you with oil, I'm going to lay hands upon you. Now, first I'm going to pray for every one of you. And I want you along the line to lay your hands on one another. Now put your hand on one another. Why am I doing that? Now, the Bible never said, "If Brother Branham lays his hands on"; said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands." Is that right? "They lay their hands." Your hands is just the same as any hands, see. After all, it's God's hands that count. And so if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**110** Now with your hands on each other, let's bow our heads. I want all you church out there, pray for these. Our heavenly Father, we bring to You this great line of sick people. God, just think, many of these in here, I trust that every one of them, are Your children, born of the Spirit, washed in the blood, filled with the Holy Ghost, ready for the coming. And Satan can't get to them that way to make them sin, He can't get to them to make them doubt Your Word is wrong, and they go ahead and follow just to the letter; but then he tries to come along and afflict their body because he knows that their bodies still sin, but their soul is saved. Their body's got to go back to the dust, but their soul goes to God. So he tries to afflict that part what he can. But I'm so glad that You included salvation for that body, too. This is the earnest of our resurrection, the healing of our bodies. And Lord, on record today, millions of souls, millions of bodies, that's healed. So we know that You are God.

**111** And now, they're laying their hands on one another. Look at them, Lord. One's interested in the other one. One wants to know, regardless of what church they belong to, what affiliation they have, what color they are, or what creed they... That has nothing to do with it, Lord. They are Your children. Some of them are Methodist, some belong to the Baptist, some belong to the Presbyterian, maybe some Catholic, I don't know, some are Pentecostal; but You don't know them by that name. You know them as Yours. They're blood-bought, and they're standing here believing the Word and they're coming boldly; and I'm pleading for them, as a servant of yours. God, may there not be one feeble person in this building when the service is over. May they every one be healed. As Your anointed elder goes forward placing that oil, that little oil that runs down on their forehead that symbolizes, oil is the Spirit. We put that on there to let the people know that this virgin olive oil has been placed upon their head in similarity of the Holy Spirit coming.

**112** Then when I lay hands upon them myself may they go to their seat so happy, rejoicing. A finished work, it's all over. They're healed, they go home to be well. Grant it, Lord. And the shouts and praises will raise up from all over the city, around different places where these people will go. "You know, I once had stomach trouble, but it's gone." "I once had so-and-so, certain diseases, but it's gone. I just heard that message that morning, breeding back to the Word; and I come back to the Word, and I believe the Word, and now I'm well." Grant it, Father. I commit them to You in Jesus Christ's name.

**113** Now, with our heads bowed, I want the elder to go far enough to... Teddy, if you will, some of you, sing, "Only Believe" just as you can. Now, let the ones just pass right to their seat as we anoint and pray for them.
