---
Date: 1960-11-27
Title: The Queen of the South
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Life Tabernacle in Shreveport, Louisiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 54 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Queen of the South



**1** You may be seated. Seems like I just got here and now he's saying, "...the last night." Well, this has been the most unusual meeting that I have had in a long time. You're Brother Babbs, aren't you? I recognized you today out there where we were eating. And when we got finished, I was looking over there; I said, "Isn't that my friends from Eldorado?" I think that's right, Eldorado. And Brother Jack said, "Sure is." And we got talking there and then, first thing you know, you were gone. I didn't get to shake your hand. God bless you. [Brother Babbs says, "Brother Branham, you needed the food and the rest, not to be bothered by us. We came down to be ministered to."] Thank you, brother. Thank you. Brother Babbs from Eldorado. Some Baptists, [Brother Babbs continues, "Remember this, Brother Branham. Remember the little front room of mine?"] Yes. Yes, sir, I do. [Brother Babbs says, "It's dedicated to God. And any time in the far regions of the earth where you feel strength and virtue..."] [ Break in tape.] Isn't that wonderful?

**2** I believe you have two lovely daughters. And I remember one of them started on, one day, to the platform and she'd been married a long time and didn't have any children. And when she started up to the platform, the Holy Spirit turned me and said, "You're seeking a child and, 'thus saith the Lord,' you'll have it." I was there just a few hours before it was born. And, there it was, she had it. Somebody told me she has three now. Wonderful, that ... He always gives good measure, you know. That's very fine. Well, that's very fine. I'm so happy for that. I believe that that's the Bible. A woman that has the respects enough to raise a child in these days when they do everything else and try to get rid of them, God will respect that.

**3** I got a lady up in Canada that was ... I believe she's fifty-three or fifty-four years old. She'd been married since she was about eighteen. They had no children and one night, it was while Brother Jack was with me, and the lady come up (they're German people, I forget their name just now) and she said ... come on the platform, the Holy Spirit said, "You're seeking for a baby." "Yes." Past the age, she was about forty something, forty-eight, forty-seven, forty-eight then. Said, "That's right." Said, "Well, you shall embrace a son, 'Thus saith the Lord.'" Now, always watch that, see: 'Thus saith the Lord.' One's a vision (that's what I'm seeing) then what I see what He does, that's... One thing, I'm saying what I'm looking at; the next thing I'm saying what He's going to do, you see. This is what I'm saying. That's what He's saying, see.

**4** About two or three years passed and nothing happened. She thought, "Well, there's something wrong." And she got to doubting. She said, "Well, Brother Branham just didn't see the vision right." Oh, yes. So she said, after three or four years passed, she said, "I know I can't have it now." She was done way up around fifty years old or better, and so she... And I come through from up, way up in northern ... the Yukon, was on a hunting trip, come by and had one night's meeting in little villages, coming by. When I come to this city where she lives, why I ... Calgary, and she came to ... her husband came to the meeting. She didn't come. I said, "Where's Sister?" And I didn't have any topcoat and he gave ... wanted to give me his and I wouldn't take it. And he was standing back there.

**5** I said, "Where's Sister?" Said, "Brother Branham, she's broke down with TB." And I said, "Oh, my." And I stood and looked at him and just kind of ... You have to feel the people's feeling. You can never help anybody unless you get right into it with them. You've got to enter into their suffering. If you don't do it, you're just out. You've got to have a love and something that makes you just be right with them. And, that hurt me so bad, to hear that she had tubercular. I looked, I said, "Here's what's caused it: she doubted about that baby."

**6** He said, "Brother Branham, that's exactly the truth." I said, "Now, she's off in some sort of an ism about drinking juices and things like that and don't eat any meats and don't..." He said, "That's exactly right." I says, "That's what broke her down in TB. Her body's undernourished." I said, "You go tell her that I said, 'Thus saith the Lord, don't doubt that.' I don't care if she's ninety years old. She'll still have the baby," see.

**7** And, so he went back and told her, and she throwed away her juices and started eating normally and came back and believed it. And then ... I was with Brother Fred Sothmann. He's here somewhere. We was ... Fred, what was those people's name? [Brother Sothmann replies, "Doble."] Doble. And we were ... where was that place where ... way up there at the end of the world? Prince Albert, up at Prince Albert. And, this woman, she was that old and was going to have this baby, and the doctors was wondering what was going to take place. Didn't think she could have it. So, show their faithfulness and their thoughts, they put her on a train in an ambulance affair, and brought her up to that meeting to see what the Lord would say. The Lord spoke, and said, "Tell her, 'Return back. She has a boy coming.'"

**8** Well, she'd no more than got home till she got that fine big boy. And there she was. And she was way in her fifties. But, He's never failed. When He says anything, it will be just that way. Got to be. I was thinking, is Brother Welch Evans here? Brother Fred, did he come? He never come. I was thinking here not long ago, just show how easy, how loving the Lord is and how He loves to heal. We were fishing down in Florida; had had a meeting down in Georgia, went on down to Florida to fish about two days. And this Mr. Evans is a staunch Christian, a lovely brother. And his brother is not a Christian, so he run a bait shop. And we went out in some kind of a jungle there where you had to rake snakes out of the way and 'gators to get into where we could fish. And his brother had been bitten by a ground rattler. I don't know... I don't think you have them in Louisiana. They're little bitty rascals, and they're real bad when they bite you; they kill you. And so, they're worse than the cottonmouth.

**9** And so, this boy had been bitten by one out there. He was quite a fisherman and they sent him to the hospital and ... about three months, I believe, wasn't it, Brother Fred, he'd laid in the hospital? He was then---a great big brace under his leg---walking around. They thought he'd lose his leg if he didn't lose his life. He was very bad. Well, the Lord had blessed me, and I had caught, oh, the bass, great big ones, and I was so happy about it. And I had a big one on the line that I couldn't even hold him. And he'd jump, and you had to hold him up on a pole, and he'd shake the bait out of his mouth. And I'd throw that little popper back and he got it the third time. Well, everybody had throwed their pole down and run up there, and I said, "I just can't hold him."

**10** So, I let him rest a little bit and tried it again. And another one, that would have weighed twelve, fourteen pounds, and this one looked about ten or eleven pounds, and I was holding him on. I said, "That's not him." But when I got him played out, and was bringing him up to the shore, Brother Evans there, with his trouser legs rolled up, and he isn't afraid of anything. And so, he said, "Wait a minute, Brother Branham," lot of pads and things, said, "I'll take him off for you." And I said, "Oh, that's all right." Said, "I'll just drag him in. If he gets off, we don't care." So, he said, "I'll get him."

**11** He just stepped in and about that time a little old ground rattler was laying there on one of those pads, caught him right in the foot. I never heard a man scream so in my life. And, when he jumped out of the water and grabbed his leg and fell over on the bank like that ... oh, it just paralyzes you, just in a moment. I grabbed his foot, looked, and just about a inch apart was two holes and blood oozing out of them. I grabbed my gun and looked for the rattler, and I see him going down through the weeds like that. I couldn't even shoot him and he was gone. I thought, "Oh, my." And nobody there was with me at that time that could help me. Little Billy Paul was there. And, I'd had to pack him on my back for about two miles through them jungles and ... just water, and up almost sometimes pretty near over knee deep, and he weighs about, almost two hundred. So, I knowed I'd ... be hard to pull him through that.

**12** So, I thought, "What can we do?" And, he was just gritting his teeth, catching his breath, going "Shush, shush." And the tears running down his cheek and he said, "Brother Branham, my leg is paralyzed." It goes right straight to the bone, you know. Said, "My leg is paralyzed." Just holding his teeth like that, said, "Feels like it's froze all the way down through." I thought, "Oh, mercy, what can I do?" And, just then I heard that scripture, "They shall tread on the heads of serpents and scorpions. Nothing in no wise shall bother them." So, I just took off my hat and I said, "Now, try to be just as easy as you can, Brother Welsh, so I can hold my hands over this bite." And the heavenly Father knows it's true.

**13** And, then when I put my hand up on his foot there, and I said, "Father, You are a very present help in a time of trouble and You never fail us, and our brother is bitten by this serpent, and it's written in your Word that 'They shall tread on the heads of serpents and scorpions and nothing shall harm them.' And it says, 'If they take up a serpent it shall not harm them.' He was trying to help me and this evil serpent grabbed him. Now, You're Lord Jesus on this bank here a-fishing. If You wasn't, I'd never go fishing. And I know You're here. And I ask You to be merciful to us and take away this serpent poison from his leg." And, I stopped praying and I didn't hear him suffering anymore. And when I got through praying he was sitting there laughing. He said, "Brother Branham, I haven't got a pain." Said, "It's all gone."

**14** And he got up and walked around. About eleven o'clock that evening ... I'd caught eleven bass that weighed average of nearly twelve pounds a-piece. And I got them in and they was coming around taking pictures of them at a tourist court there. And his brother came up. So, we got to testifying about it, and his brother, a sinner, said ... had been in the hospital, you see. It's good to be a Christian, see. "They that believe shall tread on the heads of scorpions and serpents." Didn't say nothing about the unbeliever, see. But, this man was a believer. And his brother said ... and he showed him the places there where ... He said, "Now look, Brother, it's good to be religious, but not good to be crazy. He said, "You'd better get to the hospital just as quick as you can." Said, "Get some serum in you because if you don't," he said, "you may be crippled the rest of your life and you may die at any time."

```
Luke 10:19 Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.

```
**15** He said, "That happened this morning about ten o'clock. And this is after eleven tonight. If the serum God give me this morning that stopped the pain held this long, it'll keep me on." So, it's still holding. That's been months and months and months ago. No evil effect. Just to show that He is still the Lord God. So wonderful. I know this... I'm taking time, and we don't want to stay too long, and I'm just going to speak for a few moments. But, I just got one more request I'd like to ask. One thing, before I ask this very special request ... it'll, perhaps this next year I'll be much overseas, the Lord willing. For I feel that if there is a this year and I live to see it---this coming year---I'll be making up my itinerary right away now. Christmas week's when we pray over all the requests and see where the Lord will lead us. And I'll probably be before witch doctors and everything as usual when we go overseas. Can I ask you to pray for me?

**16** I want to say that this has been one of the most outstanding meetings that I have ever been in. The strangest thing happened. I love the people at Shreveport. I'm your associate pastor, you know. But I had not been here for about five years, and just going just as hard as I could go day and night. And about two months ago I started ... Shreveport come upon my heart and I just couldn't even rest day and night. And even brought to... One day I was sitting there thinking so hard about it, I started weeping. Mede said, "What's the matter?" I said, "I'm just so hungry to see Shreveport." She said, "Well, what's the matter?" I said, "Mede, maybe something's wrong down there. Think we should call?"

**17** And "Oh," she said, "if they're ... I think if there was, they would call you, Bill." Said, "You know how the Lord's always showed you when Sister Moore was dying and you was on your road there and how you got out and prayed and different things, and how ... things that He's done." Said, "Has He showed you anything?" I said, "No." Well, said, "If there was anything happened, they'd call you." Said, "If you go calling like that, it might upset them and think that something's going to happen." So said, "why don't you just leave it alone?" "Well," I said, "I just can't keep from praying somehow ... I just get so lonesome." And, I met Brother Jack and he said, "Well, getting lonesome to see you." The first thing you know, Sister Moore had been on her face for a long time praying, and God had showed her this coming meeting.

**18** Then I'd already made arrangements with some Baptist people for the time. And when Brother Moore said it was this time, I went down and asked them and ... it's the pastor ... or the church that I used to pastor at Milltown, Indiana, the Milltown Baptist Church. They sure never want to give that annually thing up on Thanksgiving, but, I said, "Brethren, the Lord is leading me to Shreveport. Why, I don't know. But, I must go to Shreveport." They said, "Well, if that's the case, go ahead, and the Lord be with you." I'm sure glad that I got to come. Been a outstanding thing to me how the Lord has blessed nightly and has done great things.

**19** There's one thing that I have to find out about before I leave or I won't feel too satisfied. Billy, Loyce, and them's constantly saying to me, "You don't come at the right time." Well, I don't know why. So, tonight Billy says, "The reason is," said, "Sister Anna Jean had made a song, wrote a song about ... 'I Love You, Jesus,' or something." I wonder if I could hear a little chorus of that before I preach. Would you like that ... enjoy it with me? What is that song? "Thank You, Jesus," that's it, that's it, "Thank You, Jesus." I'd like to hear it. Would you like to hear it with me? Only just a few minutes. [Break in tape.] I'm going to write and tell Brother Outlaw he'd better practice on that, "Up, up, up." Keep that going, Sister Anna Jean. That's fine. She's a spokesman and auditor and I don't know what all, and now she's a poet, song writer. That's beautiful.

**20** And Brother Moore was just telling me how he come. He'd brought me a mighty long ways from Thailand. That's very fine. You know, it takes the heart to cry out after something to make it real, see, that's it, when the heart's crying out. Well, I just thank you for all your cooperation, for everything that you've done. God bless you. And, pray for me now. And we're going to pray for the sick just in a few moments. And I got some handkerchiefs here to pray over. And a colored lady told me that she had a handkerchief in here for a loved one and is sitting next to a lady... You know anyone ... come look up in there, you can't tell whether those people are colored or white from here. That's right. But the Holy Spirit had them people out here walking out here before me, and that's the reason I knowed they were colored people. Someone said, "Now, how could you see them up in there?"

**21** And I said, "I didn't see them. I see them out here." See, that's right. Out here is where it was at. And they were sitting there with faith believing, and God performed the work, that's all. That's all it takes: just have faith and believe. And now, if anytime I can pray over a handkerchief or anything for you, just write me at Jeffersonville and I'll be glad to send it right back to you free of charge, cost nothing. And soon we got the books coming off and Brother Jack told me... I don't like to announce my own meetings somewhere like this. But now, if you got some loved ones that's around near Jeffersonville next week, beginning next Sunday at the Tabernacle next Sunday morning ... I take the first chapter of Revelations to give the setting, "The Unveiling of Revelations."

**22** Now, the revelation in the Greek word means like taking the cloth off of a statue, the unveiling it, see. And that's the unveiling of Jesus Christ in the seven church ages. And I'm writing a little commentary on it. I can't write it, of course, but I just have to speak it under the inspiration as I receive it and then, of course, they'll magnetic tape it; and then from there, it'll go to shorthand, shorthand to print. And now, we'll have the tapes and we'll also have it in book form pretty soon, the Lord willing. And maybe next time I come down we'll have them. So, if you're around there, any of your loved ones, tell them to drop in. Now, we're trying to get enough room to take care of the people, because ... they just announced right there but we've already heard, I forget, for how many states around, you see, that people are coming in; already got reservations, staying the week like that.

**23** Monday night will be on the Ephesus church and then Smyrna and Sardis and on down, Thyatira, on down to Sunday morning, a week, I'll be speaking on the Laodicean church. And in between there, how that there's an open door set between the Philadelphian and the Laodicean church age. And that's the door we want to speak of on that service. Now, the Lord bless, and you be praying for me. Now, before we approach the great Word, the Word of God, the infallible Word... My faith is built solemnly upon this Word. When this Word says it, then I just believe it. I don't try to add anything to it or take anything away from it. And this morning I might have to apologize to these, some of these fine people here, about some of those rude remarks about mules being illegitimate. But, I didn't mean to be rude or sacrilegious, but I was just trying to make a point. You understand, don't you?

```
Revelation 3:8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

```
**24** Anything... A mule---oh, my, that's what man did, see. He can't come back. He can't go no farther. He don't know who his papa, mama... He's just without hope, that's all. That's all. He can never reproduce himself again. So he just ... but, you know, if anything, he doesn't have no ... he'll wait all of his lifetime to get to kick you just before he dies and kill you if he can. He sure will do it. He'll just wait all of his lifetime, laying back, just waiting, "I'll get you around behind me someday." And that's just the way a lot of people in churches like that. That's right. "Oh, I'll pat you on the back until I get a chance to cut your throat," see. But, you know, I like a horse (don't you?) oh, especially a pedigreed horse---one that knows his ancestors, who they are, where they come from. From papa, mama, grandpapa, great-grandpapa, great-great-grandpapa on way back, he knows his line of blood. You can put some confidence in him.

**25** That's the way it is with a Christian, it's a ... I like a pedigree Christian, a Holy Ghost born Christian; not out of some creed, but he knows what blood stream he's from. He's genuine, pedigreed, Pentecostal throughout, borned of the Holy Ghost. All the way back to Pentecost, his experience. I like that, a pedigreed Christian. He knows where he come from. He knows who his papa is, who his mama is, who his Saviour is, and who his God is. Amen. A real pedigreed Christian. I like that. And so, that's the difference ... a mule, he doesn't know. He just sticks his ears out and cannot learn nothing, knows nothing and ... He's a critter all right. Now, do you love the Word of the Lord? Oh, my, it's wonderful.

**26** Now, I'm going to speak tonight on divine healing, the Lord willing, a little along that line. But, let's turn now to Matthew the twelfth chapter for a little text. And then from this draw a context, the Lord willing. Matthew the twelfth chapter. And now, let's start reading at the thirty-eighth verse of Matthew, the twelfth chapter, to you who are taking down the text, as many times people in meetings do. They take the text down and keep it kind of in their mind. Then when they get the tapes, they rehearse it and so forth. Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee. But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall be no sign given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas: For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. The queen of the south shall rise ... in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. Let's bow our heads, now, while we speak to the author.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Matthew 12:41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

```
**27** Gracious Lord, these words were copied by the scribe Matthew. It's your own Word. And we know thy Word is life. It is condemnation to the unbeliever and life to him that believeth. We pray, Lord, if there be any unbelievers, that they will become believers, tonight. If there is any sick, may they be healed. If there's any weary, may they be made happy. With no joy, joy all run out of their wells, may the love of God plaster up that well again and a rain of God pour into it. Grant it, Lord. Forgive us of our trespasses as we have forgive those who has trespassed against us. And we would ask, Lord, that You would receive us as your servants, and we pray that You'll give us a great climax to this few days of conference and meetings here. How we thank You for what's already been done!

**28** And now, we ask that there will not be one feeble person left in our midst, spiritually feeble or physically feeble. May the power that raised Jesus Christ from the grave come into every heart tonight. Give deliverance from sin and unbelief. Give deliverance from sickness and affliction. And may we lay every little ought to aside, look straight to Calvary now and receive God's blessings. I believe that this meeting was ordained of You. And I believe that things will come from this meeting that we do not understand as yet; but in the days that is to come, that we will see that this meeting was brought by the manifold wisdom of God. Missionaries will be leaving from here. Be with them, Lord. Calls has been given to people. Great signs and wonders of the risen Lord has been done. Spirits that were on men in the days gone by, that You have used, has manifested themselves among us, especially the Holy Ghost.

**29** Father, we pray that You will bless Brother Moore, Sister Moore, and all that's connected with this tabernacle. Guide and direct them. Every minister, missionary, or what, in this building tonight, or has been in here, may they have received something that'll inspire them to move on swiftly, for the hour is approaching. Then the time will come where there will be no more work that we can do. Soon it will be cut off from us, as we see the fruit a-dwindling, the vine being purged. I pray, Father, that You will grant these blessings. Through Jesus Christ, our Lord, we ask it in his name. Amen. I want to use five words for a text, "The Queen of the South." Someone might say, "Well, isn't that kind of a small text for your closing service?" Yes, it's kind of a small text, that is true. But, it's out of the Bible. That's what makes it good. See, it isn't the size of it; it's the quality of it. Not the quantity; it's quality.

**30** As I've often said... A little friend, one time searching in an attic, got in an old trunk and found a little postage stamp that ... and he thought he'd get a nickel out of it for ice cream. And he'd taken it to the stamp collector and he gave him a dollar. That satisfied the little boy. And so, the stamp collector sold it for hundreds of dollars, and now, I think, it goes into hundreds times hundreds of dollars---a little old yellow stamp. Now, as far as the paper, it wasn't worth nothing. But, it's what was on the paper that means.

**31** Now, "The Queen of the South" is just five words. And it isn't the paper it's written on; it's the value of the word that's written on the paper. The whole Bible was give to me by Brother Kidson many years ago. And the Bible probably cost about twenty-five dollars, a Scofield Bible. But, it's ... this here will expel either life or death to us. And in that is a pardon for every man that will hear it. And it's a condemnation to those who does not hear it. One time the great Abraham Lincoln was called to a ... act. A man was sentenced to death, to die under a firing squad for a military desertment or something he had ... what they call "run over the hill" or done some military offense. And he was sentenced to die. And the man was just nervous and afraid, and he was sentenced though, by some cruel generals or something, that he was to die.

**32** A good friend of his rushed to Mr. Lincoln. And as he was going from his carriage into his room, he told him, "This man is a good man. He's even a Christian man; and, Mr. Lincoln, you are a Christian. And he's going to die, he's going to die tomorrow morning before a firing squad. Sir, you being a Christian and know this man's condition ... he didn't mean to violate any laws; he was afraid when he got in battle. You're the only one can save him." Mr. Lincoln just jerked up a piece of paper and wrote on there, "Pardoned. Abraham Lincoln." Sent it back. And so, when he come to the prison cells where his friend was waiting, he said, "Oh, thanks be to God, you are pardoned. Mr. Lincoln pardons you."

**33** So he looks around, he looks at the paper, he said, "Why would you make fun of me now when I'm fixing to die under a firing squad?" Said, "That isn't Abraham Lincoln." Said, "That isn't his signature. If I had a pardon from Abraham Lincoln," said, "why it would be written and sealed and everything." He said, "No, that ain't on the right kind of paper." Said, "I won't receive that." The next morning the man died as it was sentenced to die. Now, here this man holds a pardon by Abraham Lincoln not to shoot him, and then he was shot. It was tried in federal courts and here was their decision: A pardon is not a pardon unless it be received as a pardon. That's the Word of God. It's healing to those who can receive it as healing but not healing to those who cannot receive it as healing. It's a pardon of sin to those who believe that they are forgiven of sin, but it's no good to those who won't receive it that way.

**34** The promise of the Holy Ghost is an assurance to you that you'll get it if you receive it that way. It depends on your attitude towards the Word. The Word is the ... not the paper, it's just a book, but it's Christ made manifest on paper. That's what it is. "God in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God, and the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us," see. And His words are spirit and life. We must receive His Word just like it was He Himself. When I see his promise, to me, that's Christ. I embrace it. He can't lie. To me that's exactly the truth, see. I might not know how to take ahold of it, but it's the truth. And I hold right with it because it's Christ to me.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John 6:63 It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.

```
**35** In our text tonight we find Jesus upbraiding and rebuking a bunch of people who had refused to believe that He was the Messiah. Though He had done many messianic signs among the people, and they had called Him, just the previous two verses behind this, Beelzebub. And He said, "If you call me an evil name, I'll forgive you. You see me do..." Let me kind of interpret it this way so you'll get what I mean. "You call me, when I show you the works of God, you call me Beelzebub." Now, Beelzebub is like a fortune teller or devil. "You call me Beelzebub. I'll forgive you for that, see. But, some day the Holy Ghost is coming to do the same thing. And you speak against that, it'll never be forgiven in this world, or neither in the world that is to come." There's the seriousness of what we're going through with today. Oh, and He upbraided them because they had not received Him after He had done the works of God and showed that He was the Messiah. Now, if He spoke those words, they are absolutely the truth.

```
Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

```
**36** Then in this day that we live in, where the Holy Spirit has come, and doing the same works over again... You see where we stand tonight? It's a horrible thing to think that people today will still call the work of God the devil. And Jesus was upbraiding them. Now, if we'll go back a little bit in the Bible, we'll find out that God in all ages, at all times, has had gifts in his church. There never has been a time but what God... When He comes into his church, supernatural things take place. I know I'm speaking to historians. Brother Moore's one as good as I ever knowed of, hisself. And any time that the church ever had a revival, always the sign of supernatural is in the meeting. God heals the sick, speaks with tongues, and does other miracles and signs, every time they've ever had a revival. And even previous to the coming of Christ, every time that God sent a superna... or a move among the people, the signs of supernatural was among them.

**37** So, you see, we're evangelical, we believe, we absolutely believe that God lives in his church and in his people. We believe that. And He shows the sign of the joy and power of the King in the camp. So, through the ages they'd had all kinds of signs. And He referred to some of them here. One of them He said, "As it was in Jonas' time..." Called him Jonah. Now, many people condemns poor old Jonah. And Jonah was a prophet. But, I always felt sorry for him, because so many in this day condemn Jonah and say he was out of the will of the Lord. So, I'm going to take up for Jonah and say he wasn't out of the will of the Lord. You watch and see. Now, we're going to take his life for a few moments and examine it.

**38** Jonah was on his way to Nineveh, of course. And the Bible says that the footsteps of the righteous is ordered of the Lord. Then Jonah could not have done anything, being a prophet, without God leading him. I've done things myself and so have you. You thought it was silly to really, what you thought was right, but, come to find out, it was just exactly right. See, God always does that because He leads the righteous. You just go the way the Spirit leads. And, Jonah got in trouble out on the sea, and we know how the story goes that he was tied hands and foot and throwed out of the ship and a fish come along and picked him up, as we call the whale. And he went down in the bottom of the sea after eating Jonas, or swallowing him up. And he got down in the bottom of the sea. And so they...

```
Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

Jonah 1:15 So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.

Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

```
**39** That's a story that always baffles science, because science says that the whale's swallow isn't big enough to take a man in. But, if you notice, the Bible said that God prepared this one. This was a special kind of a fish. God---He's Jehovah-jireh. He can provide anything He wants to do because He's God. Abraham called Him "Jehovah-jireh" because He spoke that sacrifice into existence. He's still Jehovah-jireh. He can provide what He wishes and He prepared this fish. A little girl, happy, one time coming from church with her Bible, she was going on. An infidel met her and said, "What you so happy about?" Said, "I just got saved. Jesus is in my heart." Said, "Nonsense." Said, "What you holding there, a Bible?" Said, "Yes." Said, "I guess you believe that story about the whale and Jonah?" Said, "Oh, yes, I believe it, every word. What God says is the truth." He said, "Well, how you going to prove it, otherwise than faith?" She said, "When I get to heaven, I'll ask Jonas." (That's right.) He said, "Then what if Jonas isn't there?" Said, "Then you ask him." That's a good idea, huh? "You ask him." All right.

```
Genesis 22:14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.

```
**40** God always has the answer if you'll just open your mouth when He opens it. God made a special fish for Jonah and he swallowed him. I believe it, every word of it. And he went down into the sea. And a fish, when it feeds... Feed your little goldfish, you'll notice him, he goes right down to the bottom, rests his little swimmers on the bottom of the fish bowl. Did you ever feed him? Get his little belly full, he goes right down, rests at the bottom of the fish bowl. A fish does that. After he goes out and feeds, he comes right back over the nest and rests. Well, this whale that swallowed this prophet went down to the bottom of the sea to rest. And, you know, with Jonah wallowing around in that vomit, down there in the bottom of the sea... And I always thought... People say, "Well, my arm is no better." And "My foot's no better." "I don't feel any better." You'll never feel any better looking at that. You're looking at your symptoms. Long as you look at your symptoms you're not going to see nothing else but your symptoms. It depends on what you're looking at.

```
Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

Jonah 2:1 Then Jonah prayed unto the LORD his God out of the fish's belly,

Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

Jonah 2:8 They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.

```
**41** Now, look at Jonah. Now, he was in a critical shape. There's nobody here in this tabernacle that bad off, tonight. He was in the belly of the whale. If he looked this way, it was a whale's belly; everywhere he looked, it was a whale's belly. And, he said, "They are lying vanities. Once more will I look to your holy temple." For he knowed that when Solomon dedicated that temple... Why, he prayed and said, "Lord, if thy people be in trouble anywhere and look towards this holy temple and pray, then you hear from heaven." And, he believed the prayer of Solomon would be answered. So, God made that sick fish turn right around and take Jonah to the landing. Now, if Jonah, under those circumstances, could look to a temple that was built by man, Solomon, that later backslid (a earthly temple, and a prayer of an ordinary man) and God could do a miracle like that for him, how much more can He do for you and I when we refuse to look at our conditions? And once more will I look to the holy temple, where Jesus sits at the right hand of the majesty on high, making intercession upon our confession. Amen. How can we look at a symptom? I look at Jesus. Not what this looks like, but what that says. Look at Calvary. Look what a price was paid for it. Person come, said, "I'm too low down, Brother Branham. God never saved me." Don't look how bad you are; look how good He is. Don't never look at yourself; look at Him. The priests never did see the one that the sacrifice was made for.

```
1 Kings 8:30 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

```
**42** As Brother Bosworth used to say about his little mule, said, "A mule would be borned and his ears was dropped down and his tail sticking up and his knees bowed and his eyes crossed." Said, "Well, if he could talk, he'd say, 'Well, when they came out, they'll knock me in the head because ... they won't feed me. I ain't worth feeding.'" But, if his mammy was well instructed, she'd say, "Son, you don't have to worry. You were borned under a birthright. There'll have to be a lamb without a blemish die for you so that you can live." And, that's exactly right. The priest never saw the mule. He didn't examine the mule; he examined the lamb. Not the blemish on the mule, the blem... if there's any blemish on the lamb. So, if you can't find any blemish on Him, what you worrying about then? It's not you; it's Him. God don't look at you, He looks at Him. You see it? See it, Sister? You see it, Brother, sitting here? You see it? It's not you He's looking at; He's looking at Christ. That's the sacrifice. He looks at the sacrifice.

**43** So, Jonah (to continue with him)... We notice that the people of Nineveh was very wicked. I'm told they were idolaters and they worshipped animals. And the god of the sea was the whale and their occupation was fishing. So, when all the men went to work that morning, a city the size of St. Louis, about, went out into the sea with their boats, here come the sea god rolling into the bank, licked out his tongue for a gang plank, here come the prophet, walking right out of his mouth. No wonder they repented, see. Yes. Sure. They repented because their god had put forth a prophet by a supernatural sign. Amen. No wonder He said they'd condemn this generation---the people in Jonas' time.

```
Jonah 2:10 And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.

```
**44** I want to drop this a little bit, too, while we're going along, if it'd be good to you. Watch. He said, "And the people of Nineveh shall rise in this generation and condemn it because they repented at the preaching of Jonah, and a greater than Jonah is here." Now watch, when they'd asked Him, He said, "There will be..." Said, "Give us a sign," after so many things He'd done. See that devil? Just like he said, "Perform a miracle here and turn these stones into bread." Or, put a rag around his face and hit Him on the head and said, "Tell us who hit you, we'll believe it. You're a prophet, tell us who hit You." That same devil will do the same... "Heal this one here. Let me see you heal him." See that? That's that same devil living in religious people. "Let me see you perform a miracle. I know Old Man So-and-so, sells pencils down here on the corner, has been crippled. Let me see you divine healers heal him." Just remember, that's the devil, see.

```
Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

```
**45** We don't clown for them. God never, Jonas ... no one else does. They just ... let them alone! They be blind leading the blind. So just ... don't say nothing to them, just keep moving on. We got more that believes it than to fool with unbelievers. But watch, Jesus said, "A evil and an adulterous generation will seek after a sign. And they will receive no sign but the sign of Jonah, for Jonas was in the belly of the whale three days and three nights; so the Son of man must be in the heart of the earth three days and three nights."

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

```
**46** Notice. Now get it. What kind of a generation? A wicked, evil, adulterous gen... He was speaking of this generation or any generation that would say, "Perform me a sign. Show..." That's what they was telling Him. Now, these guys today that don't believe in divine healing and don't believe in miracles, that's asking, "Let me see you heal this one. Let me see you heal that one." The Bible said, "They would get a sign." What kind of a sign would it be? The sign of the resurrection. Hallelujah! We have it. Amen! It's here now! Jesus Christ has raised from the dead and is alive after two thousand years showing Himself among us. A wicked and adulterous, evil generation---adulterous generation---that's this generation. Like Sodom, we've come back to it again. He said, "That generation will seek after a sign and they will have a sign. The sign will be the resurrection." You get it? And now they call it, to make ... standing farther away from God they say, "It's the devil. It's mind reading. It's telepathy or something," not knowing that it's the resurrection of Jesus Christ among his people. Glory! Oh, as it was in the days of Jonas, see, many.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

```
**47** Now, we come to Solomon. In the days of Solomon, any Bible reader knows that that was the golden age of Israel. That was their best days they ever had. That was their amateur millennium. Everything prospered under Solomon. Why? When God gives a gift to a people or a nation ... or a people, and those people will recognize that gift, it's a golden age for them. If they turn it down, it's chaos for them. That's the reason He kept saying, "A greater than Solomon is here." And they were turning it down. Well, let's take Solomon for a few moments. Solomon was given a gift of discernment and all Israel rallied around it. Everybody believed it. Why, he had a gift of discernment and he could discern for the people. And everybody was one heart and one accord around the great gift of God. Praise God, great Jehovah! They sang the songs, they built the temple, they done great things because they were happy. Jehovah had put a gift of discernment in one man, Solomon. And they was all happy about it.

```
Matthew 12:41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

Luke 11:32 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

```
**48** Oh, if America tonight would rally around the gift of God, it'd be a golden age, it'd be a millennium for us here. What if we'd rally around the gift of God (that's the Holy Ghost, of course) all America would rally around the gift that God sent to us, the Holy Ghost, it'd be a time that they'd break down every wall of partition between Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Pentecostal. And we'd have a golden age, and the power of God would sweep this nation from sea to shining sea. Every nation under heaven would fear us. That's the best protection we have: God's protection. We don't have to build atomic bombs, race Russia in missile race. Just come back to God. Accept the gift that He give us. But, they won't do it. Why, you can't get many of the Pentecostal brethren to do it, let alone Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Catholic, Lutheran, so forth. Can't get many to believe it. They don't rally around it. What's left then? Chaos! God sends it, it's up to you to receive it.

**49** Now, when that gift was received, all the people in one accord... Why, everybody passed through there, they'd tell them, "Oh, before you leave you must go up... You've heard of our God; our God is Jehovah, great Jehovah, who made the heavens and earth. Oh, before you leave our nation, you must stay long enough to see one of the meetings. Oh, you'd be surprised to see how the great power of God comes upon a man. And watch how he discerns the cases between right and wrong for the people. Why, you should see it. It's wonderful." Well, people would come by and see it, and oh, my, their hearts was all lit up and gone. Nobody'd talk and say, "Nah, I don't believe that, uh-uh. That ain't of God." Everybody was one heart around it.

**50** If the people that's called by the name of Jesus Christ, if the people that's called the Christian church, just them people alone, would assemble themselves together and pray and accept the gift that God has sent us, there wouldn't be one foul word about the thing. Why, there'd be such a wonderful outpouring of the Holy Ghost. The nations would hear it---headlines, television news. It'd go around the world, if we could just get it, but they won't do it. Then, what's left? An atomic bomb waits for us (that's all), for the unbeliever. Jesus waiting for us (thank the Lord) is the way out. "As many as received Him, to them gave He the power to become sons of God"---them that believed on his name.

```
John 1:12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

```
**51** Now, Solomon ... we find out then that people was talking everywhere. Then the news ... they didn't have televisions then and newspapers; it was from lip to ear. And every time people would go into another nation, they'd bring in the news, "Oh, God, the great Jehovah God of the Jews. Why, them people are one accord and they built a big temple. You never seen such splendor. You never seen such unity. You never seen such power. And God has visited a man there and they've made him their king." (We can't even make one like that a pastor.) Said, "We make him a king and, oh, what a great power that God's using ... that fellow Solomon up there. God is doing a great thing."

**52** Now, the news kept spreading till one day it got way down into Sheba. Now, that's a long ways down there. And caravans would come through, you know, and they would ... as they come in, every traveler coming through, of course they would come in to see the heads of the nations. [Break in tape.] "... the man, but you should see the great Spirit upon him. I never seen such discernment. Oh, it's infallible. Every time exactly the truth. You should see it. I never seen anything like it." She begin to hunger, begin to thirst. Oh, I love that: thirsty. Oh, when you're thirsting, it's something about it. You can't talk to a man about water until he gets thirsty. But, when he gets thirsty, he's going to drink from somewhere; he's thirsting.

**53** Here some time ago I was reading in Psalms 63. David said, "Because thy loving kindness is better to me than life, I will praise thy name." I thought, "What did David mean? Life. That's the greatest thing there is." So, there must be different interpretations of life. Now, some people thinks life is drinking and carousing and going around. But that kind of life has heartaches to it. It finally ... there's no ... that ain't the kind of life that David was talking about. Now, sometimes that kind of a life will make you take a pistol and blow your brains out, jump off of a bridge and commit suicide. People think because ... "Boy, if I could just make a million dollars, that would really be life." No, that's death.

```
Psalm 63:3 Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee.

```
**54** Here some time ago I was with Brother Sothmann in a great church, the arena, up in Canada at a certain big city. And it was going pretty good till the Americans come up. And they come up there, some kind of a lodge. And that night when I got on the elevator, coming home from the meeting, there was enough whiskey bottles on there to make a case or two of whiskey. And I said to the little boy was taking me up, I said, "What's that?" He said, "They're from across the line up here." Said, "Some kind of a society is having a ... some lodge is having their jubilee here." Said, "It's been horrible." Said, "Are you Brother Branham?" I said, "I am." I said, "It makes me kind of ashamed to be an American." He said, "Well, they have it here too." So, I went on up and got off the elevator. And when I got off the elevator, I heard something up the other end of the room ... long hall in this big hotel. I looked up there, and here was two women coming down through there just about twenty-five, thirty years old, just with their underneath clothes on. And men pulling after them like that. They had a bottle of whiskey in their hand, and both of them with wedding bands on. Their husband, baby sitting, perhaps, at home. Oh, they was just having a little clean fun. No wonder we're doomed. Maybe belonged to a Sunday school somewhere, or a Sunday school teacher.

**55** Then they come down, and these guys so drunk, crawling on their knees trying to grab them and pull what little clothes they had on off. And they come down there and they got away from them. I stepped back into the little hall in a shadow and one of them took this whiskey and took a big drink like that and give it to the other one, and she pulled up her little underneath skirt and said, "Whoopee, this is life." I stood there a little bit. I walked out, I said, "I beg your pardon; that's death." She said, "Have a drink." I caught them by the hand. And I said, "Looky here at the wedding rings. Aren't you ashamed of yourself? Even if you would be no more than an American citizen, it's a disgrace to our country and our flag and what our forefathers established this nation to be. I'm an American, too. I'm a gospel preacher." And they started jumping and pulling and jumping and snorting and kicking at me and everything else and got away and down the hall they went.

**56** That isn't life, that's death. What makes a... What would a beautiful young woman want to do a thing like that? What would a man, maybe with his wife home baby sitting, too, and him up there pulling after her, another man's wife. Why do they drink? What causes people to sin? Is because they're thirsty. That's right. When God made a human heart, He made a little place in there for Himself. He made you so you'd thirst. Not thirst for that, but thirst for Him. How dare a man or a woman, citizen of any country, to try to quench that holy thirst with the things of the world. That's the reason they do it because ... you don't need another drink, you don't need a cigarette, you smokers, you don't need another drink, you people who drink, you don't need another party, you need God is what you need, to thirst for righteousness. God made that place and made you to thirst. That's part of you. He made that little place in your heart to throne Himself and to satisfy your thirsting.

**57** It won't do you any good. It'll make you a dope addict or something else and you'll never be satisfied, and it will not be satisfied till you find the thing that it was made for. You're hybreeding something again, trying to give something there that God made for Himself, and that's what makes a person thirst. This little queen, how much difference... She was thirsting because her little humble heart was looking for God. Now, after awhile it got to be so many coming till she thought, "Well, I'm going up to find out for myself." Now, there's a good idea. She could teach American women how to live. See, Americans will sit at home and "Oh, well, Dr. So-and-so said it wasn't right." They'll sit home.

**58** This woman didn't care what Dr. So-and-so said. She was thirsting to find out for herself and she was determined to go. She had a lot to confront her. Remember, she was a pagan. She'd have to go ask her pagan priest if she could go. Let's take a trip with her. I hear her go down and say, "Holy Reverend Father, is it possible that you could excuse me as a queen? I hear they have a great revival going on up here in the next nation. That God ... their God has come down and has anointed the people till they're all in one accord. He's put his Spirit upon a man. He's showing great discernments. Oh, Holy Father, would you excuse me from the church so I can go?"

**59** "Now, my daughter, you must remember who you are. You have great prestige. Your mother went to this church. Your father went to this church. You grandfather and grandmother and their grandfather and grandmother went to this church. I know there's no such thing as that. Don't you be carried away with some of that fanaticism." You know, people die but spirits don't. So, they still live on, have the same attitude. So, "Don't you hang around that bunch. They must be holy rollers up there. Don't you listen to them. Now, if there's anything going on like that, it'd happen in our church, see. It would be down here with us," they'd say, "that's the way it would be," see.

**60** So then, the first thing, you know, she said, "But look, Sir..." Let's listen what she said, "But look, Sir, all I've heard of, my great-grandmother and mother and so forth, is all just a bunch of creeds and things that you're reciting here, looking at some kind of an idol, and we never seen one move yet. I've never seen nothing but a bunch of people that lives like the world coming here and reciting creeds and going back. And I've seen no supernatural sign of any life in any idol or in the church. And they tell me that they got the article, that God lives with them. I'm going anyhow." Amen. I like that. You let God go to dealing with the heart, there ain't enough priests in the world to keep them away from it, enough fanatics either to keep them away from it. They're coming anyhow, when God goes to dealing with the human heart. I can see her turn, go out of the church. Now remember, she was a woman to begin with, a little lady that had to go. Now, remember, she said this too, she said, "Now, I'm going up there to see about it. The first thing I'd better do would buy a lot of Jewish scrolls and see what kind of a God Jehovah is." It's a good idea. "Search the scriptures, for in them, they are they that testify of me." All right.

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**61** Then she searched the scrolls and found out all that was on the scrolls, how Jehovah was, what his nature was, what He did. That's a good thing for every Bible reader. When you come to a meeting and can't understand it, see if it's with the Scripture. If it ain't scriptural, throw the thing away. If it fits the Scripture, receive it. That's right. Do what Jesus said do. Then she bought the scrolls and she read them over. She said, "Well, I know the scrolls speak that He's that kind of ... the prophets all say that He's that kind of a God, and He is a God of that type. So, I'm going up there and I'm going to take a lot of money with me. If it is the truth, I'll support it. If it isn't the truth, then I'm not going to support it. I'll bring my money back." That would be a good lesson for a lot of Americans. If the American people would support that which is right, that which proves to be God... But, they support everything else but that nearly. I guess it just has to be that way.

**62** Now remember, she saddled up her camels and took a few maids with her and the eunuchs from the temple, and she started off on her journey. Now remember, she didn't have to go just across the street; she had hundreds of miles through the Sahara Desert, not in an air-conditioned Cadillac but on the back of a camel. No wonder Jesus said, "She'll rise on the day of judgment and condemn this generation." Some people won't walk across the street to see one of the meetings, and she come from the utmost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Solomon, and "Behold a greater than Solomon is here." Solomon's God is with us (sure) doing the same thing He did in Solomon's days. No wonder Jesus said she'd rise in the judgment and condemn this generation. And another thing, she had lots of money, myrrh, and frankincense. Oh, there's no way to enumerate the price, tens of thousands of dollars worth of it. Now, she had to cross the desert. Ishmael's children was out there on the desert and they were robbers.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**63** But you know, there's something about it, when your heart goes to hungering for God, you know no fear. You just keep on going anyhow, you don't think about it. What Mama going to say, what Papa going to say, what so-and-so's going to say, what my boss is going to say, you just keep moving on. When you begin to hunger and thirst for God, something begins to come. You go on after it anyhow. She started across the desert, perhaps had to travel by night because the daytime would be so hot; them direct rays of that sun down there on that Sahara Desert would burn the hide off of you nearly. And you know how long it takes to cross ... what time for them to cross that desert? Ninety days, three months. But, there was something dragging her, pulling her.

```
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

```
**64** Oh, God. "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for they shall be filled." Hungering and thirsting. Oh, till you get thirsty, you can't talk about it to you. But, when you go to thirsting, you're ready then. She wasn't thinking about Ishmael's children, God would protect that. If this God was God, He'd protect her. And she was on her road. Day in and ... daytime she'd lay around with her little maids along there and read these scrolls and say, "Is... That great sky. Did Jehovah make that? Did He do this? I'm going to find out. They say they got a sign there and I'm going to see if it's right."

**65** Finally, she arrived at the palace gates. When she finally got to the palace gates, she never come just to say, "I'm going in and sit down. And if that guy says one thing against our theology at our church, I'll get right up and stomp out of the building." No. That's the American attitude, you see, not hers. She come to sit there until she was fully convinced, typing it with the scriptures. She braced her tents and everything, got ready for the meeting. And I can imagine, the next morning she cleaned up in her best, her and her maids, and they went to the door, and all the choir sang the great psalms and the trumpets sounded and sacrifice was offered. All the preliminaries got out of the way and out on the platform come Solomon.

**66** She said, "Oh, there he is. That must be the guy that God's got anointed. Now, if this God ... now let me see, let me see, I've rehearsed all these prophets now. I see if it's right." First thing you know, they brought the first case up. And she found that Solomon's spirit of discernment was perfect. Day after day she watched it. Not a flaw in it nowhere. Her little heart begin to beat. After awhile it began to beat heavy. Finally, her prayer card was called and she come up. And when she got up there she stood before Solomon, she had a secret in her heart. And "Solomon," the Bible said, "told her all things, there was nothing kept back." God revealed everything to Solomon that she wanted to know. Is that right? That's the spirit of discernment. Sure,

```
1 Kings 10:3 And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the king, which he told her not.

2 Chronicles 9:2 And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.

```
**67** revealed it all to her. And when her prayer card was called and she got up there and Solomon revealed the whole thing to her by the Spirit of God, she turned to the audience and she said, "All that I have heard is the truth. And more than I've heard is the truth. It's greater than I thought." Why? She was standing in the presence of Jehovah. Hallelujah! Wish I could get that the way I see it. Oh, my. Do you realize when the Holy Spirit comes down and the power of God strikes the place, Jehovah is present? That same Jehovah.

**68** How can we sit still? What must we do? You see, we think, "Oh, if I was back there then..." You'd have felt the same way you do now. It's greater now than it is then because there it was on one man. Here it's on all people that will receive Him. It was for one man, Solomon. Now it's for whosoever will, let him come. Amen! A greater than Solomon is here, showing the sign of his resurrection. He was made flesh and died to take away your sins, rose again on the third day, come back in the form of the Holy Ghost, and the works that He did He's doing right among the people---the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah! I say, Hallelujah means "praise our God." Oh, yes, He's here. No wonder Jesus said, "She'll rise in the day of the judgment and condemn this generation:" Besides that, look what she said to Shreveport and a lot of these places, the Pentecostal churches. Not only that, but "Blessed is the ones that's with you, that stand and minister with you. Blessed are they. For they see these things happening day after day. Blessed are they. Blessed are the men that's with you, that stand by you, that see this gift-operating day after day."

```
1 Kings 10:8 Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.

2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Revelation 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

```
**69** Jesus said, "She'll rise in the judgment and condemn that generation." That's right, and condemn this generation. For, how much more will she condemn this one than to that one, because look at the much more light that we've got since that day; death, burial, resurrection, the Holy Ghost Hisself right with us. See what I mean? It's too common. That's what the Holy Spirit is to the Pentecostal people, it's too common. An old man, one time, lived in the interior, was on his road down to the sea shore. And he'd write books, and he'd often wrote of the sea, how beautiful it was. One day on his road down he went down to the sea shore and he met an old salt coming from the sea. And he said, "Where goest thou, my good man?" He said, "Oh, I'm going to the sea. I've never seen it in my life." And he said "I want to see it's big, briny white waves as they dash. I want to smell the salt air. I want to hear the cry of the seagulls." The old salt stood there and looked, chewed on his pipe stem a little bit. Said, "I was born on it. I've been on it for fifty years. I don't see nothing so thrilling about it." And went on. That's it. He was so used to it, it wasn't thrilling to him any more.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**70** That's what's the matter with the church today. You seen so much of it, it doesn't thrill you any more. The Holy Spirit's so good to visit you time after time after time after time, and we forget it. In Louisville, Kentucky, a few weeks ago there was a mother packing a little baby along. And she walking along there, and she was shaking little toys, you know, saying, "See, Darling? See, Darling?" Then she'd get something else, "See, Darling? See, Darling?" The little baby just kept staring. And after awhile it kind of disturbed the people in the store. Finally, she picked up a little bell a-jingle. She said, "Look, darling. Look. Look. Look. Look. Mommy's darling, look." And the little baby just stared out. And she fell across the counter

**71** and the people come to help her. They said, "What's the matter?" She said, "Oh, my little boy here, not long ago," said, "just started to staring right out in space." And said, "I took him to the doctor awhile ago and he said he was better, but he isn't." Said, "Nothing will attract him." Said, "Things that ought to attract a little boy his age, it doesn't attract him; and he just sits and stares in space." How true that is with the church today. God shook every kind of a gift He can before the church, and they still sit and stare, looking for something else. Hallelujah! That's right! God's going to get tired shaking gifts before you after a while; sit paralyzed. See an Oral Roberts and so forth healing the sick, and great signs and wonders of the resurrected Messiah. And the people sit, say, "Well, I don't know."

**72** It don't attract them any more, something has happened to their minds. It just seems like they're just mentally upset or spiritually upset. And their character, you can tell them about holiness and how to live. They don't pay no bit more attention to that than if you didn't even say it. It doesn't ... they don't realize that a son and daughter of God should act like a son and daughter of God. They should realize their position, not fuss and fight and stew and carry on, hold grudges.

**73** Here some time ago in the South here they used to sell the colored for slaves. And they'd sell them on the lots just like you would cars, used cars and get a bill of sale with them. Never was right. Then one day there was a broker came by and wanted to buy some slaves on a plantation. And they'd buy the big men and breed them to big women and make heavier slaves to pull their carts and plows and things and do their work. And one day a broker came by and he said, "How many slaves you got?" Said, "I got a hundred or two." Said, "Take a look at them." He noticed all of them. They was away from their homeland, and they'd had to whip them and everything to make them obey because they were sad. They knowed they'd never be back home no more. They'd have to die here in a strange land, and they never would be back home no more.

**74** But, they noticed one young man, they didn't have to whip him. Boy, he had his chest out, his chin up, he was always on the go. That broker said, "I'd like to buy that slave." He said, "But he's not for sale." Said, "Why isn't he for sale?" Said, "Is he the boss over the rest of them?" Said, "No, he's a slave." Said, "Do you feed him different than you feed the rest of them?" Said, "They all eat in the galley together." Said, "What makes him so much different than the rest of the slaves?" And the owner said, "I wondered that for a long time, but one day I found out. Over in the homeland where he came from in Africa, his father is a king over the tribe. And though he's an alien and away from his homeland, he still conducts himself as a king's son."

**75** Hmmm! Why aren't we to conduct ourselves ... as cowards? We are sons and daughters of God. We're aliens. We're pilgrims and strangers here, but we walk back upon God's Word. It's his ... we are sons and daughters of the King. We don't lie, steal, drink, smoke, carry on like that. Women shouldn't cut their hair and act like street women, dress in them kind of clothes. We're sons and daughters of God. King's sons and King's daughters. This is not our land. We'll die in this land some day but we're on our road home. Let's conduct ourselves as sons and daughters of God. That's right. "And the queen of the south shall rise in the day of judgment and condemn this generation because she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here."

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**76** Let's bow our heads just a moment. I'm the child of a King! I'm the child of a King! With Jesus, my Saviour, I'm the child of a King! My Father is rich with houses and lands, He holdeth the wealth of the world in his hands! Of rubies and diamonds, of silver and gold, His coffers are full, He has riches untold. I'm the child of a King! A child of the King! With Jesus, my Saviour, I'm the child of the King!

**77** If you're not a child of the King and would like to be tonight, to come join the ranks in the mystical body of Christ and receive Him as personal Saviour, be filled with the Spirit, would you raise your hands and say, "Pray for me, Brother Branham." I haven't got time to make the altar call here and just want to know if you'd like me to pray for you. God bless you, Sir. God bless you all around through the building. God bless you. Many hands, a dozen or two went up. Once more now while the Holy Spirit sinks it deep into their heart. I'm the child of the King! A child of the King! With Jesus, my Saviour, I'm a child of the King!

**78** Father God, it was You that said, "The queen of the south shall rise up." And in this last quotation that would condemn the generation, and Jonas', the evil and sign-seeking generation. We got them today, Father. They just won't believe it the way You wrote it. They say, "Let me see you do something. Show me a miracle. Show me this." They don't realize that spirit within them has been down through the ages in people. They said to our Lord, "Show us a sign. We seek a sign." He said, "All this wicked generation will receive a sign, the resurrection sign." We're so glad tonight. And that sign that He was talking about then on Jonas ... the very thing that they said He was a Beelzebub because He could discern the thoughts of their heart. The very same chapter said He perceived the thoughts in their heart. And they said he was a devil. And He told them that how the queen of the south come all the way from Sheba to hear the wisdom of Solomon, and a greater than Solomon was there.

```
Matthew 12:25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:

Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:17 But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house divided against a house falleth.

Luke 11:28 But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**79** And now today that same resurrected Lord Jesus is in our midst in the form of the Holy Ghost, with us here, moving in us, doing the same things. And the evil generation, adulterous generation, marrying, giving in marriage, divorce courts, perversions, sex perversions, all kinds of evil. "Show us a sign." You're doing it---the resurrection---but they won't believe it, Father. Now, these in here... And as I said about the colored slave, how that he didn't have to be whipped. No. No matter how tough it was for him, he still knew he was a king's son. He kept the morals of the rest of them up, on his own behavior. Father, let us as Christians, the ones who are strong in Christ, act like children of God, talk like children of God, positive on God's Word, knowing what the Holy Ghost has done for us.

**80** Many hands went up that they wanted to receive Him as personal Saviour and become His child. God, I pray that in this prayer line somewhere, or somewhere in the meeting, that You'll show that sign of the resurrection that You promised through Jonas. May that hour ... or that moment, may the power of God seal them in their heart with the Holy Spirit and make them sons and daughters of God, that their character would be changed, their desires and their objectives and motives and everything in their life would be changed. Grant it, Lord. We're waiting further on You. The service is yours, it's in your name. And we're waiting to see what You will do. Save these, Lord. Don't let them leave this building tonight without salvation. Grant it, Lord.

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

```
**81** May they all be filled with the Holy Ghost. And may this be the climax of their life right now, that they'll go from this building tonight---and many others that did not raise their hands---rejoicing, saying, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" And, we know that Jesus is raised from the dead because we seen Him healing the sick and doing exactly what He said He would do in the last days. We humbly receive Him. Grant it, Father. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. With Jesus, our Saviour, Oh, we are a child of the King! Can you raise your hands and sing it with me once? I'm a child of the King! A child of the King! With Jesus, my Saviour, I'm a child of the King! Aren't you happy? The great Physician now is here, The sympathizing Jesus; He speaks the drooping heart to cheer, Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest name in seraph's song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest carol ever sung, Jesus, blessed Jesus. Isn't He wonderful? Now, reverently, everyone. And now, the music, if you will constantly with that, Sister Anna Jean.

**82** I believe Paul told me... I believe he give 50 cards, wasn't it, Bill? Prayer cards B, taking up the old ones and giving the new ones so we wouldn't get confused. Now, 50 prayer cards. Now, tonight we won't start ... we're just going to pray for the sick. We believe that in this prayer line ... I want to pray for all of them, I want everybody to be prayed for. And so, now, we're going to call those people up here. Prayer card ... As I call your number will you stand so that if somebody we have to help around ... well, we can get them to the line. Prayer card number 1, who has it? (Are you sure you were right?) Prayer card number 1? (What's the letter?) B number 1. You have it, Lady? Come right down here. (Get a chair and sit down there, Billy.)

**83** Number 2? Who has prayer card 2? Would you raise your hand? A lady here. Number 3? (Help me, somebody. Brother Palmer, watch for their hand.) Raise up your hand if you can when I call your number. Number 3. This man here? Number 4, number 5. Just come right up, just take your place. Number 6, number 7, number 8, 9, 10. Usually if we're going to have a line of discernment, I always try to just go over and begin at 20 or 30 or somewhere like that. But, this way it doesn't make any difference because we're going to pray right down the line ... because we'll try to pray for all of them. 10, 11. (Help me now.) Prayer card 11? 11? (Got it?) 12. (Watch now.) 12, 13, 13, 14, 15, 15. All right. 16, 17. Somebody must have got it and went home. (What say? Around this way. All right. We'll start right here then. Move it right ...? Oh, yeah.) 17. (All right, right here.) Who has 17? No one? Remember, I called it. 18, 19, 20, 21. (Just stand right here till he's ready for you. Come right in here.) 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30. I didn't see 30. Prayer card 30? 30? (See it? Everybody speaks English here I suppose. French?)

**84** Does anybody know if anybody speaks French or something? 30. 30. Where you ha...Oh, I didn't notice, pardon me. 31, 32. 31, 31, 32. That's it. 33. That's the way. 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40. That's it. Line right up here. See. Come this way, everybody, now coming through there, see. All right. 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46. (Didn't see it. Did you?) 46, yeah, 46, 47, 47, 48. All right. 49, 50, 50. Did I see it? 50, 51. Is that... ? That's all of them, wasn't it? All right. Now, while they're lining up as they're calling their names and lining them up, someone will help them down there, to get the people lined up. This is a long prayer line. We're just going to take out time and pray for each one. Now be real reverent, everyone while they're getting the prayer lines lined up.

**85** Now, I'd like to say this to you. Now, how many knows that there's no man that can heal you? How many knows that healing is ... divine healing is a finished work of God at Calvary? See. And, it's based upon, "Whosoever will may come and accept their healing." By faith you believe it. Is that right? By faith you believe it. Now, some people has gifts. Like a real good preacher, he can take that Word of God and just lay it out there like that, some good theologian and can ... that's the gift of healing. They can make you see it to the Word. Now, I can't do that because I'm just not that much of a preacher.

**86** So then I can't do it that way---God seeing my ignorance of that. So then, He gave me another way to let you see it. He gave me a gift to manifest the resurrection of his Son, Jesus. Through that you might believe. That's a good way, isn't it? To believe on the Son of God. Isn't that right? And, when you do that, then you'll be healed. Now, if He can prove that He's here... How many understands that now, let's see? I'm just looking for something to happen in this prayer line tonight, I don't know why. I just feel real good. I feel that it's something'll take place. Yes, the people that's cripple or anything, you sit them right along here like the chairs and so forth; I'll come down and pray for them. Sure.

**87** I want to lay these up here, I like to feel the anointing of the Spirit first before I pray for these cloths and things. Now, I want you to be real reverent. And just... Now, when I mean reverent ... see when the Holy Spirit's a-speaking... Now, all these people in this prayer line is strangers to me. I don't see a person along there I know. Is Brother Babbs in there? Yes, Brother Babbs is back there, I know him. I guess... You see anybody in there that I know? A lady is nodding her head there that I knowed her. Do I know you there, Lady? Oh, I prayed for you. I mean ... well I know this, I don't know nothing what's wrong with you. I have no idea of knowing what's wrong with you, sure. But, God does know, doesn't He? So, that's what we're thinking of.

**88** Now, in the audience... I guess all the prayer cards is standing here in the line. You in the audience that hasn't got a prayer card and yet you believe that God will heal and make you well... How many believes that? Now, may God grant it. Now, let's not be in no hurry, everybody reverent. Now, for this prayer line, it'll probably take about twenty minutes to get the prayer line through. And then, when we do ... I want to ... not just passing through laying hands on them, I want to pray for them. I believe that's the way, if God'll let me do it. But I want you to know now, without any discernment, the Holy Spirit's here anyhow.

**89** Here now long ago there was a man in a certain meeting, just didn't believe my teaching on the Bible. And he goes to a meeting, a certain fellow did, and not knowing that I'd know about it, because he's no more than sinned and I seen it in a vision in my hotel room... I don't see how some people can do that and come up and say these things when you know you know better. So, he said, "Now, Brother Branham is a prophet of the Lord." He said, "But, don't listen to his teaching because he's wrong." The same Holy Spirit that preached the service tonight, the same Holy Spirit preaches all these things is the same Holy Spirit that discerns the thoughts of the heart. Certainly.

**90** What is the mark of a prophet? He's a divine interpreter of the divine Word. That's exactly. "The Word of the Lord came to the prophet." That's who it came to not the theologian, the prophet. Do you know what prophet means: Take the dictionary and look and see what it means, "an interpreter of the divine Word." And then come and say such as that. See how ... people just got so churchy till they don't know God no more. That's it. That's what makes us so muley. It's just... You want to get back to that stage of real genuine Holy Ghost faith. Yeah, I see one man I know---this Baptist brother sitting over here, Brother Daulton. I want to say something. I'm expecting, Brother Daulton... You see why I'm lining him up there about. How many heard the story of the squirrels and things? You all did down here I guess and so forth.

**91** A new ministry is taking ahold in my life. That's what I got these here for tonight to try it. I seen it happen about three or four times. The first time it ever happened on a mortal being. The second time it happened was to this Baptist brother sitting over here. He's standing there at the church, his children---teen-age, reckless as they could be. And he had been ... we'd been praying for his children. All at once that same Jehovah-jireh turned around; I said, "I give you your children in the name of Jesus Christ." I think everyone of them saved now, everyone of them. All of them saved, everyone of them. The brother sitting right there from Willow Shade ... or Somerset, isn't it, Kent ... Somerset, Kentucky. Somebody in here ... some of you Baptists want to see a Baptist preacher with the Holy Ghost? Stand up just minute, Brother Daulton. There's a Kentucky Baptist preacher with the Holy Ghost. Isn't it wonderful? It sure is. All right.

**92** Now, let's be real reverent. Brother Brown, are you ... or some of you help from this side of the platform. Now, you without prayer cards be real reverent, just be real quiet now, everybody. Now, if the Lord does something and you want to praise Him, all right; but see, just keep your position. Keep waiting, keep under expectation. You out there now that doesn't have a prayer card, maybe the Holy Spirit would say, "Turn around..." How many never was in one of these meetings before? Let's see your hands. Never was in a... Well, my, my, I guess it's... Do you still understand the meeting, my ministry? Haven't ever been in one but yet you understand it? Raise your hand. Well, that's okay then. You haven't ... you understand.

**93** See, it isn't me. But Jesus, the Son of God, is the high priest of our profession---confession--- (the same thing) sitting at the right hand of the majesty of God, sitting there making intercessions upon our confession. Is that right? First, we have to confess He's done it, then He starts making intercession. And He's the high priest that can be touched by what? The feeling of our infirmities. Then if we can touch Him with our infirmities and He's the same high priest yesterday, today, and forever, wouldn't He act the same way? Is that right? Then how did He do when a woman touched Him. He turned around, told her about her blood issue, and told her her faith had saved her. Is that right?

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

```
**94** How many out there thinks you got ... that's sick, that thinks you got faith enough to touch Him. Let's see your hands. Everywhere, that you're sick. God bless you. I believe ... let's ... All right let's just have one, so we can get started ... that anointing. If it's just one person, you all won't say nothing, you just go ahead. Is that right? I want to find the anointing first so that people will realize ... this woman here. I suppose we're strangers to one another, are we, Lady? We do not know each other. All right, here's a lady that's a stranger to me. We were born miles apart, years apart, and this is our first time we've ever met in life, as far as I know. She says she's a stranger, and God knows I don't know her. There's something the woman's here for, maybe domestic trouble, maybe financial trouble, it may be sickness, it may be for somebody else; I don't know.

**95** But this is a sign like Saint John 4 to make it scriptural to you: a woman and a man meeting for their first time on earth. Jesus talked to the woman just a few minutes to find out ... to catch her spirit. How many knows that? He got talking to her about segregation; she said, "It's not right for you to ask me ... the Samaritan ... but have any dealings with each other." But when He found her trouble, He said, "Go get your husband and come here." And He told her... And she said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. Now, we know that when the Messiah cometh, who is called the Christ, we know He's coming. When He comes, that'll be his sign." How many knows that? The Bible teaches that. Well, if that was the Messiah's sign yesterday, and He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, wouldn't it be the same sign today? Here we are two together, never met before.

```
John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

```
**96** Now, if He will tell her what has been (now, she will know whether it's true or not) what's wrong with her, or what she's here for, something (I don't know, ever what it is) then she will know whether it's true or not. Then surely she would know it. Everybody would have to know it would be from some spiritual power. Is that right? Because there's no way for me to know the woman, I've never seen her, she don't know me. And here we stand. And you out there, I don't know you, but God knows you. And He promised to do this. He's not doing this because He just wants to show you His goodness, He's doing it to fulfill His Word. Jesus healed the sick, not because He had to, but because He wanted to fulfill the Word. That's exactly. That's why He did it, that it might be fulfilled which is spoken of the prophet. And this, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Jesus that He'd do it in these last days.

**97** Oh, we ought to tear the building down, look like, with joy. See? But we're still shaking the little bells and staring, you see. Oh, glory. Just when that comes up, you feel it. It's just something, I don't know. You say, "You don't feel that." You just think I don't. I sure do. All right, Sister, just a word with you, just to talk to you a minute. One of these days we're going to meet God. We're going to have to give an account of all the things that we've ever done in life. If the Lord God will reveal to me something that you're here for, or something another in your life, well, you'll know whether it's right or not, won't you? And then if He does, will you believe then...? You know I couldn't to do it because I don't know you. If He will do it, then you believe it's His power, His Spirit that's a-doing it? You sure would. That's fine.

**98** I'm doing this just merely to catch her spirit. That's exactly. We're here, two human beings, and this is the first time meeting, and you're a spirit, and I'm a spirit. The Holy Spirit is here trying to find the trouble. Yes, sir. I see what the woman's wrong with her. She's got a cancer. And the cancer is on your hand you got covered up, to keep me from seeing it; but He knows it. That's right. All right, sir. You got high blood pressure, complications. Is that right? Raise up your hand if that's right. Now, do you believe? Then I condemn all your ailments in the name of Jesus Christ, for the glory of God. Amen. Go home and be well now. Jesus Christ make you well.

**99** I'm a stranger to this woman. We was born probably miles apart, and years apart. She's a lot younger than I, and this is our first time meet... Oh, wait I wasn't to have that discernment, I was just going to go on, but... Well, I started; I might as well go ahead on the... All right. Now, Lady, if I will be able, through the Holy Spirit, to tell you something about yourself, something that you know that I do not know, then would you accept me as His servant and believe that that Spirit is the Christ, the Son of God? You would believe that? It's really not you. It's someone else; it's an elderly woman; it's your mother. She has a tumor. And I see you looking in a show case window in some place; I've seen it before. It looks ... it's Arkansas, Fort Smith. Your mother has been in my meetings somewhere; she was healed before. That's right.

**100** Your husband has something wrong with his eyes, doesn't he, sitting out here? He's going to be all right now. You're Mrs. Metcalf; now, you just return back, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and be made well. Some of you out there without a prayer card now, you believe with all your heart. Do you believe? Elderly lady, you don't have a prayer card; of course you don't. I can't heal you, Mother; it's your daughter. Do you believe that God will reveal to me what's wrong with you, you'll accept it? It's heart trouble. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. Be healed in the name of Jesus; go home, and receive it. Have faith in God. Don't doubt, believe all things.

**101** That man sitting right there with a fistula. Do you believe Jesus Christ will make you well, if you can accept it? All right, Sir, raise up your hand, white shirt on. Kind of surprised you to have that much faith, didn't it? The lady sitting back there, little hat. Having headaches, aren't you, Sister? Migraine. Have faith in God, God will heal you. Now, you see, you don't have to be up here. You have to have faith in God. Isn't that right? Have faith in God; that's all. Do you believe with all your heart? Don't doubt, believe, have faith---have faith in God.

**102** I don't know this man; he's a stranger to me. Is that right, sir? If God will reveal to me your troubles, will you believe on me as His servant, believe on Christ as being the Son of God? You will? You have asthma, asthmatic condition. Here's another thing's wrong: the big thing is wrong with you, you're not a Christian. You need Christ to be your Saviour because you're shadowed in blackness. You accept Jesus as your Savior? Will you accept Him as your personal Saviour now? And He will heal you, and make you well. Will you receive Him? Raise up your hand to Him, say, "Lord, I believe you."

**103** If you'll do it right now and with all your heart, He will heal you of your asthma. The decision is yours. Come over here and sit down and think it over just a minute. Believe... Do you accept Him? Then I pronounce you healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Go be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, calling on the name of the Lord. Do you believe? Do you believe He will heal you of that nervousness? All right, go ahead, be healed. Do you believe He will heal you of that diabetes? Go and be healed, be made well. Do you believe your arthritis will be gone and God will make you well? Go, and be healed in the name of the Lord. Believe God will heal that cancer? Go, be healed in the name of the Lord. Do you believe He will heal that cancer and make you well? Go, believe in the name of the Lord and be made well.

**104** If thou canst believe... Do you believe with all your heart everybody? Everybody believe? What if I don't say a thing to you, and just lay my hands on you; will you get well? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Amen. Believe. Do you believe with all your heart? You're already healed when that man back there got healed with that rectal trouble, fistula like. Go, believe, Mr. Allen, be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. Come, you got stomach trouble, or you did have. Go eat. Jesus Christ has... Do you believe now? Everybody have faith, believe with all your heart. In the name of the Lord Jesus, go, be made well. You said you knew me out there, and that's the reason I didn't say anything. You may go, go having faith. Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ, may our brother be healed. Amen. "These signs shall follow them that..."

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**105** God will heal your kidney trouble, honey, you'll get well. Go believing with all your heart. Look here, sweetheart. Your heart's going to be all right now, and you're going to be well. Did that help you? All right, go and be made well in Jesus' name. I bless this cloth in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Have faith. Do you believe, Sister? I pray for my sister in the name of Jesus Christ that she will be made well for God's glory. Amen. Come. You need blood, anemia. Do you believe that God will give you the...? In the name of Jesus Christ may you receive it. Amen. Have faith in God. Do you believe, Sir? In the name of Jesus Christ, may God of heaven make you well. Amen. Have faith now, don't doubt.

**106** Brother Babbs, come here. You've been my brother for many a day. Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, send Thy blessings upon this my loyal friend and make him well. Through Jesus Christ's name I bless him. You who could put the fruit in his daughters womb and give her lovely children, You can also put healing in his body; in the name of Jesus, grant it. Amen. Go back and be well, my brother. God bless you. Sister Moore, of course, I know you too. Oh, eternal and righteous God, Creator of heavens and earth, give Thy blessings unto this my sister. She's becoming into Your work. Soon Lord, I believe that her and Brother Jack will be out in Your work completely. I now ask that the weakness and things leave her body, and she be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, Sister Moore. Go believing, now. I truly believe that. If thou canst believe, all things are possible. Do you believe that? You're nervous, aren't you? Do you think his ear will get all right, you'll be all right? All right go believing.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**107** O God, in the name of the Lord Jesus I pray that You'll bless our sister. Heal her I pray in Jesus' name, with this great mighty church sitting here under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, seeing the signs that Solomon did. And a greater than Solomon is here: the Lord Jesus Himself in the form of the Holy Ghost. May these people never doubt, I pray in Christ's name. Amen. Believe now. The baby. In the name of Jesus Christ, God's Son, I lay hands upon the little one and rebuke this devil. In Jesus' name may it come out and be well. Amen. Have faith now, believe. God, in the name of Jesus Christ, I rebuke the devil that's done this to my sister. May she be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. Come, Sister. Father God, with Your anointing here upon us, and as the ransomed church of God, we pray this prayer of faith for our sister. Command this devil to leave her in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Eternal God, Jehovah, come in the power of Your resurrection and heal this, our sister, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**108** O eternal God, take the nervousness in this poor little woman, and let her go and be well in Jesus' name. Amen. Reason I said that: it left you right there. See? You go believing now, and it'll be all right. Blessed Father, with hands laid upon this woman with the Holy Ghost anointing here, I pray that You'll heal her in Jesus' name. Amen. Believe now with all your heart. Great Jehovah God, I pray for my sister, along with this mighty church. In the name of Jesus Christ, may she be healed. Amen. Lord, with my hands laid upon his, I ask this petition and this prayer for him. In the name of Jesus Christ, may he be healed. Amen. Eternal God, author of everlasting life, giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon our sister in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**109** Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that You'll heal this woman and make her completely whole through the resurrection of Christ. Amen. Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus Christ heal this little girl and make her completely whole for Your glory. Amen. Eternal and righteous God, we're waiting to see Your great hand. Move, O God, and heal our sister in Jesus' name. Eternal God, author of life, bless my brother who I bless in Jesus' name for his healing. Amen. Jehovah-jireh, the healer, come and be merciful to this little woman, seriously sick. May she be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. Don't worry now.

**110** Jehovah God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal this, my sister, who I pray for. The prayer of faith shall save the sick. The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." You promised it, God, I'm believing it, and I know that we are anointed now with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Eternal God, bless my Sister Schrader, and I pray God that You'll give her strength like she has never had before. May she go from here tonight in the power and Spirit of the Holy Ghost, and serve You all the days of her life. Get glory out of her, Lord, but she has to have strength. Strengthen her, Lord; and this nervousness that's doing this evil to her, I condemn it in the name of Jesus Christ. Sister Schrader, in the name of the Lord, there's nothing wrong with you but your nerves. I say that in Jesus' name. You haven't got one speck of TB or nothing. It's your nerves that's getting you down. Rebuke the thing and walk away and be well. God, in the name of Jesus Christ I pray that You'll heal her in Jesus name. Amen.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**111** Eternal God, I lay hands upon this my brother. In the name of Jesus Christ I ask for his healing. Amen. Bless you, Brother. Lord God, the God of host, I pray that You'll help this poor little weak woman and give her strength and heal her in Jesus' name. Amen. Go happy, Sister. In the name of Jesus Christ I lay hands upon this man, and heal him in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God, in the name of the Lord Jesus I pray that You'll heal our sister and make her well to the glory of God. Amen.

**112** Heavenly Father, I lay hands upon my sister, and heal her in the name of Jesus Christ. May she go and be well. Amen. Dear God, I lay my hands upon this little boy and ask for his healing. In the name of Jesus Christ may he go and be well. God of heaven, I lay my hands upon my sister and ask it in the name of Jesus Christ that her faith won't fail; she will be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. God, this little mother with her head bowed, I pray that You'll heal her. I offer this prayer of faith, all my heart, for her. In Jesus' name may she go and be healed. Oh, eternal and blessed God, I lay my hands upon her in the name of Jesus Christ and ask for her healing. Amen.

**113** Eternal and blessed God, I lay my hands upon my sister and ask for her healing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Eternal and blessed Father who brought again Jesus from the dead, I lay hands upon my brother and ask for his healing in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. A lady couldn't come up? One of the cards? Where's she at, the one who couldn't come up ... with a red coat? It's this lady sitting right here? All right, I will come and lay hands on you if you believe. These here too. Do you have a card? Right here? You don't have one? Kidney trouble left you anyhow, so just believe with all your heart.

**114** Huh! Strange, kidney trouble, too. See that devil try to get between them two women there just then? One warned the other one. Just as soon as I mentioned you, it went right to that woman there, come back and forth, and I seen that dark streak leading over, and I seen what her trouble was. Come right back, and you got the same thing. Frankly, you haven't got but a half a kidney. You're left one's gone, your right one is only half. That is true. Do you want to go back south from here, and go well? You do? You will? All right, Mrs. Dobbs, you can go back home, and be healed then if you believe with all your heart. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I lay hands upon my brother, asking for his healing through Jesus Christ our Lord. Eternal and righteous God, upon the head of my sister I lay my hands and ask in Jesus' name for her healing. Merciful and Almighty God...
