---
Date: 1960-06-11
Title: Faith is the sixth sense
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Miami Valley Chatauqua Camp in Chatauqua, Ohio, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 13 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Faith is the sixth sense



**1** ...and it is a sense of deliverance. It delivers us and rescues us from our five senses that we were put in in the beginning. And that fifth sense down here---the five senses, man fell there with them senses by his appetite. Now, notice that these senses was given to you only to contact your earthly home, that you might see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. But they're by no means to lead you. And now many times... What if I refuse to look any more, and I just bind up my eyes and say, "I refuse to look." All right, my eyes can't serve me no more. Well then, finally I will go blind. And then when my boy comes on, I tie his eyes up, and say, "No, sir, there's no such a thing as sight." I just tie his eyes up, don't let him see. He said, "My father told me there was no such a thing as sight, so I will tie up my boy's eyes." Well, the first thing you know, a generation would be born blind. That's right. If you don't use your six senses, they become dormant. They won't act at all.

**2** Brother, that's what the church has done to the sixth sense God put him in. He's just placed faith off, in miracles and signs. And the things that contacts God, gives him the Holy Ghost, and things, he's placed that off over there or back over here somewhere, till the thing has become dead. That's right. He don't know how to use it. The thing's just nothing to him. You say, "Well, God's a healer." "Aw, what about that, 'God's a healer.'" If He ever was a healer, He's still a healer! If He ever was a Saviour, He's still a Saviour. If He ever was God, He's still God. So you see, it's a lack of faith that's been preached into the people, that makes them let that sixth sense, which is faith, lay dormant.

**3** And through the years they'll run out, be sick, and run to the doctor and say, "Doctor, oh, I got something wrong with me." Doctor look at it, say he will try. The man---a good, honest doctor---will work just as patiently as he can, with all the power that God will give him to operate and do things that he should do to help you. Then the first thing you know, it advances on. Well, he says, "I will just have to tell you. There's nothing more that I can do. If you want to go to another doctor, go see him." Well, then, you go to another doctor. He'll say, "No, nothing can be done. It's too far advanced." Now, that is the time. That's the time to call on the sixth sense. That's the time to accept God. That's the time to rely upon the Spirit of faith that God has put in you.

**4** And now, when it's been people has been taught against it so long, it makes it hard. Brother Boze was telling me today, he said, "Brother Branham, I never realized what you bucked against," see. You don't realize what it is, what a hard thing, when you bring... And the power of God will come right down so real to the people, they can look and see the Spirit moving among the people and doing things. And some will sit there and say, "Oh, if you just do this, or do this, or do that, or something another, maybe it would help me." Oh, brother, if that sixth sense could understand what we've been preaching about this week (amen), that the Holy Ghost... God made this promise. Christ made the promise. We took it through the Scriptures this week, back and forth and back and forth, and combed it over, until we know that God promised to do this thing He's doing now in this day---the supernatural. Now, real genuine faith would see that and catch ahold of it, and all devils out of hell would never shake him away from it. But we stumble at it. It's not used enough. We depend too much on the five. And when ... most of the time, to 95% of the people or better, as soon as they see the five senses is finished, "Well, it's all gone. Dig my grave, get my casket ready," see.

**5** Oh, I was thinking of a little woman here I had on interviews a day or two ago. I don't see them here now. The man's name is kind of a German ... Dorch, Dash, or Doish. And his wife, she had a dream, and she come telling me the dream. And she said, "Brother Branham, I dreamed that the devil come up the side of my bed. And he looked over at me and begin to make gleeing, funny faces at me, and said, 'I got you now.'" And said, "Just something happened to me. And I jumped up out of the bed and said, 'Get out of here, devil, in the name of Jesus.' And started running him, and he run out of the house." And she said, "I don't understand what that means." Then the Holy Spirit, being present, give the interpretation. Just a little after that, her husband had a heart attack. And when she seen her husband fall... And he's an aged man, heavy man, and his hands went back and his eyes set. Death come to take him. But God wasn't through with him. That little woman's faith raised up and said, "I won't stand for it! I call for his life in the name of Jesus Christ." He got well, see. Why? That sixth sense rose up in that crucial moment, that time that give her faith. God had give her the dream, though it had not been interpreted to her yet. But I said, "There's your interpretation." And the little fellow just begin screaming and praising God. She said, "That's exactly the way it happened," see. Now, that goes into grace, see. Give her the dream, not even knowing what it was. But God is thankful and loyal anyhow to keep his people posted.

**6** If we would only be spiritual and use that sixth sense, oh, how many things we could bypass; how many things we'd know if the church was in order, where the spirits and gifts of the church would be operating. We'd have Ananias and Sapphiras laying all over everywhere. That's right. Sin would be out of the church. But we become so earthbound with our senses. Just so, "Well, if I can't see it, if I can't..." And then them senses---the devil gets into those senses. And he will let you see something with your eyes and then disbelieve it anyhow, because many times you've kept your eyes closed so long until you're blind.

**7** A fellow said to me one time, said, "Smite me blind! Smite me blind! You believe in divine healing, the same Holy Ghost that Paul preached. Smite me blind!" I said, "I can't do it, because you're already blind." I said, "Your father the devil did that a long time ago. You're already blind." For the Bible said he's blind. This gospel, if it's hid to anybody, it's those that are blind, that hasn't tried to use their senses. The sense of ... God gave them. That sense, if it's used, it's a sense of deliverance when the other five fail. By this sense there's been great things done. Here some time ago in one of my meetings there was a lady come across the platform, and she had an ulcered stomach, bleeding. And the Holy Spirit begin to speak (which she knowed I couldn't do that) and told her who she was, where she come from. She had an ulcered stomach. Then when it got through it said, "Thus saith the Lord, you're healed." And she went home.

**8** And there was a lady ... neighborhood, was way on down in the prayer line. When it come... She had a growth on her throat. And when the prayer line got down to her, it said to her, said ... told her who she was, where she come from, all about it. She said, "That's all right." Said, "Thus saith the Lord, you're healed." And so them two women went that night, got together. They didn't feel any different. That don't have anything to do with it. That doesn't have one thing to do with it, whether you feel. You get away from these feelings. If you're going to rely on them, you can't rely on that. Because it's the evidence of things you don't see, taste, feel, smell, or hear. It's another sense.

**9** Watch what happened. About two weeks passed. This woman with the ulcered stomach, she tried to eat, and she just like to died. But she still maintained. She said, "There's something supernatural about it. Because the man never seen me in his life, and yet, he told me who I was. And it's got to be godly, because it compares with the Bible," see. And she said, "And I know that fellow. I heard him preach and he's uneducated. He knows nothing about these things, and told me all about it. And the same man said, 'Thus saith the Lord [If he's a servant of God, he couldn't say that if he just thought it. It's the Holy Spirit talking through him.] that you are healed.'" And she kept on. And her husband was a Christian, her children. And she said... And she goes to see her little lady friend down the street from her that had the knot, no different. But both of them purposed in their heart that they had accepted that to be God. That's all there was to it.

**10** One morning the children was gone to school, and she was standing washing the dishes. And she just couldn't hardly eat anything, because the ulcer would just burn her up. She was washing the dishes, and she said all at once a real cool feeling come over her. And she went on, thought, "What was that? I just felt so funny, just real light and a cool feeling." Well, she just went on washing the dishes. In a few moments she got real hungry. So she goes over at the table and the children had left some oatmeal in a dish. So she dipped up that oatmeal in a spoon, and she ate it, and a little bite of toast. She thought, "Well, as usual, I'll vomit it up, maybe, in a few minutes." And so she went on. The first thing you know, it was all right. Went on... She got all right. Then she went over and tasted again. It was all right. Then she really had a gastronomical jubilee. She goes over and fries her a couple eggs, a big bunch of bacon, got her a cup of coffee, and she really eat. She went on washing the dishes around a little while. Then she got up on her feet. She felt fine. She raised up her hands and begin to praise God, run down the street. She was going to tell her sister about what happened. When she got down there, this little lady was walking the floor, shaking the sheet just as hard as she could. Said, "Well, what's the matter, sister?" Said, "Look, that thing has gone off my neck. I can't find it in the sheet. I can't find it anywhere at all." It was gone. What was it? Because they held onto that sixth sense of the Word of God that wouldn't take "no" for an answer. They come to the meeting about two months after that, both of them, showed me how they were healed and everything. What was it? The sixth sense, that sixth sense, that sense of power, that thing that delivered them. Not because I prayed, but because that they believed. That's it. That done it.

**11** Now, they was up at the Cadle Tabernacle up at Indianapolis---or down from here it is, to Indianapolis. They had a boy that had had polio. And they brought... After the Redigar girl was healed... Brother Redigar's girl was sitting out there in the coal shed. Trying to hold her, she'd gone insane. How many here remember B. E. Redigar, the pastor of the Fort Wayne Gospel Tabernacle? Oh, talk about men that believed in healing in the days of Brother Bosworth! Don't you remember him, Dr. Sullivan? A very fine man. And his daughter, sitting out there, had gone insane with a disease of the mind that had killed her sister. And she was a beautiful woman. It was on Easter morning. And her mother was sitting out there. And after I got through the prayer line, somebody said, "There's a lady out here in the coal shed at the church with her daughter." Said, "She's Mrs. B. E. Redigar from the Fort Wayne Gospel Tabernacle." I thought, "What? B. E. Redigar's wife and daughter sitting in my coal shed?" And I went out there. And there they sat, on little old benches had been throwed from the Sunday school in there with papers. Beautiful girl sitting there, about eighteen, twenty, years old, pulling out her hair, like this, and saying, "A nickel is a nickel. A penny is a penny. Nickel is a nickel. A penny saved, a penny---a penny made, a penny saved. A nickel lost, a nickel lost." Going on like that, pulling her hair, going on.

**12** I said, "Mrs. Redigar." I said, "You're Mrs. Redigar?" She said, "I am." And I said, "I'm Brother Branham." She said, "Well, I'm glad to meet you, Brother Branham." I said, "Your husband was almost an idol in my heart when I was a little boy. What a great man." She started weeping. I said, "This is his daughter?" Said, "Yes, Brother Branham. We've had her everywhere and nothing can be done. And her sister Romaine died." I said, "Did Romaine die with that?" I said, "I got you-all's pictures at home and everything, your books on living waters and so forth, that Brother Redigar wrote." I said, "Why, when I was even a boy, he was a great man. I used to listen to him on the radio." I said, "This is his daughter?" Said, "That's his daughter."

**13** Something come upon me. Her daddy's dead and buried. I walked over till that sixth sense begin to move. I said, "Satan, you can't hold her any longer. In the name of Jesus Christ, come out of her." So the mother said... She said, "What must I do?" I said, "She's healed; take her home." She was still sitting there, "Nickel is a nickel, a penny made, a penny lost," and so forth like that, going on. They took her home. And the next day she come to herself, and is a married woman with a bunch of children now. What was it? Holding on to that sixth sense.

**14** Some time ago (if you wanted a confirmation of this testimony, what sixth sense will do) we was at the... I was with Brother G. H. Brown, 505 Victor Street, at Little Rock, Arkansas. And there was one of the horriblest cases I ever seen in my life. Brother Brown (after I was trying to take in a little recess from standing in the prayer line so long), he said, "Brother Branham, down in the basement here in the auditorium is one of the horriblest sights you ever seen." Said... That woman was healed of insanity from up at Mississippi. Her boy was a soldier. She'd been in there for twenty years; didn't even know her boy. And she came to her right mind while I was praying for her. That just set the thing afire. And then... He said, "Look at this." And I went down there. And a great heavy woman, young, with her feet sticking right up, with just a little clothes on her where they'd put any on her in the institution, because she never raised her feet, hadn't been on her feet in two years. Her limbs were bleeding. Her arms was bleeding. And she was laying with both feet up, and both hands up like that. And I said to the man, I said, "What's the matter with her?" Said, "She lost her mind, Brother Branham. She took a shot, and something happened to her," said, "right after our baby was born." And said, "It paralyzed something in her mind." Said, "She's been in the institution now for two years." And said... I said, "What's she bleeding so about?" Said, "Well, they wouldn't dismiss her from the institution." And said, "They wouldn't take an ambulance, because she's real rashal." And said, "I hired a brother to take his Chevrolet car and got four more men. And we tried to hold her in that back seat, four men, and she kicked the windows out and things coming down here [about ninety miles from the institution were she was from] ." And I said, "You mean, bleeding like that?" I said, "Well, I will walk out and lay hands on her." He said, "Oh, don't you do that." Said, "She'd kill you." Well, I was just young in the way, and I'd been in the ministry like this for about, oh, I guess, it was something like a year. And I thought, "God will take care of that." I walked on out on the floor, and she just had her hands up. I said, "How do you do, sister?"

**15** And it was a good thing that I was watching. That great big powerful arm (possessed with the devil, they're ten times their power), and she gave a jerk like that so hard she jerked me plumb off my feet. And when she did, my foot hit right across her bosom here and jerked my hand loose. And I run from her. And run up on the step like that, and her husband standing there. And she come after me, crawling on her back like a serpent, making good time chasing me on her back with her hands and feet up, just going... I can still hear that hideous noise---drag like a snake, coming across the floor. She weighed about a hundred and seventy pounds, and she was dragging like that. She come right up there, turned around, put her big strong limbs against the wall like that and kicked real hard, hit a bench setting out there, and knocked the hide off her head. Part of her scalp peeled out, blood begin to run out like that. And she took this stick that had broke off from it, and threw it at her husband and knocked all the plastering off the wall. We had to duck our heads. He said, "I told you." I said, "I never seen anything like that in my life." He said, "What is that, Brother Branham?" I said, "That's the devil." And just then she crawled right up, and she said, "William Branham, you have nothing to do with me. I brought her here." And her husband looked over and said, "Why, she don't even know who she is. She don't know you." I said, "That's not her; that's the devil. That's that devil." And I said, "Satan, you realize and do know that I have no power over you, but my Lord does, for He triumphed over you at Calvary. And by a divine gift given to me by an Angel, which told me to get the people to be sincere and nothing would stand before the prayer," I said, "in the name of Jesus Christ come out of her." No change.

**16** Her husband, with old overalls on, threw his arm around my neck and begin to hug me. And he said, "What must I do with her, Brother Branham?" I said, "Take her on back to the institution, if they'll receive her." He said, "Well, what do you think?" I said, "It isn't what I think, it's what do you think?" He said, "I believe that she'll be well." I said, "That's all you need to do. "I believe she'll be well." On the road back that night, they never had one bit of trouble with her. The next morning when they come in to get her, she was sitting up and spoke to the matron. And the second day she was dismissed from the hospital, perfectly normal and well.

**17** About six months after that I was at Jonesboro, Arkansas, with Richard Reed at the Old Fashioned Revival Hour Tabernacle at Jonesboro, Arkansas. Used to be a big Baptist Tabernacle, seats many more than this here, this place. And I was starting to preach, and I kept seeing somebody waving at me out there, and I didn't know who it was. And she just couldn't stand it no longer. She said, "You remember me?" Had four or five little children. I said, "I don't believe I do." She said, "I've never seen you before either." She said, "But I was the woman that was on my back, crawling." And her husband in that six months time had been called to the ministry, and he was going out to preach the gospel. Oh, my! What is it? Holding on to that sixth sense---faith said so. He said, "I kept that in my heart. If God could do such a thing to others, he can do it for my wife." He kept holding onto that. Nothing would separate him from it. That's what that sixth sense will do when it's turned loose, and let it have its controlling power.

**18** One night I come home; I was laying in my bed. If you want to write for these testimonies, I'm giving you addresses. You write to Georgie Carter, Milltown, Indiana, and it'll go to her: Georgie Carter, Milltown, Indiana. And she belonged to a church that did not believe in divine healing. She was taking piano lessons when she was a little girl, and her uncle was taking her to a piano lesson. And when he did, this man, being a full grown man, and her a little girl, ravished the child. And when it did, it give her TB. And she'd been laying nine years and eight months on the flat of her back with TB of the female glands, all through her body and into her lungs. And she approximately weighed thirty-seven pounds, I think---that, what they could weigh her. Now, you can just write her if you wish to, it's your privilege. She will be glad to write back. And I knowed nothing of the girl. And I didn't even know where Milltown was. And I come in home, and I seen mother, and I said, "I'm going to bed early tonight, because I want to go in and meditate on the Lord." She said, "All right, Billy, just go on in, go to bed."

**19** I went in the room, and I prayed, and praying for a long time. And after a while I looked over there... And mama was just one of these old-fashioned country women, wash her clothes and lay them in a chair (I don't whether you women ever did that or not), and lay them there till she irons them, stands around barefooted and irons. And so Mama had chairs setting there and clothes in them. With all of boys at home, and I was staying home then ... it was after I'd lost my wife long time. And I looked and it looked like that chair was coming toward me. And when I looked, it was that light coming towards me. And when it got right to me, I started like going through a wilderness. And I could hear something like a little lamb going, "Baa, baa." And I thought, "Oh, that poor little fellow is hooked up somewhere." And I started through the brush trying to find it. And when I got up close to it, I could listen again, I said, "Where is it at?" I thought, "The poor little thing." And I started up close, closer, pulling through the brush. And when it was "baaing," it was going, "Milltown, Milltown." And I was working, trying to get to it. And I come out of the vision. I thought, "Where is Milltown?" I thought, "There's trouble at Milltown. Some lamb is caught down there, or up there, wherever it is."

**20** I went out, and I asked my church Wednesday night, did they know any place named Milltown. Nobody knowed it. Well, then on Sunday I asked again, "Anyone know a place named Milltown?" George Wright (many of my people here from the Tabernacle know George Wright, been coming there for years), he said, "Why, Brother Branham," said, "Milltown is just down there on the Southern, about thirty-five miles from here, a little city, sets on a little hill down there." Said, "I know where it's at." I said, "Will you take me to it?" He said, "I will." Well, then I said, "I will be down the following Saturday."

**21** Well, I went to Milltown. We went down there. They got about two groceries. And I seen people come in their wagons and buggies (like they do down in Kentucky, you know, down in the hills), and I thought, "Well, I don't see nothing here." I went in and asked a man if I could buy that little wooden box from him. He said, "Yes, what do you want with it?" I said, "There's a lot of people standing out here. I want to make me a platform to stand on. I'm a preacher. I want to preach." He said, "You don't owe me nothing for it. Take it out there. That's all right."

**22** And so I got my box. And when I got my box and went out, I seen Brother Wright coming down. He said, "Brother Branham, I've got to do some trading up on the hill here." Said, "If you want to, you can go up with me." I said, "All right. I just set my box down here, be a little bigger crowd time I get back." And I went up the hill, and we passed by a big, old, white church. I said, "What kind of a church is that?" He said, "That's an old Baptist church." Said, "The preacher got in some trouble and..." Said, "He turned to be a gangster and ravished some man's wife, and they shot him. And a whole lot of stuff went on." Said, "The congregation is scattered." And said, "They don't have church any more."

**23** Well, I started to go on around the church with him. And when I did, something said, "Go over to that church." And I went over there. I said, "Let me stand here till you go on up the hill." He said, "All right." I said, "They're not having church here?" "No." I tried to open the door, and the door wouldn't come open. I said, "Heavenly Father, is there something about this church, the reason You was calling me? Is this church what's all wound up in the brush? Is this what You are hollering 'Milltown'? If this is where you want me, open that door for me." I took hold the door. It wouldn't open. Well, I sat down on the step. And just about that time, some man come walking around the church. Said, "How do you do." I said, "How do you do, sir." He said, "Did you want in the church?" And I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "I got the key." He opened the door.

**24** I looked around in there; I said, "Who owns it?" Said, "The city." I said, "Wonder if they could have some meetings here?" Said, "Go over to the quarry and ask them." And I went over there, and he said... I said, "I work for the Public Utilities, I will put a meter in it. I'd like to have some services there." Said, "Help yourself, no rent on it at all. Just keep it up." And I said, "Thank you, sir. I will do that." And I went over, and put me in a meter, started a revival. The first night there I gave out, "God is a... Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. God remains God." And Brother Hall... A man wrote a little piece in there... Or, not Brother Hall, Brother Wright wrote a little piece in there and said, "Come, hear a little Billy Sunday." Well, that night I had a great congregation: Mr. Wright, his two daughters, and his son, a church that'll seat about five hundred. Well, I preached just as hard as I could.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**25** The next night I had the same congregation. Right along about time I got ready to... Sitting up behind the pulpit in the chair, I was going to call the church, the service to order, passed out the song books, had them laying all around, dusted it all out. Worked hard all day and come in and dusted it out. I started down along this song books ... with these song books. Give Brother Wright one, rest of them one, went back and sat down. About that time I heard something going [Brother Branham knocks on pulpit four times.] on the door. I looked and here come a fellow in. Brother Wright said, "Oh, my." Said, "There's the biggest hypocrite and infidel there is in the country." And he knocked his old corncob pipe out on the side of the house, walked in like that, one tooth was out, and his hair hanging down in his eyes. Said, "Where is that guy called little Billy Sunday?" I walked back and I said, "Your name, sir?" He said, "I'm Bill Hall, the florist up here." I said, "Well, I'm Brother Branham." He said, "Are you the little Billy Sunday?" I said, "That was mistaken." I said, "No, I'm not a little Billy Sunday." I said, "Won't you come up here in front and sit down?" He said, "I'll be satisfied right back here." I said, "All right, make yourself at home. Here's a songbook." Said, "I don't know how to sing." I said, "Well, neither do we, but we'll make a joyful noise to the Lord."

**26** And I went on up, preached. As I started preaching, he kept moving a little bit farther up, little farther up. And when I give the altar call, he was on the altar and become the pastor of that church till yet, see. Now, a couple days after that I begin to preach on divine healing. They told me about a girl that lived over the hill that had been in a bed nine years and eight months without even seeing the outdoors. Well, I said, "Well, I don't know if..." Their pastor done give out, in a certain denominational church, and said, "The days of miracles is past." Most all the churches around there said, "If anybody even goes up there, you're excommunicated to begin with." So, her father was a deacon in that church. So it was hard for them to come up there.

**27** And my little book... Many of you might have read it, called, "Jesus Christ, The Same Yesterday, Today, and Forever." Well, the little Nale girl's testimony's in there where she had been healed. Well, they sent for me to come up and pray for a girl that had TB. And her parents wanted me to come. I went up and prayed for her. She come back with me to church that night, been laying there for a long time. Georgie got a hold of this, and she just started weeping out. Finally her mother and father consented that I could come pray for her, but they wouldn't even be in the house. They went away, had went away. So I went in.

**28** Poor little thing. She'd try to cough; she'd go [Brother Branham imitates Georgie coughing.] She couldn't hold her sputum cup to spit in. And she said, "I ... read ... the little ... book." And I looked and there was my picture, and that little book called, "Jesus, The Same Yesterday, Today, and Forever." And she said, "I ... believe ... He will heal me." And I said, "Well, I don't want to cause a friction in your church, girlie. But where's your father and mother?" Tears (where she got enough moisture to get tears, I don't know) run down her face where ... you could even see where her skull was laced together. She belonged to a very famous church that denies the power of God. Just a modern Pharisee, they don't believe in no Holy Spirit, no nothing. Just be baptized in water and belong to the church. And so I didn't want to cause any hard feelings amongst the people.

**29** And I said, "Well, now I'll pray for you." And she said, "Will you do like you did for the Nale girl?" I said, "Sister, that was a vision. I can only do as God says do." And I prayed for her; she didn't get any better. Finished up my revival and I had about sixty or seventy-five to baptize the end of that week. And she promised God if she could be healed, she'd go be baptized, up at a place called Totten Ford in the Little Blue River there.

**30** Well, when the day come to be baptized, I walked out there. And there had been a preacher, he had ridiculed me on water baptism. Oh, my, my. And he'd had a revival in a tent just on top the hill. And while I was out there in the water baptizing, I said, "It just seems to me that the angels of God are sitting along..." And every one of his congregation (that muddy water, with pretty white dresses on) walked out there and was baptized in Christian baptism, every one of them. That's right. Oh, what a time. We started up to Mr. Wright's to eat supper. And when I did, I said, "I don't feel like eating supper before I go back to the meeting tonight. I believe I will go up and pray. I have a burden on my heart for that little girl." And I went up there on the hillside and started praying. [About a few weeks ago I was down there, that same little bush.] I knelt down there praying, looking up to God. I tried to be quiet, and there'd be green briars around my leg, scratching me. You know, you just start to pray or do something right and watch how the devil gets ahold of you. And I went back over here and the sunshine setting was shining in my eyes. And I went back on this side, everywhere you was... And finally I just give up. And I said, "Lord God, let the sticks hurt my knees, or rocks hurt my knees and whatevermore, I'm praying." And I started praying.

**31** Just about time I got into praying real good, I looked and out of a little dogwood bush... Anybody know what a dogwood is? Oh, sure, Ohio knows what dogwoods are. And a little dogwood bush there, that light---that angel of God whose picture you've got here---that light was shining down out of that bush. Said, "Rise to your feet." I said, "Yes, my Lord." Said, "Go by the way of Carter's." That's all He said.

**32** Well, when I'd heard that bell ringing... And Mr. Wright told me, said, "Now, when that bell rings, mama's got supper on the table and you come on." An old country bell. Said, "You ring it. When she's ringing it, you come on." I heard it. But I was in the vision, and I couldn't go. You know God answers on both ends of the line. Don't you believe that? The same time little Georgie was so nervous, knowing I was going to leave the country, she was crying. And she wanted to come and be baptized, and she'd promised God. And she got real restless. And her mother, wonderful woman, and she went out in the kitchen, and knelt down, and shut the door between her and Georgie. And she said, "Oh, God of heaven," she said, "do something to that lowdown impostor, that's come through our country here. In the nine years that my poor little girl's laid on that bed, she's never complained one time. And now, he's got her all scrupled up in her mind, telling her about a healer or something another." And said, "Rebuke that man. Rebuke that man, Lord." She was honest about it. She said, "Run him out of the country. My poor little girl laying in there dying, with not a hope that she can live any longer in there. Laying in there like that and that impostor getting her all worked up under a false hope."

**33** She said... Now, this is her testimony. I wasn't there. She said she raised up. She thought she heard someone coming. She raised up. Her daughter lived up the hill a little ways, and she thought it was her daughter. She looked back. She looked and said on the wall where the sun was going down, at the same time I was praying, she seen a shadow coming down the wall. It was Jesus, she said. Said, "There He was, just as pretty as you ever seen Him, with His beard." He said, "Why're you weeping? Who's this coming?" Said she looked over here and she seen a shadow of me, kind of partly bald-headed and packing this here same Bible over my heart, coming, walking in with a man following me. And she run in and she said, "Georgie, the funniest thing happened." She said, "I must have went to sleep. I dreamed a dream. I saw that preacher come in."

**34** About that time, the door slammed on the car. I was getting out on the outside. Oh, God answers on both ends if you'll just let Him do it! There was Georgie there believing against all the unbelief. She was still holding on that God would make her well. If He could heal one girl, He could heal another. Yes. And she seen me. And I walked up under the anointing. I never even knocked at the door. I just opened the door. Her father was gone up to his barn to get some milk, that he'd just got through milking. And so I walked up, opened the door, walked in there. And this woman, the mother, just fainted and fell over in the floor. And Georgie was there, and she looked over at me. And I said, "Sister Georgie, the Lord Jesus Christ, in whom you love..." And there behind the bed, the little poster bed... She'd rubbed all the paint off it as long as she could get her hands back that way, holding to that and crying to God for relief, and her church telling her the days of miracles is past. She was born to be a child of God. And there she was holding on to that promise. God by His mercy showed a vision and sent me down there. There's where it was. I said, "I know who you are now. You're that lamb that I saw caught up in this bunch of theology down here." Hallelujah! I said, "Georgie, the Lord Jesus who you love and serve, appeared to me up yonder on the hill a while ago in that same light that hung over the Nale girl, and He told me to come by this away. I command the devil in the name of Jesus Christ to leave you." I said, "Rise up on your feet." Satan said, "How's she going to rise up, and her legs no bigger than a broomstick hardly." That wasn't a thought. "Come up anyhow!" And she couldn't even raise her sputum cup.

**35** And she rose up from that bed under the power of the Holy Ghost, walked across that floor praising God, went out and sat down in the yard, and blessed the grass and the leaves and things. She hadn't seen them for nine years. I turned around, walked on away. Her mother raised and begin screaming and falling, and fell across the porch and out into the yard. Neighbors begin coming, thinking the girl had died or something. And here she was in the yard, walking around, patting the leaves and blessing God. Her father heard all the noise so he come down. There lay his wife out and the people fanned her like that. And he heard the organ playing. And he walked into the house. There was his little daughter, sitting at the organ playing: There is a fountain filled with blood Drawn from Immanuel's veins, When sinners plunged beneath the flood, Lose all their guilty stains.

**36** Oh, my. She hasn't been in bed no more than to go to sleep since that time. That's been fifteen, sixteen years ago. Oh, what was it? Holding on to that sixth sense, something on the inside saying, "If He could heal one, He can heal me!" Hallelujah! That's the truth. That's right.

**37** Remember up here at Fort Wayne, old John Ryan. Not the man with the whiskers, the other blind John Ryan. I was having a meeting up there in a big tabernacle. I'm fixing to close, and go to praying for the sick. This man was sitting up in the balcony. He was Catholic. They brought him along the altar, brought him up on the platform by his card. When he come up where I was at, said, "Your name is John Ryan." "That's right." "And you're a Catholic by faith." He said, "That's right." "You used to ride in the circus." "That's right." Said, "You've been blind now for twenty something years or better." Said, "That's right." And some kind of leukemia or something another got into his eyes and run him blind. I said, "You're a beggar." And he said, "Not exactly a beggar." But said, "I sit on the street." And I said, "Well, that's all right." And I said, "Do you believe that Jesus Christ will make you well?" He said, "I do." I prayed for him and laid hands on him. I said, "Lord Jesus, I rebuke this blindness now in the name of Jesus Christ. Let it leave him." I turned around and looked, and I seen him go walking away with his sight. I said, "Thus saith the Lord [you watch for that] , thus saith the Lord, you've received your sight." Well, he said, "I can't see." I said, "That has nothing to do with it. Go on your road rejoicing." So he went down.

**38** There was a woman in a few minutes had a great goiter hanging on her throat, and while we was praying for her it went away. Here come John Ryan back, pushing through all the ushers, and coming back again. And so the man was helping me in the prayer line, he started to put him off the platform. He said, "I want to see that preacher." And so they brought him up there again. He said to me, he said, "You told me I was healed." I said, "You are." He said, "Well, if I was healed I could see." I said, "Oh, no, that has nothing to do with it. You told me..." He said, "Well, you said I was healed." I said, "You said you believed me." He said, "I do believe you." I said, "Then what are you doubting about?" He said, "Well, if I was healed, couldn't I see?" I said, "You will see. When God showed me a vision that you were seeing, it has to happen." He was Catholic and he'd never been taught anything like that. He said, "Well, I don't understand it. What shall I do?" I said, "Well, the only thing to do is go on your road just praising God for giving for your eyesight." He said, "Where are you?" Started pushing on, said, "Wait a minute. What is your name?" And I said, "Branham." He said, "Let me feel you." And he put my hands on... He said, "Mr. Branham, as a Catholic I'm taught to believe my priest." And he said, "I've come to you for help. And you told me who I was and all about my conditions, what nobody knows but God. I believe it to be the truth, and I will keep on saying, 'Praise God.'" Off the platform he went.

**39** Why, I couldn't hardly have the service the next two nights. He'd get up there where I was at, "Praise the Lord for healing me." And I'd start preaching, he'd raise up over ... hollering, "Praise the Lord for healing me." They give him a job selling papers. Nearly a month was gone, hollering, "Praise the Lord for healing me." And he was down there, he hollered, "Extra, praise the Lord for healing me." They laughed at him and made fun of him, little newsboys hissed at him. People on the streets said, "That old man's lost his mind." And he'd say, "Extra, extra, read all about it: Praise the Lord for healing me. Extra, read all about it: Praise the Lord for healing me."

**40** They took him (and they thought they was going to have to send him to the insane institution) and they questioned him. He said, "I'm just as normal in my mind as I ever was. But I believe God. Praise the Lord for healing me," on like that. What was it? He was holding on to that sixth sense. Something in him holding that. He wasn't paying any attention to whether he could see. That sight had nothing to do with it. He was seeing with another sight. He seen God! We look at things we don't see. All the Christian armor is by faith. He that cometh to God must believe that He is. All the fruits of the Spirit, everything, is faith, unseen. We look at the unseen. We look at the unseen, by faith we see it. Hallelujah!

```
Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

```
**41** A little boy led him across the street to get a shave in a barbershop. And some little smart aleck barber wanted to make some fun out of him. So he lathered up his face right good. And other barbers, and he winked his eyes at them like that. He said... Got shaving him, got about half side down, had towel laying up there, you know, and he said, "Say, Papa Ryan." He said, "Yes, son." Said, "I heard you go over to see the holy-roller when he was up here." "Yeah, I did," he said. He said, "I heard that you got healed." He said, "Yes, I did. Praise the Lord for healing me." And when he did that, his eyes come open in the barber chair. Out of that chair he jumped with the towel around his neck. The barber run to the door with the razor in his hand. Down the street went old man Ryan just as hard as he could go, screaming and shouting, "Praise the Lord, He has healed me."

**42** What was it? Holding on that sixth sense. That's something that makes it real. Yes, sir. Through this sixth sense has subdued kingdoms. Amen. The sixth sense subdued kingdoms. Through that sixth sense the walls of Jericho fell flat to the ground. Amen. You believe that? The walls of Jericho hit the ground through the sixth sense. Through the sixth sense the sea could not drown Paul. When he went down there, when all hopes was gone, he saw a vision of the angel of the Lord. And he come back up saying, "Be of a good courage." What was the matter? No moon and stars for fourteen days and nights, it was just as black as it ever was. The storm was just as great as it ever was. But that sixth sense went to work when he seen the Angel of the Lord. Hallelujah! That sixth sense could not keep Peter in jail. No, sir! The power of God sent an angel in there and delivered him. The sixth sense could not keep Paul and Silas in stocks. God sent an earthquake and shook the whole thing down. That sixth sense, let it go to work for you some time. Because of that sixth sense the lions couldn't even eat Daniel. They couldn't fool with that sixth sense. No, sir! By that sixth sense, the fire couldn't burn the Hebrew children up. By that same sixth sense, that was working in little Martha when she come to see Jesus, raised her brother out of grave, after being dead for four days. That same sixth sense cleaned a leper. That same sixth sense raised up Jesus Christ on the third day. That same sixth sense will rapture the church one of these days and take it out of here to glory.

```
Daniel 3:25 He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.

Daniel 6:22 My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 16:25 And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.

Acts 16:26 And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.

Acts 27:20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

Hebrews 11:30 By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.

Hebrews 11:33 Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions,

```
**43** Don't rely on the five. They're deceitful. But that sixth one's right. If you want... There's a little fellow here tonight. I don't know whether Charlie Cox is here or not. I was talking to him on the sixth sense. He took that, and believed it, and played it on a tape. His wife said, "Let me play it." Run in the other room and she started playing it. She said, "Lord, I've got a sixth sense too, and I'm going to put it to work. I want the Holy Ghost," and here it come. What is it? If you believe it, seeing... We should believe it without any seeing. But yet God lets us see it anyhow. He shows it to us. It shows us His presence. Surely then there'd be no excuse that that sixth sense won't go to work. Let us bow our heads.

**44** Our heavenly Father, the sixth sense, these testimonies from the Bible that the sixth sense, as I call it, faith... I was reading in Hebrews 11 of the sixth sense, faith being the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things that senses of the earth don't declare. And we see through there, how they subdued kingdoms, and stopped the mouth of lions, and escaped the edge of the sword. And Enoch was translated into heaven by that sixth sense. Abraham sojourned in a strange land and received a son after he was a hundred years old. Sixth sense. When Sarah's womb was dead, he considered not those things, he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong, giving glory to God. He knowed God made the promise and God, he was fully persuaded, would keep what He had promised. O God, and we're supposed to be the children of Abraham! What a poor excuse we are. O God, wake up the sixth sense in this church amongst these people tonight! When we see that You gave that great sign to Abraham and there what taken place... God, I pray that they'll see the Angel of the Lord's presence tonight and will rely, not upon their feeling, upon their sight, but upon the Word of God that made the promise; and every person in here will be healed, and every one that's unsaved will be saved, and all without the Holy Ghost will receive it. Hear me, Father, I pray, in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Romans 4:20 He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

Hebrews 11:5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

Hebrews 11:33 Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions,

Hebrews 11:34 Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.

```
**45** Are you ready to receive your healing? All of you? You going to put your sixth sense to work? What is the sixth sense now? It's faith. And faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things that makes Missouri wrong: "I'm from Missouri. You have to show me [you know] , got to see it." Faith is that thing that subdues kingdoms, that wroughts righteousness, that does all kinds of miracles and signs of that sixth sense. Wake it up; take the bandage off your spiritual eyes. Look around, see if you can't see that God still remains God. All right, all of you that's got prayer cards line up over here to my right, according to your number. Prayer card 1, 2, 3, 4 stand up. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, just come right this way now to this side. [Brother Branham speaks to someone.] Yeah. Uh-huh. That's fine. Bring the ... your ... so the people can get around, that's fine. Drop them right down in here if you will. All right. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, six... [Gap in the audio.]

```
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

```
**46** A religious group of people, a selected people that all their generation (Jews) that had been taught of a coming Messiah, and what He would do when He come; and when He come they failed to recognize Him. That's a pitiful thing, isn't it? I think that's one of the most saddest stories in the world. The world was made by Him and the world knew Him not. Come to His own, His own received Him not. That's certainly a sad thought. Now, notice. They were looking for a Messiah. Is that right? And the Messiah, when He come, was to be a God-prophet. How many knows that? He was to do the sign of a prophet, because Moses said He would be a prophet, when He was manifested in the flesh. He would be a prophet, do the sign of a prophet. That's just like the Jews now. I'm waiting...

```
John 1:10 He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

Acts 3:22 For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.

```
**47** Brother Joseph and I was talking this afternoon. Brother ... Stockholm, Sweden. Brother Lewi Pethrus sent down about a half a million Bibles. Well, Brother Arganbright showed me that picture, "Three Minutes To Midnight." Those Jews coming in from all over the world, from down in Iran and so forth, they never heard of the name of Jesus. Been down there since the Roman captivity. They never heard of such a thing as Jesus Christ. Brother Pethrus sent them down these Bibles. They were reading it. And so they had an interview with them. Right on... I got the picture myself. And they was looking at it. And they said, "What are you coming to the homeland for, to die?" Packing the old off on their back and things. Said, "We've come to see the Messiah." Yes, sir.

```
Matthew 24:32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:

Luke 21:29 And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;

Luke 21:30 When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.

```
**48** When the fig tree begins to put forth its buds, summer is nigh. That six point star of David is now a nation. The oldest flag in the world flies again for the first time for twenty-five hundred years. That's right. Jerusalem has its own money, its own currency, its own laws, its own government. It's a nation again. Jesus said when that fig tree begins to put forth its bud, the time is even at the door. When they found these Bibles... They wasn't like a lot of our Wall Street Jews. They were down there believing. When they come to get them on the airplane, well, they wouldn't even get on that plane. They was afraid of it. Never seen anything. The TWA... You seen it in the "Look Magazine." The old rabbi come out there and said, "Remember, when we were called to come to our homeland, the prophet told us that we'd be carried back on the wings of a eagle." Hallelujah! Listen. "Be carried back on the wings of a eagle." And there they was in the homeland. There they was coming back again. They took this little Bible, and they begin to read it, the New Testament. The Jew reads from the back to the front, you know. And when they got through reading it, they said, "If this Jesus be the Messiah..." Show you where they are in this day. "If this Jesus be the Messiah, then He will be a prophet. If He's raised from the dead, let us see Him do the sign of a prophet and we will believe him." Amen. Oh, my. Just right! You Gentiles better get on your face. The hour is at hand when God will turn His grace to the Jews, and you Gentiles will be sealed without God, without mercy---nothing but atomic fodder. So get right with God now while you got a chance to get right with God. You get right with God now.

```
Exodus 19:4 Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.

```
**49** Notice, when Jesus come to the Jews, He did that Messiahic sign, showed them that He was the prophet. And they called him a fortune-teller, Beelzebub, a devil. And then there was some more people looking for a Messiah. How many knows there's only three generations of people in the earth, according to the Bible? Ham, Shem, and Japheth's people. They all come from the sons of Noah. That's right. All right. That's Jew, Gentile, and Samaritan (which is half Jew and gentile). And these Samaritans was looking for a Messiah to come.

```
Genesis 9:19 These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.

```
**50** Jesus went up by the gate, sat down there, and a woman came out. And He said, "Bring me a drink." She said, "It's not customary for you Jews. We have no such dealings with one another." He said, "But if you know Who you were talking, you'd ask Me for a drink." The conversation went on till finally He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any husband." He said, "You said well, for you've had five, and the one you're now living with is not your husband." She said, "Sir..." That prostitute knowed more about God than two thirds of the preachers in the United States. That's right. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. We (we Samaritans), we know that when the Messiah cometh, He will do them signs. He will tell us all things. But who are You?" Jesus said, "I am He that speaks to you." And she run into the city and said, "Come see a man who's told me the things that I have done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" Do you get it? Isn't this the very Messiah? All right.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**51** Now, He did that sign before the Jew. He did it before the Samaritan, but not the gentiles. We were Anglo-Saxon, had a club on our back, and we was worshipping idols, Romans, and so forth. He never did that sign to them. And He said that a wicked and adulterous generation in these last days would get that sign of Jonah, the resurrection sign. Now, and Jesus also told them, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man. What kind of a sign did Sodom get? The same thing, the Angel with his back turned. (Are all your people there, Billy? Everybody? All right.) He said...

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 16:4 A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**52** How many here now that does not have a prayer card and you want God to heal you, raise up your hands. Say, "I want God to heal me." Now, if there's any more prayer cards, that's got a card, get in the line. Now, if not, why, we're going to catch you anyhow. You don't ... you're not ... I want you find... If you can only take what I said tonight, that sixth sense... Believe with all your heart. Now, many of you are sending these handkerchiefs up. I'm praying over them, every one, trying my best to get to them. Now, if I miss you, just write me at Jeffersonville, Indiana. I will send you one, see. I will send it to you through the mail. If you miss it or your handkerchief someway gets lost, just write me. It don't cost you a penny. Just write and we... Of course sometimes some people send a little money along, because we spend hundreds of dollars a week on stamps and things, and send the handkerchiefs around the world, with all kinds of miracles and things, of signs, returning back from them because it reaches more than I can reach. But now look...

**53** I suppose that 95% of the people... I know I've got some people here from Jeffersonville, but I don't see any of them in the prayer line. And if they was, I'd ask them nicely to get out (that's right), because I can see them down home. This is for people that's up here, people that can't get in any other time. Now, here stands a lady. If I could heal that woman, I would be a rascal if I didn't do it. If I could do it, I wouldn't be fit to stand behind this pulpit, Brother Sullivan, if I could heal her. But I can't heal her. She's already healed if she's sick. I don't know if she's sick. But if she is, Jesus healed her when He died at Calvary. He made a propitiation for that. He was wounded for our transgressions, with His stripes we were healed. Is that right?

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**54** Now, these people that they pushed up here in the wheelchairs, I want you to look. I believe last night a woman on a wheelchair, cot, or something another, the Holy Spirit called her, taken her off that. Now, many times you in the wheelchairs, you begin to say, "Oh, my case is hopeless." As long as you believe that, your sixth sense is dead. Your sixth sense, if it's alive tonight, this is the last hour of your suffering. You're coming out of there, go home, be well. The man and woman standing here (the colored brother and sister) with their little boy. You believe tonight? You have faith, my brother. You have faith, sister. The little fellow's too little to know what faith is; you believe that God will heal your child. The lady standing here with this little boy here, you have faith. All of you standing around these wheelchairs, I want you to have faith for those people. And you out there, some of you with heart trouble, going to die in a few days. Cancer, if something isn't done you're going to die. These people may live an ordinary lifetime here a cripple. But if you don't get ahold of God right away you're going to die. Yes, sir. But you get ahold of God and say, "God, I'm using my sixth sense; I believe. And I believe that You're going to make me well." And then God will do that. Don't you believe that? Believe with all my heart.

**55** Now, I'm not going to use the line of discernment. I couldn't get that fifty through here. I couldn't do it. But I'm going to pray. Now, if God still remains God, if God is still God, then He can do all things, just the way He... What is the highest form of faith? There was a Roman. A Jew said, "Come, lay your hands on my daughter; she will get well.' The Roman said, "I'm not worthy, just say the word." That's what the Gentiles are supposed to do. In meetings across the sea and different places, they can see one supernatural thing take place, the whole audience will just walk out by faith, see. They'll believe it. But here it's so hard. Now, you're a Pentecostal people. You may be Methodist, but if you've got the Holy Ghost you're Pentecost. Now, if you've got that sixth sense ready to be made alive, let's make it.

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

```
**56** Now, this woman here, or this one anyhow, I don't know the woman. I guess we're strangers to one another. Now, here's a woman, I've never seen her in my life. She said she don't know me and I don't know her. Well, how would I know and... She just reached down... Mixed up these cards, and give somebody a card and she picked it up and here she is. She happens to be the first one on the platform. And if some of you at all the same time I'm talking to her, you believe out there, and see if He don't go out there and get you too, just the same, see. Now, if that can be done once to a person maybe never been in the meeting, that's a confirmation that it's truth. God told Moses, "Take this gift and go down there and show how your hands healed with leprosy." He did it one time and all Israel followed him to the promised land, see. He didn't every time he meet a Israelite say, "Look here at my hand, leprosy, see. It's healed." No, no. He did it one time; they all believed it. That's the way we're supposed to do it: see it, believe it.

**57** Now, here is my hand. As far as I know I've never seen this woman in my life. If I did, I didn't know her. She's a total stranger. But if the Holy Spirit can come to me and tell me what she's standing here for, or something that she's done, or something she's planning on doing, or something that she knows that I know nothing about, that would be a confirmation that He's still the same Jesus that talked to the woman at the well. That would be proving to this gentile generation that that Messiah who once lived in a pillar of fire in the Fatherhood, dwelled in a human body called the Son in the Sonship, and now in the Holy Ghost in you and I, through the sanctification through the blood, dwelling in our bodies... The Holy Ghost dwelling in us: "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also. Verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." You believe that?

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**58** Now, I want to ask you in the wheelchairs. Now, if I could heal this woman, I would do it. If I could heal you, I'd do it. I can't. But if the Lord God (being she's close to me), if the Lord God will tell me something about that woman (let her be the judge whether it's right or not) that she knows that I don't know, you know that it has to take some kind of a supernatural power here to do it. Is that right? Will you believe it to be the Son of God according to His promise, that He promised He would do it? Will you believe it all along here? Accept your healing then and believe it with all your heart? Just one case would settle it, if you'd really mean that. Amen. That's exactly the truth. If you would believe that one thing, it would certainly be the truth. All right then. Now, I'm just going to stand against this microphone, because when visions come I don't know how low I'm talking or how loud I'm talking. But I've got this audience here promising that they will receive their healing if the Holy Spirit will reveal to me something about you that you know that I don't know. Now, that'll be... Would it encourage you and make you have faith if He did that to you? Would it? It sure would.

**59** Now, now, I'm just talking to you just like our Lord talked to the woman at the well, see. He caught her first, because she was the first one, see. That's the way I have to do too to get... See, you are a human being. You have a spirit, you have a soul. I'm a human being, have a spirit and a soul. I know now that you're a Christian, because as your spirit begins to witness to me that you are a Christian. That's right. It feels welcome. If you wasn't, it'd be pushing away. Was you ever in one of the meetings and see these things done? You've seen them done. You ever notice when sinners come and things, see how it pushes away from them like that. It'll just ... right now it'll tell them, "You're a sinner. You do so-and-so. You do such and such," see.

**60** Now, if you believe with all your heart, all that's in you, God will be able to tell me what your trouble is or something about it. Then you're going to receive it. Then that'll make all of them believe. These crippled people said they'd believe. The sick people, the heart trouble and things, said they'd believe. So, then, everybody believe and the whole line would believe down there. Be no use bringing the prayer line through. Everybody really wanted to use that sixth sense, and just go on and say, "Thank the Lord, He heals me." That's His attitude towards every one of them. You just happen to be one that's brought up here. There's many, many more all out through there. Probably the Holy Spirit might afterwhile go over the whole audience. I don't know what He will do. Then when I get real weak, my son or some of them there, Gene or some of them, they'll come touch me on the side. I know I got to quit then, see, because I don't... You don't know where you're at sometimes after so many visions. It looks like everything's a vision then, see. Jesus said, "More than this shall you do, for I go to my Father," the things He'd seen.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**61** Now, I see what's the matter with the woman. She's come here for prayer, and the prayer is for a little growth. And the growth is on the arm. That's right, isn't it. Now, do you believe? Now, the growth is hid from me, but not from God. I tell you what arm it's on? The right. Is that right? Raise up your hand if that's true. Now, do you believe with all your heart? Now, does that sixth sense do something to you? Are you just blinded over and say, "Well, that's pretty good," see. Or does that sixth sense really go to work, say, "Praise God, I know that that man don't know that woman. Now, only Jesus Christ would know her. And He promised He'd do that." That means that you're going to be well then, if you can believe it.

**62** You say, "Maybe you guessed what she had." I couldn't guess that. No guessing to that. Perhaps... I'll tell you another thing. You're not from here. You're from Lima. That's right. You believe God can tell me who you are? Miss White, Mrs. White. That's true. God will heal you now, go home and believe it with all your heart. Now, do you believe, every one of you? Have faith in God. If you can believe, all things are possible to them that believe. If thou canst believe. Or what if I told you you was healed sitting in the chair, would you believe me? Go on your road then, because you was. Have faith in God. Now, what if I put my hands on you and said, "Satan, get away from this boy." Would you believe it? Would you get well? Come here. Satan, leave this boy in Jesus' name. Amen. Go believing now. Have faith. What if I laid hands on you and said, "Satan, depart from him." Would you believe it? Satan, depart from him in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, go believing.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**63** If I told you what was wrong with you, would it help you or would you rather I just lay hands on you? Which would? Me telling you what was wrong with you? It's in your back. That's right. Is that right? Then go home, get healed in Jesus' name. All right. Do you believe if I just say something to you, lay hands on you it would make you well? Come here. In the name of Jesus may she be healed. Amen. Believe. All right. What about you? I believe I know you. That's right. I will just lay hands on you and say, "Satan, leave my brother in Jesus Christ's name. Amen." Believe now, brother, go with all your heart.

**64** Do you believe, all of you? Well, listen, here's what I can't get, see. Why is it when the Holy Spirit will come and reveal those things... He's telling me what ... everything's wrong with them people if I'd stop a minute. But them others wouldn't get in the line. Isn't it just as great to see the Lord when people pass by to have enough faith to be healed, lay hands on them, as it would be to have a discernment after you've seen it done? Have we become so Americanized that we have to be entertained by the Holy Ghost? Here, come here. I don't know you. But we're strangers to one another. Is that right? You know me, but I don't know you. But God knows us both. If God will tell me what your trouble is, would you believe me to be His prophet? with all your heart? All right. Heart trouble, that's exactly right. You believe now with all your heart? You believe you'll get well? You've come a long ways for this, haven't you? All the way from California. That's right. You bring your wife along too? She wants healing too. Didn't get a card. But she's got something wrong with her hip. It was caused from a fall. Isn't that right? Go home; you're going to get well, both of you. Go believing.

**65** Now, now, that's just the same as saying... If thou canst believe, all things are possible. Do you believe, sister? Just lay hands on you, you believe you'd get well? Come then. In the name of the Lord Jesus heal the woman. All right. Come lady. Now, see? Now, why? That woman is healed just as much as the other man. Why can't we say, "Praise the Lord for healing that woman?" See?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**66** Here, now, you know I know what's wrong with you. You know that just as well as I know it. You know that God could tell me. Now, if I'd tell you would it help you? It's your nerves that's give away. That's exactly right. Believe with all your heart, go get well in the name of Jesus Christ. Have faith. You believe, sister, with all your heart? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. You believe with all your heart, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Have faith. Come, sister, you believe with all your heart? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Now, that's exactly the way God said do it, isn't that right? These signs shall follow them that believe. In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Amen. You believe for her? In the name of Jesus Christ may the devil leave the child. Amen. Go now, be healed. Do you want to eat your supper, get over the stomach trouble? Go eat your supper and get well in Jesus' name. Do you believe with all your heart? See?

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**67** Keep on the... Get that sixth sense. Move them old five out of the way. Believe. How do you do. If I told you yes or no, you'd believe anyhow, huh? You'd believe it anyhow. All right. That little cyst on your spine, which is located between your shoulders, go believing and get well. You believe? Have faith. Come, brethren, you believe? In the name of Jesus may he be healed. Come, you believe, brother? In the name of Jesus Christ I lay my hands on you. You'll get well. Amen. Believe now. You believe, sir? In the name of Jesus Christ, be healed. Amen. Jesus does it for you if you believe it. In the name of Jesus Christ, be healed. That's the way, brothers. That's it. That's the way to do it. In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. Amen. Come, sister. If the anointing of the Holy Spirit's here to do miracles like that, surely you'd believe I was anointed by Him, wouldn't you? Then in the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Amen. You believe, brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed.

**68** "If thou canst believe, all things are possible..." Is this the next patient? All right. Do you believe, sister, with all your heart? That's it. Amen. She really got it. I just watched, she had a shadow over her and when it went away, I wondered what happened to it, turned around, now it's gone, because she believed it, see. That's it. I don't know you. You don't know me. We're strangers to one another. But God knows you, and He knows I'm here to help you if I can. You believe that? Just a minute, something happened in the audience, somewhere, somewhere. That's it---start believing out there. Well, your trouble's in your back. That's right. You got back trouble. Miss Finnhoeffer, go home and be well.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**69** Come, believing with all your heart. Do you believe, sir? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. Come. Now, if I told you what was wrong, or didn't tell you, or whatevermore, would you believe anyhow? Then your female trouble's done left you. Go ahead. Yeah, I said it anyhow. All right. You believe that God's going to heal your nervousness? All right. Go on and be well in the name of Jesus. Believe with all your heart. You want to get over the stomach trouble? All right. Go eat your supper and be made well in the name of the Lord Jesus. You believe with all your heart? All right. Do you believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. All right. Believe that this little boy can get over this trouble? I curse the devil that done this to your child. May he be healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Take him now, don't doubt. Watch what happens to him if you can believe. You believe with all your heart? In the name of Jesus Christ may you be healed.

**70** There's a healing keeps coming from over here. It's a little woman sitting back there with a brown hat on, kind of thin. She's suffering with TB. All right, sister. I don't know you, and you don't know... Yes, you ought to know me. You were healed once in my meeting. I see it was at Fort Wayne, Indiana. Hallelujah! That's it. You believe God can tell me what's wrong---what was wrong with you there? You had a tumor, and God healed you of it. Thus saith the Lord. Hallelujah! I challenge you to believe. There's so many believing. Have faith in God. You believe, sister? In Jesus' name, go and be made well for the glory of God. You believe, brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. You believe, brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. You believe, sister? In the name of Jesus, go and be made well. You believe, brother? In Jesus' name, go and be made well. You believe for the little baby? Now, look, I know it's a birth condition, but that don't have nothing to do... What the devil done anytime, God can take it away. You believe that? I curse the devil that did this to this child. In the name of Jesus Christ, may this baby be well. Amen.

**71** You believe, sister? In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. Do you believe, sister? In Jesus Christ's name, go and be made well. Do you believe, sister? In Jesus' name, go and be made well. You believe, sister? (Is that the last of the prayer line?) All right, look here at me just a minute. do you believe with all your heart? If God can tell me what your trouble is, you believe it? One thing, it's your eyes going bad. That's right. That's not the main thing. Got a tumor, the tumor's in the stomach. You're not from here. Go on back to Illinois and get well. Jesus Christ make you well. If you can believe, all things are possible. You believe that?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**72** That man sitting right back there, has got that little baby that's got a hole in its heart. You're from Chattanooga, Tennessee. Mr. Kirkline, go home and believe. That baby's heart will heal up. Jesus Christ makes it well. Hallelujah! That's the power of our God. Have faith in God. Another woman setting there from Memphis, Tennessee, up this a-way, praying for her lost daughter. Have faith in God. I'm looking for a woman. I can't see her in the audience, but she's here somewhere. She's praying. God help me find her. Somebody with faith, got heart trouble and diabetes. Her name is Mrs. Wells. Have faith in God. Somewhere, I can't... [Somebody says, "Here she is."] All right, all right, sister, your faith has saved you. Besides that, heart trouble runs in your family. You don't have a prayer card, do you? Because you'd... No. Because all the prayer cards are up. Heart trouble runs in your family. You got a brother has got heart trouble. That brother's not here. That brother lives in Baltimore, Maryland. And he's also unsaved, because he's shadowed with a dark shadow. That's "Thus saith the Lord."

**73** Do you believe with all your heart? Is that sixth sense going to work on you? Put your hands over on one another right here. O God, Creator of heavens and earth, send Thy Holy Spirit at this time and heal every person in Divine Presence through Jesus Christ's name. You believe it? How many in here that wants to know Jesus as your Savior? Stand up on your feet. You're close to Him. God bless you. God bless you. That's right. Wonderful!

**74** How many wants the Holy Ghost? Stand on your feet. Wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost, stand on your feet, every one of you. It's too many out here to get you now, file right off in this room so we can meet you over here. In Jesus' name, if you'll come with sincerity, you'll be filled with the Holy Ghost, saved of all your sins. Go into the room tonight. This is the time. Move over this a-way to the room. All that's here that believes in God, wants to be saved and filled with the Holy Ghost, move right out of this room, so we can minister to you. If there's anybody here from my church down at Jeffersonville that hasn't received the Holy Ghost as yet, Brother Collins, and all of them has got the Holy Ghost since they've been here. Oh, they've tore up the country. Come around. This is the time for you to receive it, right now. Go in. Don't you come out of there till you got the Holy Ghost. Come now, all sinners, go in here and seek God for salvation. That's the way.

**75** I challenge every man and every woman that's in Divine Presence, that's sick, anything wrong with you, I challenge you to believe the Lord Jesus Christ while I pray for you. Will you do it? How many will promise they'll do it? If God can give me power here to discern spirits... I'm telling you, I can't heal you. You're already healed. Jesus healed you when He died for you. Let that sixth sense don't become numb. Put it to work now and believe it! What about all you people here in these wheelchairs, do you believe it? Then let us raise our hands to God.

**76** O Lord God, let not this message pass in vain. Let not the power of God go to waste here tonight. But may God of heaven send down power of conviction and heal every person. May the devil leave everybody with cancer, heart trouble, crippled, leukemia, any kind of a disease. I challenge it by a gift, ministered by an Angel, sent in the sufferings of Jesus Christ to heal the sick and the afflicted. Come out of them, Satan. I charge thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of them. Now, all that accepts Christ as their healer---I don't care what's wrong with you, it doesn't make one bit of difference---if you believe God, raise up and accept it in the name of Jesus Christ. That's the way. Amen! God bless you. That's it! That's perfect, perfect. God bless you. Brother Sullivan.
