---
Date: 1952-07-18
Title: For him will I accept
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Civic Center in Hammond, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 59 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# For him will I accept



**1** It's such a night, anything could happen, anywhere. As I was standing out there, hearing that wonderful chorus, All Hail The Power Of Jesus' Name. While sitting out there, it seemed to me as if the rapture would come right along, while I was in the ... setting on that little cot. Look like something was lifting me up. The ... Hail The Power Of Jesus' Name. Eddie Perronett, when he wrote that song, and the many poets, what a time... He'd walk in and see his dad there, waving back and forth, was keeping his child cool, laying there, crippled up, a spastic. And I thought, "God, what can I do? What can I do. What can be done?" What a time [unclear words] gathering. What a time that God could just move in and do anything among us.

**2** I want to ask now, the report, on how many was reported a definitely condition from last night. Brother Bosworth, would you have the report of what happened last night? And it's to be left at the bookstand. If someone will give me that report right away. Would you get it for me, Brother Bosworth? At the bookstand, at the bookstand, the report. Someone, or one of the ushers, if they would, get a report from the bookstand, and find out just how many reported tonight, from last night's meeting, what happened in last night's meeting. I've been very interested in it today. How good our Lord is to us. We got two more nights, Christian friends, of the meeting. This morning, we really had a time of fellowship at that ministerial breakfast. Such a lovely bunch of ministers, all setting around with one heart, and one accord. Usually, I mention something in the breakfast about different denominations. That's one of my great things to mention. Brother Baxter was wondering, I guess, why I didn't mention it. It just seemed like there was such a heavenly atmosphere, there wasn't any difference in it, it was just ... see.

**3** I believe this, that in the great realms of the church, the only thing that's holding off the coming of our Lord Jesus for His church, and setting up of His kingdom, is the differences between the full Gospel people. That's right. As long as one say, "I belong to this, I belong to that. I received this, I did that," and don't recognize the brother as your brother, I think that's one of the hindrances we have now, one of the hindrances of not receiving, or Jesus Christ's coming. I believe that we're past... Jesus' coming is past due. That's a big word, but I believe I can prove it by the Scripture. It's past due. God, as He said, "As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be in the coming of the Son of man." God was "Longsuffering, not willing that any should perish, but that all might come to repentance." Thank you, Brother. Somewhere of a dozen or more testimonies from last night. Well, that isn't too good. Just a dozen of seventy-eight that passed over the platform; seventy-eight different ones that passed over the platform, and just a dozen reported. All right. It's easy, and it doesn't matter to me then, we will try tonight in massive healing, and see what our Lord will do. See?

```
Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.

Luke 17:26 And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**4** Now, do you get what I mean? I'm here to try to help everyone. Some of them says, "Pray for me. If you just pray for me, I will get well," see. Well, that's true, that's what God does, He heals the sick. "A prayer of faith shall save the sick." But I was expecting, and I've asked for at least three times that many, of reports today, that've had a change within twenty-four hours, to the better, of the seventy some of that... A little girl, minister's daughter that set over here last night, she was telling me she stays in the same motel, lives down in the ... well, in ... she lives in Kentucky, just across the river from my home, Brother Beeler's niece. And she said she counted each one that crossed the platform, and I believe she said seventy-eight that crossed the platform. Last night was just a night of trial, so we could try and see what the Holy Spirit would do. Just to see what would take place, to see how many would be healed just by praying, laying on the hands. Then I kindly made a little mistake in doing so. At I ... visions was moving just... Thank you, my brother.

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**5** Now, here's another report says, "No definitely number, but several has been reported." That's wonderful. How many in here was healed last night, and knows you was? Raise your hands like that. In the prayer line, was healed last night, just raise up your hands, like that, so I can see you around. Well, it looks like quite a number, that you really feel the difference that was--that was healed. That's wonderful. Well, if the... Thank you, every one. God bless you. You keep that testimony.

**6** I tell you, friends. What I been moving, trying to do, is change the policy of ... I'm afraid that people will misunderstand me, and think I'm a, just a, altogether a mystic, and it starts too much of a ... well, I'm--I wish to say this: my heart is to Jesus Christ. He's the One that I love, with all my heart. And my first duty is to Him. It--isn't that right? My first duty is to Him. And when I see something that might hinder, along on the call somewhere, or bring a reproach somewhere, that makes me feel... First now, my duty is to Him. See? I want to do something that'll help His cause. Well now, I find out that we just can't help it, in the ... and these realms that we go is... Fellow arrested, here not long ago, down in the south. He got upon the platform, and he said, "Well that's nothing, Brother Branham's just ... it's just mental telepathy," said, "I can do the same thing." And he was a minister, too. He got up on the platform and tried some of his mental telepathy, and he's in jailed now, see. Told a man, said, "You're living untrue to your wife." He said, "You're a liar." He said, "I stand here to say that I do not, and I'm a gentleman and a Christian, right here in the neighborhood, and any ... everybody knows me." He said, "Tell me when."

**7** That's right, see. So there, for that. And they ought to have done it, they ought to have throwed him in jail. That's exactly right. Brother, if God's not behind it, you better be careful, and you'll bring a reproach, sure as the world, see. You be sure that you know from where you speak, and what you're speaking of, and let the Holy Spirit do the talking. You just keep still. That's the best thing to do. Don't you think that's right? See? And I thought, "Well, in the beginning, when first started out, and I'd take people by the hands as He told me," and there it was, you see. And then He just keeps going around till I... See, sometime it brings a reproach, then everybody looks at that. They won't look at the good things the Lord has done. They look at what Satan has done, throw it all in one class. That's just exactly the way it does. They throw it all, say, "There you are, the whole thing is corruption. There is nothing to it." And there you go, see. That's the way the enemy does.

**8** And now, we as Christians, has got to be on the guard every moment, watching every thing. And I think this, brother, and I know this by the Scripture, that any person, no matter who it is, what ... every person that believes in divine healing has a perfect right, and God will honor your prayers if you'll pray for the sick--pray for the sick. That's right. See? It isn't a prayer. My prayer would help, your prayer would help me. See? This morning in the ministerial breakfast, when I was ... stayed so long in the line last night, one little brother got up there. I believe it was Brother Cox, and he said that he felt that ... I didn't have but one hours sleep last night. I just simply couldn't get myself together, I'd stayed too long. And the manager, he told me. I told him, "Well, the next time, just pack me out, no matter what I say." And he just kept telling me, "Well, you're too long," kept pulling me, and I kept waiting, because I wanted to pray for about three, four hundred people last night, see, to see if I could get then through. And then, it's at least half of those, that would give testimony of their healing. That's what I wanted to do. Well, that was my thought of it, to get to pray for everybody.

**9** Now, if you'll notice, dear Christian friends, surely, that this is the much better way, is you'll just believe me with all your heart. I can only help you, as you believe what I say. And if I get off of the Bible, then you got a right to disbelieve me. But as long as I'm preaching, or teaching to you God's Word, then you should believe. Is that right? See? Now, here, when our Heavenly Father, here at the platform, will do something in the audience, and He will confirm, or make known His ways, or heal somebody of something, and then you see that that's the truth, and here people comes, and---and--and everything...

**10** And you notice last night, why we have to give out cards, didn't you? There's no order at all, you just can't do it. And then the people, if you put them back from the line, then it causes hard feelings, and you just ... Every minister that has a divine healing service has to give out prayer cards. We have to have order. See? If you don't ... Paul said set the church in order. Isn't that right? Order is of the church, and so we're very thankful. I want to pass a compliment on a man that's in the building. He's not, he's conspicuous in one way, but in another way he's been a man that's been a good friend of mine for years. I've seen him setting in the meeting tonight. I seen him here for several nights. And the brother has meant much in my life. And you might look at him, or talk to him, and think he was very queer and odd. But down in my heart, I have a deep respect. And the man has been to practically every meeting I've held around, and that he could get to, hitchhiked, or some way to get there. And he never asks for one favor, one cent, one everything.

```
Titus 1:5 For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:

```
**11** And here not long ago, I was at a great city, and this man hitchhiked there, and I ... and there was some great ... mayor of the city wanted to come in and see me. I ... they just kept them out. And then this poor, old fellow come along, with a coat of one kind, trousers of another one, shoes off his feet. I took him in my room with me, to sleep with me. The man looked at me, said, "I don't understand it." I said, "That's my brother. I don't care what the ... what they call the big-shots wants to know. I want to ... See? No matter what it is ... the man... And when I was just a lad, just a little boy, first time, when I used to look at pentecostal people speaking with tongues, and I said, "Can't understand it, just can't do it."

**12** And that man, come on him, to speak with tongues. I knowed he's a good man. I watched him. He's not ashamed. And every time when I get in... My boy come today, he give me a little tract. He said, "Down on the street corner stood this brother testifying, glorifying God. Four things that God wants you to know." And he passed by, and he didn't recognize my son, and he said, "Praise the Lord, brother!" Said, "You ever been down to the Branham meetings?" Said, "The Lord is doing great things." All of a sudden he saw him, and said he looked around, Billy said, "Don't you know me, brother?" He said, "Praise the Lord!" Said, "Yes, I know who you are."

**13** There you are, every place, everywhere. And when just a lad, just had entered the ministry, was just a young boy in the way, this elderly gentleman set in my room one day, before my first wife had passed away, set in there. We didn't have nothing in the house, just an old folding bed. We give that to him. We moved off the other room, the little, old, iron bedstead that the children slept in. He stayed in our home. And one day while setting there, I couldn't understand him. I didn't know too much about the spiritual things, and I wondered about this other, and kept it in my heart, before it was confirmed. And one day sitting there, he rose to his feet, and gave a message, like the man did a while ago, in unknown tongues. I looked at him, and he stood back and gave the interpretation. And he said, "God speaks and said that you're just a boy now, you got a lot of youth about you, but someday God will use you." And that come to pass, that's right, just as a lad.

**14** Brother Ryan, I'm speaking of you. Would you just stand up? God bless you. I was ... one of the first man that I heard speaking in an unknown tongue. He's a converted catholic. He used to be an acrobat. And I watched him, and I seen, and I listened to him, and I watched his life. He was very humble, he lived down on the river for a while, and he'd go out, and he ... much in prayer and things. And he was one of the first to begin to moved me in to listening to what this was. And after a while, he has become ... no matter, I've stood on the streets one day I was up here in Erie, Pennsylvania, and they was having some kind of a show there that had beard on their face, and the old brother thought, "Now, here's my opportunity," because he wears a long beard, and a long hair, or hair to his shoulder.

**15** When I first saw him, I thought he belonged to the House of David, but he didn't. No, he's a Pentecostal brother. So I went out, and I was ... wife and I were walking down the street, and we seen him standing over on the side, with that white beard a blowing, singing it, "'Tis the old-time religion, 'tis the old time religion," like that, passing out tracts. And when he seen me, he tried to move back. He said ... seen my wife along. I went over there and put my arms around him, out there. I said, "God bless you, Brother Ryan." He said, "Brother Branham, I thought I embarrassed you," said, "I thought I'd get back." I said, "Embarrass me? Brother, you're my brother." No embarrassing nothing. He's my brother. And we've learned to love Brother Ryan. And everywhere we'd go he hitchhikes, brings his wife, and everything. And, oh my, along in the streets he's testifying. And I hear people write in to me, businessmen, and everything else, where he's been, say, "A fellow named John Ryan, long beard, come in here, told about great things happening."

**16** Now, I want to be standing near when I see him crowned Immortal, some of these days, when God brings his reward. All right. Let's read a little bit out of His Word, the Word of the Lord, now. Not giving homage to man, but just one of the little fellows that sits back unseen. The other day, while the meeting was waiting, and people, before they opened the doors, I guess, I happened to pass by in the truck, and looked out there on the [unclear words] and there was Brother Ryan with his Bible, a teaching. Not sparing a moment, and let everything. Let's all get like that. What'd a you say? Let's get out and tell it everywhere, get somebody. Now, for prayer. May I say this: that I wish to read just a littler portion of Scripture, and I'm going to start the prayer line. It's so hot. But now, if God willing, tomorrow night, let's come early, it's Saturday night. And Sunday afternoon, if the Lord... How many here hear my life story? Let's see? I guess about all of you. No? You that's have heard it, would like to hear it again, let's see your hands, if you... All right. Sunday afternoon, the life story.

**17** Now, I want to ask you something. Go out and get all the sinners that you know how, that you can coax in, and bring them in Sunday afternoon. Sunday night, our great closing service, we expect a great climax here. That's the night we want to not leave one person, if we can, but what we want to get to. Now, tonight, I want just to read a Scripture, just a moment, and then we will call our prayer line, found in Job 42. I don't know why today, while trying to study, I would keep falling back to this place in the Bible. And beginning at the 8th verse, I will read just a portion of the 8th verse. I wouldn't want to speak, preach, after that wonderful, inspired sermon, that Brother Baxter just delivered tonight. It's wonderful. Therefore take unto you ... seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up to my ... offer up (beg your pardon) offer up ... yourselves a burnt offering;...

```
Job 42:8 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.

```
**18** I've got where ... see there where I've dropped perspiration on it, it's just about faded out. Let me read that over again, see if I can get it. Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks, seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept:...

```
Job 42:8 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.

```
**19** That's praying one for the other, the value of prayer. Now, these counselors that had come down, and set before Job, he was... That's the oldest book in the Bible. Probably was ... Job lived along the time of Nimrod, and back in there, somewhere down from Seth to Abraham. And it's the... It was written, the book of Job, before Genesis was. But he was a priest, and a prince. And he loved the Lord. And God blessed him, made him a great man. And then Satan came up... Now, here's what I want you to watch: Satan come up with the sons of God, setting right among them, and began to speak to Job, or speak ... God begin to speaking about the earth. He said, "Satan," He said, "Have you considered My servant Job, a perfect man, none like him in the earth?"

```
Job 1:1 There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.

Job 1:6 Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.

Job 1:8 And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?

Job 2:1 Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD.

Job 2:3 And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause.

```
**20** Satan said, "Oh, yeah," said, "you got him hedged up. You're blessing him, and giving him everything You can--You could give him." Said, "Sure, he will serve You like that." Said, "Let me have him, and I will make him curse You to Your face." "Now," he said, "he's at your hand. I will break the hedge, but don't you take his life." And Satan done everything but take his life. He took his children, he broke him out with boils, he spoiled all of his goods, he made him a pauper, and he set on an ash heap, back there, in the back yard, I suppose, with a piece of crockery, or something, scrapping the boils that was on his body. His wife walked to the door, and said, "Oh Job, you look so miserable, why don't you curse God and just die?" He said, "Woman, thou speakest like a foolish woman." He said, "The Lord gave, the Lord taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord."

```
Job 1:9 Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, Doth Job fear God for nought?

Job 1:10 Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.

Job 1:11 But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face.

Job 1:12 And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power; only upon himself put not forth thine hand. So Satan went forth from the presence of the LORD.

Job 1:13 And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:

Job 1:14 And there came a messenger unto Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them:

Job 1:15 And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.

Job 1:16 While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.

Job 1:17 While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.

Job 1:18 While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:

Job 1:19 And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.

Job 1:20 Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,

Job 1:21 And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.

Job 2:4 And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.

Job 2:5 But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.

Job 2:6 And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.

Job 2:7 So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD, and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown.

Job 2:8 And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes.

Job 2:9 Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die.

Job 2:10 But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.

```
**21** Now, watch. That man that had went through trials, that man who had been purged. God was not dealing with a sinner now; He was dealing with a saint, see. A man that'd been purged by God, proving to Satan that there was mortals who would serve Him in the face of conflict. And he said, "Thou speakest like a foolish woman." Now, he never said she was foolish. He said she spoke like a foolish woman. "The Lord gave the Lord taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord."

```
Job 1:21 And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.

Job 2:10 But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.

```
**22** Here come these fine counselors, or church members. Job cursed the day he was born. He said, "May the stars not shine at night or the sun by the day." But he wouldn't curse God. And there, Satan got him right down to the very thread-bear moment. Then some of his friends came, and instead of consoling him, they accused him of being a secret sinner. Like they might accuse this woman here, in the wheelchair, the young man there on the bed, the little spastic child, the father standing there, maybe being a secret sinner, something you've done. That's not always the case. Jesus said one time, the disciples said, "Who sinned," the blind man, "he, his father, his mother?" Said, "In this case, neither of them sinned, but that the glory, the works of God might be made manifest."

```
Job 3:9 Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:

John 9:2 And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?

John 9:3 Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.

```
**23** Job had not sinned, he knew he hadn't sinned. And he had not sinned, so he would not confess it because he absolutely hadn't sinned. But God was really trying him, putting him to the test. And I believe that every Christian that's borned again, has to go to those tests. Every son that cometh to God must be first chastened, purged. Is that right? If you cannot stand chastisement of the Lord, then you become a bastard, or a illegitimate child. You claim God to be your Father, and you know nothing of Him, see. A real, true, borned again child of God stands firm. We are sowed with the incorruptible seed of God, it cannot perish. See what I mean?

```
Hebrews 12:8 But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons.

1 Peter 1:23 Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.

```
**24** Now, if you've got a way that, you say, ups and downs, and ups and downs, I would advise you to go to God, and stay there until you're really borned again. When trials, and troubles and heartaches, and disappointments set in, something holds. Not you holding; something holding you, see. It isn't a question whether I hold on, or not. It's a question whether He held on or not. It isn't looking at me, it's looking at Him. He was the One. If I... A man come here, not lone ago, said, "Brother Branham, I'm not worthy to be saved." I said, "No, you're not." And he started weeping. "He said I've tried since nineteen and forty to get saved." He said, "But I find myself not worthy." I said, "You never will be worthy." He said, "Then I can never be saved."

**25** I said, "Oh, no. It isn't you; it's Him." See? "God don't look at you, He looks at Him. And if you can find any fault in Him, then you can't be saved. But if there's no fault in Him, then you're all right. The blemish that you find in Him is on you. But if there's no blemish in you ... in Him, then there's no blemish on you." He said, "I see it, Brother Branham, I see it." He wanted to shout. I said, "Get straightened out first, then that'll take place next. You see?"

**26** So there, Job, after he knew that he had not sinned against God. But if a man is sincere, a person is sincere, mother bringing her babe here, a blind man sitting here, holding his cane, sitting right in front of me, a lady sitting here, with braces on her limbs, and crutches, different ones laying around. Look like a woman laying over here probably dying, I don't know, and in a dying condition. Another one laying here. Just look at that. Maybe some, may be setting out in that audience there, with heart trouble, that'll go before any of them; heart trouble is number one enemy. But God has to keep His promise, in order to be God. If He doesn't keep His promise, then He isn't God. Now, the main thing is, is to find out whether it's the will of God. It's easy to go... If God said, "Tomorrow, come down here, in this audience," and stood here, and we really knew that it was the Son of God, knew He was, and said, "Go not, any of you all, tomorrow. It's going to rain all day long."

**27** Well, it'd be easy for me to go home, and just go to bed, and say, "I ain't going out tomorrow, because it's going to rain all day." See? Because if He said so, it's going to rain. Don't you believe that? What you know God's will is, then you can look in God's Word, here, and find God's will for you. Don't you believe that? And then the only thing that this other does is straighten the individual, see. This is for the entire church, for everybody. And then if you get a full [unclear words] of faith, clean yourself up, or accept Jesus Christ, and believe Him, it's bound to bring God's Word to pass, because it's a seed.

**28** Now, Job knew he had not sinned. Wherefore, after all them trials, and all that trouble, Job just kept holding on. There was something about it that he knew that God loved him, and he loved God. Now, notice. After a while from the east came a little prince, by the name of Elihu, meaning, oh, or representated--representing Jesus Christ. Now, when he come to him, he said, "Don't despise my youth, because I'm younger than you are, Job. You're an old sage, probably way over a hundred and fifty, or hundred years old, or something. And I'm maybe just a young fellow, but don't despise my youth." First, he begin to straighten Job out, about where he'd done wrong, and things, of accusing God. Then when he begin to speak to him, not as a sinner ... here's what gets me. Not as a sinner ... he ... and Job begin to say, "Now, I ... all right, there's hope of a tree if it dies, or if a flower dies, why, it's little peddles drop off, and the little seed goes down into the earth, and the rains come and bury it, like a funeral procession, crying from the skies. And that little seed lays there, and it burst open, and pulp runs out of it, and everything is gone then. But is that the end of the flower?" No, sir.

```
Job 14:8 Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground;

Job 14:9 Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a plant.

Job 32:6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion.

```
**29** You women, here in Indiana, plant your flowers, you don't have to worry about that. A little seed drops out of there, and next spring, here's that flower again. There's nothing in the world that science can find in there, with that little germ of life. The pulp is gone. The seed is gone. The roots are dried up, and everything, but that flower lives again. God made a way for it to live again. Well, if He made a way for a flower to live again, what about a child of God, that's made in His image? Job says, "A man die, yeah, he giveth up the ghost. He wasteth away. His sons come to mourn, or do honor, and he perceiveth it not, and so forth. I can't understand. I see a flower--a seed buried, it comes to life. I see the flower die, raise again. But man layeth down, giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" See? "He don't rise again."

```
Job 14:10 But man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?

```
**30** Then Elihu tried to straighten him out. Now, I will give this just in childlike form, here. Now, he said, "Job, you're watching those flowers. They're in God's way, they haven't sinned, there's nothing about them that's sinned. But man sinned, and that's the reason you don't see him no more when he goes down. He goes down in shoal, or hades, and you don't see him no more. But yet, Job, there's coming One, a Just One, who'll stand in the breach, and put His hands on a sinful man, and a Holy God, and bridge the way, and stand in his place, and make intercessions for him. Then the man shall rise again." And then, Job, being a prophet, got in the Spirit, the thunders begin to roll, the lightnings flashed. Job stood on his feet, and said, "I know my redeemer liveth, and at the last days He will stand upon the earth: though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." He knew there was coming forth a day of resurrection. "In the last days," plural, see, last two thousand years, "my redeemer shall stand upon the earth."

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

```
**31** No wonder David cried out, "My flesh shall rest in hope, because He will not suffer my Holy One to see corruption, neither will He leave His soul in hell." All back there, all pointing to Calvary. Then, in Jesus, lays the complete of Salvation, the complete of divine healing, a... If there is no divine healing now, there is no resurrection of the dead. Oh, I'd like for you to wade over that. That's right. We have the first fruits of our inheritance (is that right?), the earnest of our Salvation. Is that right? The little touch that we have, when I walk up there to that stream, a while ago, and they were screaming, and praising God, and the Holy Spirit falling, and tears rolling down cheeks, when he was singing, All Hail The Power Of Jesus' Name. When I stood this morning, you heard that little duet this morning, sing that beautiful hymn. I suppose they sang it again tonight. And the Christians there, them old veterans that was beaten in war, and the tears rolling down their cheeks. What was it? It was the earnest of their salvation. The Holy Spirit there, of earnest, of... The earnest is the down payment, just what ... something to hold it.

```
Psalm 16:9 Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope.

Psalm 16:10 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.

Ephesians 1:13 In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,

Ephesians 1:14 Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.

```
**32** Then there is a proof. Yes, sir. When that comes upon us, it takes the desire of sin out of us. We have no more desire to sin, the worshipper once purged. Then someday when that becomes perfect, what will it be when we stand and hear the Angelic choir, sing, All Hail The Power Of Jesus' Name? What will it be on the other side? See what I mean? Now, then it, divine healing, is the earnest of our redeemed bodies. Here lays a woman dying with cancer. Our physicians, our earthly doctors walk up to her, and say, "There's nothing can be done." I could bring you record, after record where they were on the dead list, supposed to been dead three or four years ago, and tonight they can't find a trace of cancer, or nothing. What happened? A doctor says, "I just don't know. I don't know what happened."

```
Hebrews 10:2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.

```
**33** The earnest of our redeemed body. And if God can reach down, and take a cancer-ridden, like Miss Florence Nightingale, in my book there, you who've seen it, the great-granddaughter of the Florence Nightingale, the founder of the Red Cross. If God can reach down to that poor, wretched mortal, laying there, that couldn't even raise her hands, to shake hands, and couldn't speak till I could hear her. And put her to a hundred and fifty-five pounds in perfect health. That's the earnest of our resurrected body. Some of these days, my body may not be but a spoonful of ashes, but God shall send Jesus Christ, and all those other dead in Christ shall rise, and come forth with Him, made in His likeness. Don't you believe that? What is it? Prayer.

**34** Now, these men who had scorned, and had kindly made fun of Job, God said to them, "You go take an offering, and go down to Job, my righteous servant. I won't hear you, because you got too much folly. You haven't stood for truth. You haven't did what's right. Therefore, you take a burnt offering, and go down and offer a sacrifice, and ask my servant Job to pray for you, for I will hear him." There you are. Prayer changes things, doesn't it? "Go ask my servant Job, and let him pray for you. One that's been through the tests, one that I've found favor in, one that I've blessed." Now, if your ... if you got a good, godly pastor, and you're sick and the doctor can do nothing for you, go get that godly pastor to come to the house, and say, "Now, dear God, here is--here is my elder. Here is--here is my pastor. I know he's a good, godly man. I'm going to kneel with him here, beside of my baby. I ask you, dear Lord, to have mercy." Something has got to take place. That's all, see. "My servant Job will pray for you."

```
Job 42:8 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.

```
**35** Yet they were religious men; they were believers. But Job had to pray for them. Prayer, "The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." You believing? Here I get started talking, and talk too long. Let's bow our heads. Dear Lord, the hour is growing close now, and I just don't know what about these evidences has come in from the meeting, last evening. What would you have me do tonight, Lord? I stand here, not knowing now, which a way to go. No knowing whether, or which way to turn, but Thou will lead, O God. I just commit it to You. And these people are sincere that are sitting out here, in this hot building, now, fanning, knowing that just two more nights, according to the schedule, then we must separate for a while, many of us; some of us, until we meet Thee. Then we've got to come up there, stand in Your presence. God, be merciful. You know what struck my heart tonight, as I looked in the door there, or that curtain, and seen them poor people laying there. Sick, fanning, hot, and think they're here for one purpose: to try to find help from you. O God, I pray just now, just at this very moment, Lord. I've tried to find favor with You, Lord, in ever way that I know how. I love You, I love You, Lord, with ... if I know my heart, I love You with all my heart. You're before my wife, before my children, before anything. You are first in my life. Thou knowest that. Not only me, here tonight, but there's hundreds of others setting here, in the same way.

```
James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

```
**36** God, how happy we would be, if You'd just now ... I know You've already done the healing, if You could just give them a little extra push tonight, as it was, just push them into the pool while it's troubled, Lord. Grant it. And maybe that same Angel that whirled down from the skies, and troubled that water, maybe that's the same One that comes night after night. I do not know, Thou knowest. But the Bible said it was an Angel, I believe it. And I pray, Father, that while the waters will be stirred, tonight, troubled, choppy, people raising up here, looking to that, screaming out, may every one, the Angel of God just spread His great wings, as it were, around this building tonight, and push every one right into the pool. And may there come a perfect healing, tonight. Healing of soul and body, through this building. May there not be a feeble one, Lord, left. I know, according to Your Word, Lord, is all I have to go by, and with my ... all that I know how to believe. I believe that You have already paid for every person in here to be well. I believe that our Lord Jesus, Thy Son, did that at Calvary. And He said, "All things are possible, if you just believe. When you pray, believe, you receive what you ask for and, you shall have it." And then, besides all that, sending the witness of the Holy Spirit, You sent back to us gifts, and signs, and wonders, that would still cause us to know. When the world, and You know the educators would get a hold of the Bible, and their cold, ecclesiastical ways would cut it around, and explain this out, and that out.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

```
**37** Like Balaam, like Cain, of old, offering his sacrifice, and making an altar, and worshipping You, but not in the provided way, without blood. He was refused, rejected. And that same spirit lives on down through his children. But Abel, the just one, not so pretty, the altar is not so decorated, but come in the provided way, God's provided way, leading a lamb, a substitute, an innocent one to take a guilty one's place.

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:

```
**38** Father, we believe that You led Jesus to Calvary. He was born in a barn. Why the Prince of glory born in a barn? He was a lamb. Lambs are not born in beds; they're born in stables. And they led Him to Calvary. They led Him up there, just like Abel with a grapevine around the lamb's neck, led up to the rock. And there, as a sin offering for soul and body, He was made... It bruised Him, and mashed Him, and beat Him. And there He gave the Spirit into the hands of the Father, and the temple veil rent from top to bottom, a earthquake happened. They buried Him. On the third day, that morning star... After all the birds hushed singing, was Mary and Martha walking up the hill, wondering who to roll away the stone. Then all of a sudden, here come an Angel as a light, streaking down from the heavens, and the stone was rolled away. He came forth. And many of those who slept in the dust of the earth, the saints rose and came out of the graves, and entered into the city, meeting some of the old friends before going up. Oh, what a time, the first fruits, the earnest.

**39** Now, God help us tonight to believe. Help us to lay aside every shadowy weight, and just move right in now with perfect virgin, unadulterated faith, Lord, and be healed, every one. For we ask it in His Name. Amen. [Gap in the audio] Symptoms arise, see it's all by feeling then. Next morning when the symptoms arise, you say, "Oh, I--I've lost my healing. That's the way it is." See, but when you know where you're standing, you got a platform. You can reach right back to Jesus said to Satan, "It is written..." It ain't according to your feelings. Jesus never did say, "Did you feeled it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" Believe it, accept it, believe it. Brother Bosworth, I guess you're just as much of a veteran as there is in the United States on Divine healing. Is that the truth? That's the truth, isn't it? The way that Diving healing is, you have to believe it by the Word of God. Now, last night I believe we called up to fifty, last night. Was that right? I believe it was up to fifty. Now, let's start from fifty and go the other way tonight. And that just makes it equal each way. All right, and tomorrow night, if the good Lord will, and I'm going to find out about this report here. I'm going to do this if I possibly can in the next two--two or three meetings that I have; I'm going to try to throw my whole life right into the meetings, and--for I got two days of rest before starting in Zion. [Gap in the audio] ... Tribune packed two or three pages of it, you remember it... I believe the "Colliers" packed an article of it or something of that meeting. There it was, that there wasn't a feeble one left. Now, if you tonight can get in that same spiritual attitude. All with one accord, the Spirit moving, and every person, oh something's just got to happen. All right, maybe a little later I can tell you about what lit--what things that happen to me. Something later on see, I know just now. I... Do--do you believe me? With... Now how many have seen that picture there of the Angel of the Lord. Has seen it now, and read the copyright on it, and everything and what George J. Lacy... Now the books is right back there, if you wish them. And you can send and get a picture of it if you wan... Have to send to the Douglas Studios 'cause I haven't got nothing to do with it. That belongs to the American Photographers Association. I have nothing to do with it, see. And there is for the first time in all the world's history, a supernatural Being photographed on a mechanical lens. Think of it, that's the best FBI agent there is on fingerprint and so forth, that researched it. The best there is in the United States; he signed his name to it. There's a photostatic copy, that absolutely the light was standing there, "and is not psychology," he said. The light was standing there whirling, and the light struck the negative. There you are, so the science can't say today... That infidel says, "There is no God. Prove to me there is a God." I can produce the scientific evidence there is a God... Scientifically prove it. Amen. Oh, ho--wha--how happy I am. If I was dying right here in this building right now, and this would be my last service, my testimony is true. The church knows it, millions, many millions of people around the world. And how they searched in and tried; and agnostics, and unbelievers, and science, and laws, and everything else has went through it everywhere and tried to tear it apart, and every time God comes right back and vindicates it in power. And then the scientific world went in to find it and God pictured it yonder and showed it to him. And there they are tonight and stands as a memorial to ring out as long as there's a Christian civilization. There it is, hanging yonder now in Washington, DC. What do I say about it? I am a man. If you'll notice in the write-up, I had that put in there. The picture cannot be sold without that. I am not nothing but just a man, like you are; a sinner saved by grace. But it--what it is that I'm trying to tell you what is truth; that Jesus Christ purchased your healing every one of you at Calvary, and He's right now already got your healing ready for you. It's ready to hand to you when you'll reach up and get it. Oh how simple, how wonderful! And the Angel of God Who I speak of, isn't standing three feet from me now. Now, that is true, surely I couldn't tell you nothing wrong. Surely God has proven to you that my words are truth. Not because I'm saying them, but because they are true, see. He's near, right now. Now He is God's messenger, I'm just His mouthpiece. I only say what He tells me. All right, everyone be reverent. Now lady, I want you to come up here just a little closer. I get this microphone down. [Brother Branham adjusts microphone] Can you hear me when I'm standing back this way? Can you hear good?... There's something wrong, maybe I get this up a little bit closer here. Can you hear better now? [Audience says "Yes."] All right, that's fine. Now, sometimes... now Billy, or some of you watch. It's--if it gets anointing and I get away, well you move it up close, see. When you're in a vision you can't tell what you're talking abou... you know you're talking. But you can't know just how loud you're talking or something, you just... I--I just can't explain it. But now, lady, I--you are Christian. I see that now, see, just as soon as you walked forward. If you wasn't, there would be a resentment there, see and I'd know that you wasn't a Christian; or something in your life that was holding you back, some evil something that in your soul, something that you could correct in some way. But it's... I believe that you are a--a Christian, or your sin's under the Blood. And I... If it wasn't, in His Presence now it would be different. See? I'd say, "Now, there's something wrong, somewhere." But no doubt, but what you're a sincere believer. And now, I'm your brother. I--I know nothing about you, never seen you in my life. I couldn't know one thing about you; it's all just has to be come down from God.

**40** Now, the reason I believe the He will, is because gifts and callings are without repentance, see. God gives the gifts. He won't take that away, but if I use it wrong, then He will deal with me for it, see. Now, that's the reason I'm trying to just say all that I can, and you hear me bragging on Jesus, always about Jesus. Jesus always, never myself, it's Jesus. You see? It's Him, it's Him, it's Him. I have nothing to do with it. I'm just His mouthpiece. Just as if the president of the United States would make me an ambassador to Germany, see. My words then, in Germany, would be just exactly what the president told me to say. And if I said them, what he told me to say, then everything that's in the United States is behind them words. Is that right? Is that right, audience? He will have to back up, if I'm an ambassador.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**41** Then if I be a minister sent from God, as this, and what I pronounce here, and if it be coming from God, everything that's in Heaven is to back that Word up. Is that right? Because it's giving right straight, fresh off of the Throne, to say what it is, and to do about it. Is that right? Now, if that was at my leisure, you know what I'd do now? If that was at my leisure, to do with just ... in my hand, to do whatever I could, I'd walk right down. I'd see ... I'd say, "How many people here has got heart trouble?" I'd bring all them up first, and heal every one of them. Then I'd say, "Bring all the TB up, and all the cancers up, they're going to die first." Then I'd look around see these people crippled, I'd say, "They want to get up and walk around." Though they may live a normal life. They may live for years, and years being crippled, but them heart troubles is going to die right away, if something isn't done, see. Cancer and so forth, they're eat up, and gone. So, get them. Then the next, I'd go down, and get all these crippled people, I'd heal every one of them. Wouldn't that be wonderful? But it's not for me to do. See? I can't do it. Now, the only thing I can do, is to make you believe, and, or try my best to get you to believe in the Lord Jesus.

**42** I've talked a long time to you, because that I'm waiting to ... I seen there's someone setting right behind you there, it's breaking in. If you would turn like this, just a little bit better, it would be better, see. Human beings, each one is possessed with a spirit, see. And then, your spirit, and my spirit, then, if I have an anointing of a different spirit, anointing here, of the Holy Spirit, which is a gift of God, coming from God, to do something for you, and in you would happen to be an evil one, like a cancer, or tumor, or some growth, something that's got life in it, besides your life, well then, them two goes to dueling. You see? One will say, "You'll have to come." The other one say, "Don't you believe it." The other one say, "He will have to come." The other one say, "Don't believe it."

**43** See? And I'm talking to you, just to see what takes place. Then when it happened, there it is. You see? It depends on your faith, and what I'm speaking of Jesus Christ, see. That's ... see the story? Now, wouldn't you like to go home, and eat again, and have a good, sound meal? That stomach's bothered you so long, hasn't it? Isn't that right? Now, you go ahead, and do what you want to. And God bless you [unclear words] . Amen. Let's say, "Praise be to God!" Everybody [unclear words] . Now, I say this with all my heart. While speaking to the little lady, before I forget the vision, what it was, poor little woman's had a time. And there was more wrong with the woman than what she thought there was, see. But she did have a stomach trouble, which she's a nervous, she's an upset person. And she's one of those people that always has got in her mind, something way back there she's thinking about all the time. Isn't that about your nature, lady? And you've been suffering other things, too, see. And I just didn't want to say it, but with all my heart and soul, woman, I believe you'll never suffer no more. You're going to get well.See? I believe it.

**44** Now, you come, lady, and stand right around this a way, if you will, so I can talk to you just a moment. Now, do you believe these things that I have said? Do you believe it to be truly sent from God? Do you, with all your heart, you believe that? Well, I'm happy that you do, for I can only say... Now, the only thing that I could do, was just be see what was wrong with you, see. Just like, or, if it was in the line of sin, I might be able to know that. And if you've confessed it, well, probably I ... it's under the blood then, you see, and that's done. He, when you confess a sin, He puts it in the sea of forgetfulness, to remember it against you no more. It's just... And you know what this bleach is, that you use for your washing, Clorox, ever what it is? Well, you take just one drop of ink, and drop it into that tub of bleach, what would happen to that drop of ink? You couldn't find it, could you? It would just--it would just be bleach. Is that right?

**45** Well that's the way sin does when it hits the blood of Jesus Christ. It's just no more. He don't know what happens to it. It's ... you couldn't get it out of there if you had to any more, she's just done. That's right. Color, there's color of black ink, but it ain't black no more, see. It's gone. The black has become white, and the black is gone somewhere, and you don't know where it's went. Is that right? That's the way sin is. Now, if you will accept Jesus as your healer, that heart trouble that you've been suffering with will be just as the ink was when he hit the water. Do you do it? All right. You had a smothering heart, blockage of the heart. Is that right. And now, it's been causing you trouble for some time.

**46** But now, you go on your road, and sister, in the name of our Master, Jesus Christ, who has sent His Angel to vindicate these things, that I, His servant, speak the truth, may He bless you. In Christ Jesus' name. Amen. Now, go believing, sister, and be over the rest of your [unclear words] . All right [unclear words] sir. Now, you believe with all your heart, sir? I believe you do, sir. And now, you had the same thing she has, all right. But do you believe He's healed you now? All right, sir. Then in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may you go off this platform and get sound and well. Amen. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise be to God."

**47** Those heart troubles, a pressure moving, heart trouble, heart trouble, every where. Here, just a moment. What made you jump then? You have heart trouble, too, or you did have. Isn't that right? The little lady, sit ... isn't that true? Stand upon your feet. Yes, you with the white hat on, you the one suffering with heart trouble. Isn't that right? All right, you're healed, so is she. And the lady setting next to you there with cancer, she can get healed too, if she will just raise up and believe it. Do you believe it? Do you believe the cancer leaves you? You do? If you do, raise up your hand. All right. You can go home, also. God bless you. Go on your road, rejoicing. Now, here He is. Oh, what could happen; what will happen! That lays within you, not within me; within you!

**48** Howdy do, sir. God bless you, Reverend. How you getting along? All right. Yes, sir, you want to be well? Well in the name of Jesus Christ, receive your healing. God bless you. Go eat now what you wish to. All right. Let's say, "Praise the Lord!" Do you believe with all your heart? God bless you, mother. That's the way. Come, go in, right off the platform, saying, "Thank you, Jesus, for healing me." Lord Jesus, as these poor, old mothers come, their lives battered down, their suitcases packed, ready to cross the river, God, bless them, and make their days happy. In Jesus' name, heal this woman. Amen. God Bless you, mother. Go on your road, rejoicing, happy, believing with all your heart.

**49** All right, sister. Do you believe? With all your heart? Would you like to walk real close to Him, love Him with all your heart? Do you believe He'd make your eyes get well, then? [I know He will.] He will. All right, sir, you shall have it. In the name of Jesus Christ, God, grant to this woman, the desire of her heart, for it's for Your glory I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Go believing now. Let's say, "Praise be to God!" [Congregation says, "Praise be to God."] Thanks be to God! Praise God! You could be healed of that rupture, if you would just believe it with all your heart, sir. Do you believe it? Then stand up, and say, "I accept my healing now." All right, that's good. Thank you, brother. That's the way to do it. Yeah.

**50** What's the matter, your wife there, moving around? Look over this way, sister. You believe with your heart, too? Like to get over that arthritis? You like to be made well? If you would, stand up on your feet, then, say, "I accept my healing now, in the name of Jesus Christ." That's the way to do it. You also, sister, go off the platform, saying, "Thank you, Jesus," and made well. Let's say, "Praise be to God!" All right, let's bow our heads, just a moment. Father, in heaven, heal this woman, and make her completely well. Satan, leave her. I say, in Jesus Christ's name, come from the woman. You believe? Believe He makes you well now? You hear me all right? Can you hear me now? All right. And you are healed. You can go off the platform and be made well. Let's say, "Praise be to God!" [Congregation says, "Praise be to God!"]

**51** Oh my, how I just see them people out there, just seems like it becomes a mass to me. And how that I think that Satan just ... oh, if I could just break that spirit above you right now. That's all. Satan waving his black wings around there, and trying his best to get you to keep from you believing. If there's some way that that could move away, then there would be nothing between you and the glory land of God, which would fall upon you and heal every person here. Believe with all your heart. All right, a little boy. Well, God bless your little heart. Howdy do, sonny boy. Ah, glad to meet you. Now, this is just a lad. Now, he doesn't understand what these things are. So, let's talk to him just a minute. Now, laddy boy, do you believe that when Jesus was here on earth ... You go to Sunday school? You do. You like to go to Sunday school. You like to read about Jesus? Now, when Jesus was here on earth, and He would picked up little fellows like you, and He'd put His hands on them and bless them. And He said, "Suffer little children to come to me, forbid them not: for such is the kingdom," see?

```
Matthew 19:14 But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.

Mark 10:14 But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

Luke 18:16 But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

```
**52** Now, if He was here tonight, and was down here in Hammond, somewhere, and, why, you'd go to Him, and He'd lay His hands upon you, and you'd get well, see, now, because He would be Jesus. Now, He has--He's gone up to His Father's house, up in Glory. And He sets up there, at the right hand of His Father, tonight, on His Father's throne, to make intercessions for us. Maybe you don't ... in other wise, when we pray, or ask Him anything, He stands before the Father, and shows the blood. "Father, I died for that purpose," see. And then, they, then it happens. Now, if He was here, here is one thing that He went up there, but He sent back the Holy Spirit, see. And the Holy Spirit is here, tonight. And He sent me, His servant, to help you. Do you believe that? You do. I know you do.

**53** Now, look. I don't know you, little fellow, do I? I never seen you. But now, if I was standing here as God's prophet, and would speak to you, and tell you something about your life, that you know about, then you'd believe, wouldn't you? Now, look. Sometime ago, in a room where you was, you choke up, you can't hardy breathe. You've got asthma. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? At night time, a lot of times, you have trouble with breathing. Isn't that right? And the light in the room, sometimes it ... when you get choked up, they come talk to you, and work with you. That's, see, that's asthma. That's what's bothers you. Is that true? All right. Now, you come here, honey.

**54** Dear God, as this dear little, Ethiopian boy standing here, and I hug him up to my bosom. I love these little boys, Lord. And I pray that in the name of Your Son, Jesus, as this tender, little boy, that'll have to go through life with that asthma; O God, a poor boy, would have to work for his living. And, ah, what a disadvantage it would be. Now, God, I pray tonight, that You'll heal him of this condition. Take it away from him, and anoint him, and make him a preacher, Lord, to stand in the pulpit, to preach the Gospel. I pray this prayer of faith, through Jesus Christ' name. Amen. God bless you, little lad. What's going to happen now? Going to get well? All right. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise the Lord!"

**55** God bless you, sister. Do you believe, too? ["Amen."] Our heavenly Father, I ask You to be merciful to the woman, knowing that only You can heal her, so I pray that You'll grant it, and make her well, in the name of Jesus, Thy Son. Amen. Now, do you believe like that little boy believed? ["Yes. I do."] All right. Go rejoicing, and happy. Write your testimony out, letting me know what happened to you. All right, lady. Do you believe with all your heart, if I should ask the Lord Jesus, He would make you well? All right, come here. Dear Jesus, here is a woman standing here. She is in need. Thou knowest it, knows all things. And as Your servant, I ask tonight, as Your Holy Spirit is in the building, anointing, and giving these wonderful things: the great signs just before the judgment, as You promised would come. And as holding her hand, I ask, Lord, that You'll heal her. And may she return tonight, happy, joyful, praising God, and be made well, through Jesus Christ' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, go believing with all your heart, saying, "Thank you, Lord." All right. Let the lady come now.

**56** Excuse me just a moment. You like that word? Isn't it wonderful? He is wonderful. There's something wrong with this woman, and it's calling for mercy. See? And there's somebody, and I don't know what it is, so just a moment. Every one be reverent. I want to talk to you just a moment. You stand back in this way, if you will. [Gap in the audio] You believe, lady, with all your heart? [The lady responds "I do."] I believe that. And I believe you'll never be bothered with that back no more. Let us bless... God bless you, go off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Thanks be to God." [Gap in the audio] All things are possible. Up there in the balcony, looking at me, the Spirit of God's been moving in that audience, there for quite some time. Do you believe me as God's prophet, with all your heart? I see the Spirit of God moving right down through this a-way, right straight ahead of me. It stopped now. It's left me. Now, just a moment, everybody believe with all your heart. Oh, I--I know He's here friend. Praise be to God. Lady, you had heart trouble sitting there, next to the lady with the pink dress on, sitting there. If you want to be healed, you can stand up on your feet, and accept your healing, there in the second row. If you want to be healed, stand up on your feet and be made well. God bless you. All right, that's fine. All right. Aren't you, the colored lady sitting there, there's something wrong with your... suffering in your head, isn't that right? I see you moving you--all right, raise up. You're healed, that's right. God bless you. Amen. Amen. That other, big, colored lady sitting right over there, with that tumor, she can raise up and go home, too. She's been made well, also. God bless you, lady. Hallelujah. All right, lady, go home and eat what you want to, your stomach trouble left you while you were sitting there. You can go back, go any way you want to. How wonderful. You believe for the baby? Oh, Jesus, bless this poor, little, nervous child, and make it well; as I bless it in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus. Amen. God bless you, Brother Cox. [Gap in the audio] Is that relative of yours? I thought it was. I thought it was. Go and the Lord grant His healing powers. Have faith. Believe. All right, lady. Now, there it goes screaming all out through there again. Moving from every side of the building. There's people all through here suffering with the same thing this woman has. It's been moving at me every time I spoke to a patient tonight. All you people with stomach trouble... You have stomach trouble, don't you lady? Everyone with stomach trouble stand on your feet. See what I mean? There you are. What about... Lord, God of heavens and earth, let it be known this night, that You're God, and I'm Your prophet. I now claim the healing power of Jesus Christ. Heal them every one, in Jesus' Name. All right. Go sister, go home each one of you, or eat what you want to. [Brother Branham speaks to someone on platform] No, just a minute. Get back, get back, just one moment. Satan's a loser. Satan's a loser. Go ahead, lady, you was healed then. Your stomach trouble also, so you can go head home. You was healed standing there in the line, every... rest of them. All right. God bless you, just go on. Oh, what can God do now? What? Bring the lady here. Let me show you something. What this lady suffers with, the ho--there's dozens of you in here with it. This woman's suffering with a mental nervousness. She's real nervous and upset, isn't that right? Min--rai--raise your hand if it's the truth. All right. How many in here has that kind of a nervousness, raise to your feet, to be healed at this time. Come on, I know you're here. That spirit's begging, "Mercy, mercy, mercy." What... Here's what God's been wanting me to do, I just fell into it, right here. Satan, you're a loser, in Jesus Christ's Name, come out of everyone of them... All right. Five years, that's what I'm talking about. That's what God's been wanting, I couldn't see it till now. I see what He means. Every person in here can go home and eat without stomach trouble; that was bad. Every nervous case, can go home and be well. Now, just a moment, here it is again. Now, just a moment, there's a strong move from this man. Oh, here it is. You have cancer, sir. You have cancer. So do you. Isn't that right? Yes. She had cancer. That's right. Lady, you can't live without God; neither can you. Every person has cancer, stand to your feet. Are you ready to be healed? Are you? Are you ready to rise from that cot... go home, and be made well? All right. In the Name of Jesus Christ, get up, go home... Rise up and walk, in the Name of the Lord Jesus... In the Name of the Lord Jesus... go home and be made well..?... go home and get well. Almighty God, in the Name of Your Son, Jesus Christ, I rebuke every demon power. Come out... principalities. Come out of these people.
