---
Date: 1961-04-30
Title: Super Sign
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Stephen Mather High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 10 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Super Sign



**1** While we remain standing just a moment, let's speak to this great one that we're adoring so this afternoon, our Lord Jesus. Our heavenly Father, we are bowing our hearts to You, and our heads, that we might express to You in this simple way, of the way of communicating through prayer, that we are grateful for all that our ears have heard, and our eyes has beheld, of your presence with your church in this last day of these great signs of his coming. And may it be a rejoicing time for thy church, for it is said when these things begin to come to pass, then lift up our heads. Redemption is drawing nigh. And we pray that that will be our attitude. And we are grateful for what You have done for us, and the effects of your presence has left upon the people. And may it always be there. May they always love You, Jesus, with all their heart. Some day, I, your servant will have to go. But if You should take me before I have a chance to get back again, let them know that You're the immortal God that cannot die, and You will be with them forever. And if it would so please You in another time for your servant to return, to minister with your servants, I pray that You will grant that to us. Bless every minister. God, we pray that every man of God would be freshly anointed with the Holy Ghost. And as our brother has expressed that young men will rise up, and get anointed with the Spirit---the spirit of love, the spirit of fellowship, the spirit of power---that they might help to take this gospel into all the world. For, Lord, we realize that today the cause is needy. It's later than we think. And we pray, heavenly Father, that You will bless their churches here. And may there be an old-fashioned revival break out here in Chicago, and may the Holy Spirit come down and cause this to happen. I pray for the Christian Businessmen's chapter, that You will bless them. And may they be instruments in getting many men into the fellowship of Christ. Grant it, Lord, all of them. Thank You for this auditorium, and for those who let us have it. We are grateful, Lord, to be in a free country yet, where we can still worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience. We're grateful for men who still believe the message, and women, boys and girls. Bless these engineers, custodians of the building, Father. We pray that You will be with them, and everybody in divine presence.

**2** Thank You, Father, for the gifts of your people that has helped to carry this meeting on. Every one, Lord, I pray that You will bless them. I thank You for the love offering that your children gave me through your direction. And I pray, heavenly Father, that it will return to them a hundred fold, and in glory where our true treasures is laid up, may they receive a bountiful blessings from it. Help us now, and sanctify the Word as I commit myself to it, and to the Spirit, that we might go from here this afternoon like those coming from Emmaus, saying, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He talked to us along the road?" for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated.

```
Luke 24:32 And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?

```
**3** Thank you so much for your kind attendance, for all that you have done, and said, and for all that you have given, and your cooperation. I want to thank this fine group of brethren back here this afternoon, for this great ministerial representation, brothers of like precious faith who stands for the same gospel that we're preaching. May God enrich your ministries wherever you are, and give new born babes every time you preach. May great signs of Pentecost awaken in your church, and great marvelous things be done by Christ. May this chapter never die. We know the church won't, and I pray that the chapter won't---will fellowship with the church until the time comes. God be with them.

**4** And to all you dear people, you sent me little gifts. A brother sent me a big bunch of cookies, and, oh, so many things; and gifts that people has given Billy, and them, this week, to go into the offering of God, and so forth. And the love offerings, you remember what they are---they are offerings that goes for foreign missions. And then, what I can't use---just for what I have to have for myself, and children---the rest of it goes to foreign missions to help carry the gospel, just as soon as I'm free (And I know that's right away, see. I just know it.), and to those who cannot even afford something to eat in the foreign fields. We never ask them for a penny. We just go in, sponsor everything with the money that you give me, because I know I'm going to have to answer for it; and I want to be sure that it goes the right way, because I'm the one that has to answer as a steward of God's money.

**5** And I trust that the Almighty will bless you exceedingly abundantly. Now may his grace rest upon you. And remember, any time that you'd like to drop me a little card, just Jeffersonville, Indiana. If you want to, Post Office Box 325. We're not trying to get your address because ... I think my secretary is here today, of the church---Brother Jim Maguire---and I know we have a hard time getting help to answer the letters. But we're just only interested in trying to help you---on little cloths that we can send to you, a question... Now, if there's any question of doctrine, don't ask me. I'd rather you'd ask the pastor, you see, because that's his duty. If he's carried you safely this far with God, he'll take you the rest of the way through. And so, you just ask your pastor doctrine, because I don't like to answer those questions, because they may be... Every one of us up here, we might disagree each one with the other. There's none ... no two of our thumbs alike, they say; no two of our noses. I guess you're happy about that, brethren ... got a nose like mine.

**6** And so, there's... We might disagree upon eating. One might like apple pie; when I certainly appreciate that big, hot, cherry pie which you sent me awhile ago. Just wait till I get started down the road! And so, I really love it. I'll have a gastronomical jubilee out of that, the Lord willing. So ... I'm hungry anyhow. And during the meetings I don't eat but about once a day, and sometimes twice---a little light breakfast, and then about middle of the day something light; and then wait till the next morning. Again, sometimes none at all. The last meeting I had ... I believe it was these little vanilla wafers, and some kind of a pulverized milk, through the whole meeting, so I could be at my best. Young students was sitting there, and I wanted to be just right, so if the Holy Spirit spoke---and He did (that's right)---

**7** and just eat what I could hardly... Remember, friends, I've been constantly in the field since Christmas, just constantly going, till I'm really tired---really tired---this afternoon. And it'll be quite a while before I get some rest. I've got a few days coming. I'm going right out now for three or four days' rest. But anyone knows that you can't rest in three or four days. You got to take a complete rest, and build up again. And see ... you see just right here, what is right here happening here. Why, through the day in those interviews, there's many, many, many times more. And here you just see some ... the Holy Spirit call somebody, and say something about them, like that. But in them private interviews, there are people who are Christians, maybe, but they got something in life that they just simply can't ... they can't get it moved out. They don't know which way to go, and they've got to have a word from God. And I wish I could say, "Come on down on one." But friends, there's about ... I think my secretary out there says there's six hundred and something waiting from all over the world, see. And so ... but we'll be glad to put your name on the list, just as we can get to them. And someone...

**8** You know, the Bible says certain things. But if there's things tied in life, like... The commandments had the ten commandments; but then God had a seer, that when something come that wasn't wrote on the commandments, then God's word was with the prophet that revealed it, what it was to be. And God don't change. He still has the same avenues, if we just open them up. That's all. That's what we need today, is a opening up of the avenues, as I said the other night about "keep digging." Dig out all the clogs. We still got... The channels are here, and they were all opened up at Calvary, and they was opened up in the wilderness. And they'll be opened today, if we'll just get the stuff out of the way---all of our unbelief ---and believe that God still is God.

**9** And if you'd like for me to pray over a cloth, and send it to you, I'll be glad to do that. I see each night and day they have cloths laying up here. We send them out by the thousands around the world. And they can do more than we can. Only thing, it's just a contact to the people. Many great things happen. They're free. Nothing we have of our own that we sell. We got some books here they sell, but they don't belong to us. They belong to Mr. Stadsklev, and Mr. Lindsay, and different ones that... We buy them from them, at forty cents less (forty per cent). Then we have to pay so much a week for boys to sell them, and so much for carrying them, so much for freight. You just don't break even on them. That's all. The meeting has to help hold that up.

**10** And then, I've always said that if there's anyone comes by---to Leo and Gene, and them that's selling the books, and they're paid agents by the church to sell the books... If somebody comes by (mother, dad, or somebody) and they say, "I'd like to have one, but I just haven't got a penny," I just give it to them anyhow. Let them have it. After all, it's ... we're trying to get the Word of God out. Somewhere, some part of the offering, or something will catch up for it. And what we have left, then we invest it again in some more books that someone else prints, and we buy them from them. I do not own them. They're from someone else. So I appreciate all, and I ... certainly my fellow ministers, Brother David DuPlessis, and Brother Boze, and many of the great ministers here of Chicago that I've had the privilege of meeting. May the Lord's richest blessings be upon you, his servants, and upon you, his people.

**11** Now I have to be a little quick this afternoon, because we won't have time. And I certainly respect you people coming out here, and the sheep of these shepherds here, that God has give them by the Holy Ghost overseership. And we're going to try to let out early enough so you can go home, and go to church tonight. That, I think, was the Christian Businessmen's principles. We've adopted that long ago. It was not the churches. Now, even when all the churches are in cooperation, we still prefer the Sunday afternoon, so people... I think every person ought to attend your church. I think that's your place, your post of duty.

**12** Now, this afternoon I would like to read... I've got some text wrote out here, and some scriptures, and little references, and so forth. I'd like for you---if you're keeping record of these things, and if you'll give me your undivided attention just for ... as quick as the Holy Spirit will let me stop---turn with me to Isaiah, the seventh chapter and the fourteenth verse. I wish to read for a Scripture reading: Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel. And I want to speak this afternoon upon the subject of the "Super Sign," if I could call it a subject or a text. Super Sign. This is the day of "super." Everything has to be super. Or, if it isn't a super product, it won't sell. And we remember that because that human beings, God knowing their nature... And something in man, that no matter how far he has fallen, yet in design he is a son of God, designly. God designed him in his own fashion.

```
Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.

```
**13** And we look down sometimes upon our pretty homes. Many times I go down into Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Florida. And those people down there take better care of their backyard, and cutting their grass, than I do with what hair I got left---feather edge. Some men just keep every little blade of grass out of the way; beautiful structures with mammoth paintings, that probably cost thousands of dollars; the palm trees with a line of neon lights around it, and flood lights at nighttime to reflect glows of rainbow in beautiful lights, with yachts in the back yard coming up through a canal from the main peninsula of water coming in.

**14** And I stop and think that about three hundred years ago that was a swamp of primitive alligators, crocodiles, swamps. Men go in there with machinery, and dig out all the foul bushes, and so forth; and take big blowers and blow this sand up, and put foundations down, and build homes and make causeways, and so forth---build beautiful structures. What does that? Because inside of him he is an amateur creator. He cannot create, but he can take something that already has been created, and almost make another creation out of it---his intelligence, his intellects. Now we see the difference. An animal never changes his haunt. The fox still lives like he did thousands of years ago. The bird still builds the same kind of a nest, and the fish still spawns in the sand. The monkey still lives in the tree, and we find animal life just primitive. But man is in the image of God, so he keeps building up.

**15** So today we've come to a place till it's everything that we speak of that's got any sale value is super. We go to the supermarket. The little corner store is run out of business. The supermarket, it's got to be super duper, something big. You buy stamps, pay a nickel a piece for them---trading stamps. Don't you think they're give to you, because they're not. You pay for them dearly.

**16** But it's ... the eyes of the public has to catch it---television, newspapers. Recently I was listening at a radio broadcast. It said, "Don't be old-fashioned. Use the new detergents. No wash, no wipe. Dip the dish through, and it's perfectly clean. All you have to do is just ... well, just dip in the water, and throw it up in the rack. It's all right. Oh, don't be old-fashioned." That commercial went off, and another come on. And it said, "Don't burn your pretty hands with these new detergents. Use a certain ... another kind of old-fashioned Oxydol." Said, "Because look how grandmother's hands looked. Look how mother's hands looked. They used soap suds ... not burn your hands up with this new detergents they got." And Colgate-Palmolive Peet puts out both articles. Made right there in Jeffersonville. See, the people like to be fooled. And the devil's got them in that condition, so that when something real comes along they still think they're fooled. They that wait upon the Lord... They that know God shall do exploits.

```
Isaiah 40:31 But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.

Daniel 11:32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.

```
**17** But we're in a super ... super sales, super, super, super, super, super, super everything. Super cars, super jets, oh, super jets, super speed, everything's a super. Super race, oh, everyone wants to be a super race. Hitler just told the Germans that they were super people; found out they wasn't. Super, super, everything is super. And now, all of it mounts up to sense, if you will just stop and study. Because it is some creatures that God created, and they're in that "super" idea. It has to be super. So all these things mean one thing. It's a sign. It's a sign of super-darkness coming. Super-darkness. They have...

**18** Adam began it in the garden of Eden. He wanted a super religion. And everything is super, super. And it only means that we're going out into darkness with these super things, 'cause they got a super gun that will shoot a super shell, that'll blow up a super space, you know. Everything is a super---shoot, kill... Oh, man has always tried to achieve something super by himself. He never wants to take God's way about it. He wants to achieve something himself. Adam had a super religion. He had a religion that he made hisself, trying to have a super religion without an atonement for sin. Man's got the same thing, trying to do it today, have a religion without an atonement. You've got to have an atonement. When atonement ... touch you, you're cleansed from sin and unbelief. But Adam wanted something super, something he done hisself. He wanted to achieve something. That's in man. Adam showed it when he made himself the fig leaves, aprons to put on. We find out he wanted that super, something that he wanted to do himself.

```
Genesis 3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.

```
**19** A little later on in Genesis we find a man by the name of Nimrod. He wanted to build a super tower. He wanted to build something that he could leave to the world: "You see what I achieved, something that I have done? Now you people go ahead, and live any way you want to. And if God ever takes a notion to destroy us, we'll just run right up this tower. We'll be plumb free from all the flood. Live as you want to." That's the way man tries to do today, with his super religion. "Live the way you want to. We got a holy man that's praying for you---the priest, the bishop, or somebody. Just go ahead. We got super structures. We got big churches, and big organizations. Just go ahead. As long as you belong to it, it's all right." You're going to find out that it'll fall, like every man's achievements. It's got to.

```
Genesis 10:8 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.

Genesis 10:9 He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.

Genesis 10:10 And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.

Genesis 11:4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.

```
**20** Then, after that come a man by the name of Nebuchadnezzar, who thought he could build a super city, something to achieve himself. One day he walked out, and he said, "You see what I have done?" and God changed his heart to the heart of a beast. He got the best scientists that the world had, like Nimrod did to build the tower. And Nebuchadnezzar got the best scientists, the best army, the best mechanism that was to be gotten. He put it all on the inside of a great super wall, that even they say they could run chariot races across that wall. And he got everything in there. What did they do as soon as they got in there? "Live any way you want to. No other nation can bother us. Nobody on the outside can get in. We've got the world conquered." What happened one night? Remember, God can see from above.

```
Genesis 11:4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.

Daniel 4:16 Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him: and let seven times pass over him.

Daniel 4:30 The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honour of my majesty?

Daniel 5:5 In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaster of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote.

```
**21** And when they were having a television show, they wanted to crack some jokes about religion. And they went and got the holy vessels of God, and began to make fun of them by drinking wine out of them. And there come an unknown tongues writing on the wall, and all of their super race didn't know what it meant. But they had one man among them who could interpret unknown tongues---Daniel. And remember, that's the way the Gentile church came in, and that's the same way it goes out. And in this great feast of Belshazzar, God came down and had the Chaldeans to dig around the place, and drain out the water, come under the gate. The super city amounted to nothing, so it lays in ruins today. Our own beloved country here... As we came from England---which was called the "Queen of the Sea" in the day and she still calls herself "Queen of the Sea"), we wanted to beat them. So we built us a super ship. We achieved something to build a great ship that our scientists, and our great intelligence, said it could not sink. God, with his mighty hand, showed that no matter what man can achieve, it's gone to the dust. The Titanic sunk like all other man achievements. Our super ship didn't do one bit of good. Made a voyage or so, and then she struck an iceberg and went to the bottom of the sea.

```
Daniel 5:1 Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand.

```
**22** France tried to build the Siegfried line, Germany the Maginot line, after the first World War. Then France still wanted their women, wine, and big times, and they built the line, and faced all their guns towards Germany. "Come on now, let's eat drink and be merry. Everything is just fine." What happened? Germany marched right around behind it. They forgot how to ... left their place to turn their guns, and Germany crashed it down. Germany later built a Maginot line. The American blockbuster tore it to pieces. So you see, everything that man tries to hide hisself behind with his own achievement, he's bound to lose. I wish I had enough education to place this the way that I know it is. I hope what I lack in education the Holy Spirit will reveal by his being---

**23** that you can see any man-made thing has to crumble. And man is constantly by his nature trying to achieve something he can leave for a memorial, something he did. The church has tried to achieve something. They've tried to achieve an organization by man-made theories, by education, by man-made theology. Achieve---every person working for their organization. What has happened to it? In the whole thing, where is God? And every church wants their pastor to be a Ph.D., LL.D., which is all right, as long as you've got that plus God. But when you go off on these tantrums to try to build something yourself, to show that your organization is smarter, or a better-dressed crowd, higher ethics, the mayor of the city comes to your church, you are on sinking sand. Don't you forget that, Chicago. If I never speak again to you, you remember that. Those things has to sink and give away.

**24** The Baptists think they'll build them an organization; the Methodist the same way; Catholic the same way; Presbyterians the same way; Nazarenes, Pentecostal, Pilgrim Holiness, all of it, some man-made achievement. But it's just as sure to sink as Nimrod's tower did, and Nebuchadnezzar's city did. Like America's Titanic went down, so will they go down. Have to, every man-made achievement. Where is the Titanic today? In the bottom of the sea. Where is Nimrod's tower? She's fallen to the earth. Where is Nebuchadnezzar's immortal city? It's sunk. Where is France's Siegfried line? She's blown to pieces. Where is Germany's Maginot line? She's burst into pieces. Where is the denominational church? Dead. What is it? All of it is a historical memory. All that's left of the Siegfried line is history. All that's left of the Maginot line is history. All that's left of the towers is history.

**25** And all the church has got today is a history. What Moody said, what Sankey said, what Finney said, what Smith said, what so-and-so said: it's a history. But God still lives just the same, and He always will live. It's a history. "We begin in nineteen and nine." "We begin way back in Luther's time." "We begin in..." Oh, my! God never did begin. He never will end. Everything that has a beginning has an end, but it's those things that never did begin that don't end. That's the reason no matter how much achievement we make in this world towards building our crops, our denominations, our buildings, our structures, they all begin and they all end. And we have a beginning and an end. But when we receive Christ we receive God. God is eternal, and we become eternal with God through eternal life, which never did begin, or never will end.

**26** Don't you let that depart from you. Keep it in your minds and hearts fresh as long as you live. Every man-made achievement must fall. But it's in him to do that, to do so. Adam, his father, proved it. He just wouldn't just go ahead and do God's will, do what God said. And when he found out he was wrong, then he tried to make his own way. He tried to leave a memorial. "I was the one who started the Adam religion." Oh, it's still here. Certainly it is. It's still here. We still got it---man-made theories without an atonement. Oh, they claim the atonement, but the atonement cleanses from sin, and sin is unbelief. And when a man is a unbeliever in the Word of God, saying that Jesus Christ is not the same in the same power, he is a unbeliever. He might belong to the greatest denomination, and have a Ph., L.L.D. He might be a professor, bishop or whatever he might be. He's still a unbelieving sinner.

**27** Jesus said to that man-made system in his days... They was holy. You couldn't touch them. Reverend men, holy and without blame. He said, "You are of your father, the devil," because they did not believe Him. He was the Word of God made flesh, living here on earth among us, God's Word. Oh, it's all become history now. God remains. But in all of it, as the forked lightning in a stormy night flashes forth, it shows there can be light in darkness. It proves that no matter how dark it gets, there still can be light. So man, wanting to make signs, and to have signs... God said one day, "I'm going to give them an eternal super sign. I'm going to give them a sign, and it'll be a super sign, an everlasting sign. It'll never change. It'll remain the same yesterday, today, and forever. I'll give them a sign." They won't receive it, but yet God gives it.

```
John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.

```
**28** No matter how much they didn't receive it, it was there just the same. No matter how much they don't receive it today, and want man-made achievement, God's sign still remains the same, a super sign. Not a polished-up thing of the world, with a lot of education and man-made achievement. No, not that; not things of the world, or anything tacked to the world. He said, "I'm not of this world." Well, what will it be? It will be God made flesh among us. God made flesh among us. That'll be the super sign---God in flesh. Oh, it'll be striking to the world. Jehovah God, becoming one of us, changed his cast from the great immortal Jehovah to become a little infant baby. He could've come with a whole-heaven salute, if He wanted to. Every angel, every archangel of the heavens would have stood at attention, and the trumpets would have sounded that would've shook the earth, if He'd've chose to come that way.

```
John 17:16 They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.

```
**29** He could've come with shine and pomp, but He didn't. He brought a super sign. He could've come with trumpets a-blowing, the earth a-shaking, coming down the golden corridors out of heaven, with an angel escort; flying cherubims with wings over their face, and over their feet, screaming over Him, "Holy, holy, holy, art thou Lord God, which was, which is..." He could've come that way if He wanted to. God could've come that way, but He said, "I'm going to give them a super sign. I'm going to show that their man-made stuff is foolish. All their polish, glitter, is nothing to it. I'm going to give them a super sign." Oh, He could've come as an angel. Certainly. He could've come as a great shining angel, floating through the air. Everybody would've believed it then.

**30** But He give a super sign, so that about one-tenth of them would believe it. See, what man calls great, God calls foolish. And what man calls foolish, God calls great. Now we cannot dispute Isaiah's word here, when God said through Isaiah, "I will give them an everlasting sign, everlasting. A virgin shall conceive, and shall bear a son, and call his name Immanuel. I will be in Him," God with us, a super sign. Not a polished scholar, but a super sign. There's no record of Him ever going to any seminary. No record of Him ever learning any man-made theology. But at the age of twelve he was standing with the sages, disputing with them. And they couldn't withstand his word. Amen! There's your super sign ... staying with the Word.

```
Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.

1 Corinthians 1:25 Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.

```
**31** They say, "The days of miracles is past," and all these things. Let them prove it. "I'll give you a everlasting sign," the super sign. Oh, yes. Now He could've come an angel. He could've come whatever He wished to. But He chose to come as Abraham's seed. Amen! Abraham's super seed. That's right, the way He chose to come, to show in this last days God's super signs, a super race. Oh, yes. Not what you call a super race, but what God calls super race, because they got what? Supernatural power with supernatural signs through a supernatural belief in a supernatural Word, from a super-natural God. Amen! You talk about super! Whew! Supernatural God in a supernatural body, in a natural people giving supernatural signs. Hallelujah! Yes, a super race. They that know their God shall do exploits, great exploits. Show supernatural signs of people, Abraham's seed, a sign of the supernatural Christ risen from the dead, supernaturally.

```
Daniel 11:32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.

```
**32** And after two thousand years the critics that tried to put Him to death down there is trying to do the same thing today. But the same signs, the same supernatural signs still shows among supernatural people which is the seed of Abraham. Amen. I feel [unclear word] supernatural. Supernatural. You don't believe in supernatural? How can you believe in God? Supernatural born by a supernatural birth, by a supernatural power. Talk about super! What is it in man? He wants super, so what's he doing with his super? Going to death with it, what... God knowed that in the beginning, to give his people a super, a super that's humble and loyal; to take them to life, not to death. Oh, amen! Supernatural. Now remember, there was a natural seed of Abraham, and a supernatural seed of Abraham. Now, the natural seed of Abraham, according to Genesis 22:16 and 17, He said, "Thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy."

```
Genesis 22:16 And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son:

Genesis 22:17 That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;

```
**33** Why did he offer up Isaac in Genesis 22:16 and 17? He said, "Thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy." You get it? Now, the natural seed of Abraham was Isaac. So through the seed of Isaac, we find out that they did possess the gates of their enemy. One time, they had three of them down in Babylon, in that great big city there that was built super city. But they had a supernatural. And they throwed them into a super fire, het seven times hotter than it ever was het. And there was a supernatural sign of a supernatural God standing in the fire, supernaturally saving them. Amen! What did they do? They possessed the gates of the furnace, their enemy.

```
Daniel 3:19 Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated.

```
**34** There was another one down there named Daniel, Abraham's seed. What happened to it? He stayed true to God. He knowed that he was the seed of Abraham. He knowed he was doing right. They throwed him into the lion's den, and a supernatural light... A animal's afraid of light, you know. So a supernatural light, a supernatural angel, came down by a man that believed in supernatural, and supernatural delivered him. And he stayed all night in the lion's den; and was supernaturally brought out the next morning because he believed and trusted in a supernatural God. And he possessed the gate of the lion's den. Yes. There was one named Moses who believed in a supernatural God; had met Him, and talked to Him in a supernatural way at a supernatural bush, at a supernatural fire on a bush, and he got a supernatural message. One man going down ... a one-man invasion to take over Egypt. A supernatural message, but it was from a supernatural God.

```
Daniel 6:16 Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.

Daniel 6:23 Then was the king exceeding glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God.

```
**35** So he went down there and done a supernatural thing because he brought supernatural signs (Hallelujah!) upon a natural people. And they delivered Israel supernatural. When anything natural got in its way of path... He come to the gate of the Red Sea, but he believed in a supernatural God. And he kept moving towards the sea in a supernatural power of the supernatural. God made a supernatural action and delivered him. Glory! That's right. How? By denomination? By a supernatural sign by a supernatural man that had a supernatural ministry. Remember, He don't change. Glory! If that happened in the natural seed, what about the supernatural seed? Yes.

**36** Many things, if we had time to go into what he done in the natural seed: how they did that through Isaac's seed, Isaac being the seed. Father Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. How that Elijah, many other great prophets, the natural, the great supernatural signs they done. But all those great heroes died. There's one thing that they had to do was die, because they were the natural seed. Oh, bless God! But one day there come on the supernatural seed, which was born by a supernatural birth, the same faith---born not by the natural birth but by the supernatural birth, by the supernatural faith which Abraham had. Not according to the sexual desire of Abraham, and what God did to him that way; but through a supernatural faith that he had.

**37** And faith is supernatural. It does supernatural things. And through Abraham's faith, as he was here, hundreds of years later come the supernatural seed that he believed in. And when this supernatural seed come on earth, He done the supernatural sign of a supernatural prophet. He was greater than a prophet. He was a God-prophet to give a natural people a supernatural birth. What did He do? He went before us. He died. But they couldn't hold Him. Abraham's grave's still there. Isaac's grave's still there. But there's an empty tomb on the supernatural seed, that done a supernatural work that had a supernatural resurrection.

**38** What did He do to it? He conquered death, hell, and the grave, and possessed its gates; rose on the third day in the supernatural resurrection, and "I have the keys of death and hell." Amen! "I was He who was once dead, and now I'm alive forevermore. And because I live, the seed of Abraham shall live also." There you are. "Lo, I am with you always even to the end of the world. And the works that I do shall you do also." Remember, Isaiah said it shall be an everlasting sign. He arose. Some of you people that don't know about it, you think He's a historical God, worshipping something that's way back yonder, a long time ago. But that same God raised from the dead as a supernatural sign; and after two thousand years is still a-living, still right here now; and can work miracles like He did when He was here on earth, through a supernatural people that's been born of a supernatural Spirit, with the supernatural faith that Abraham had in the same thing (amen!); a sign truly to the world in the last days, that He's still alive,

```
Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

1 Corinthians 15:3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;

Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

```
**39** Abraham's supernatural seed. A supernatural people, not called by denomination, not, "Say, are you a Christian?" "I'm Methodist." "Are you a Christian?" "I'm Catholic." That shows you're not a Christian, see. If you're a Christian, you're born again. If you're born again Methodist, then you are a Christian, not a Methodist. You are a Christian. And the word Christian means "to be like Christ." And if you are like Christ, his Spirit is in you, and these signs of the supernatural resurrection is with you. Supernatural signs, supernatural power. Alive.

**40** His seed in Isaac was natural. That was the first seed. His second seed was faith, the faith that Abraham had in God that brought the natural seed. The faith that Abraham had in God changed his body when he was an old man, and brought the natural seed. And that same faith brought Christ to the earth, because it was a promise of God, that God had made, that He would send it to the world. And the same faith in that same promise is the everlasting sign that brings Him amongst his people, and makes Him raise from the dead, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. The natural seed is the organization. Certainly. The supernatural seed is a sign. Yeah, you can organize it. That's right. You can organize... You can't organize God; you can organize a group of people. You can't organize God because He is a sign. I ask you to present it. "I'll give you a supernatural sign, an everlasting sign."

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**41** When He comes on earth, what He is then He'll forever be that. Whew! (I just forgot about it; didn't even know I was perspiring. Just the dew drops. I'm slobbering a lot. But I tell you, I'm so close to Canaan, I'm eating new grapes, so... It'll make you slobber. Amen!) A supernatural God rose up Jesus supernaturally, and has presented Him alive to the earth; that in Abraham's seed in the last days would show the same sign that the supernatural seed said Abraham's super seed today will believe, like father Abraham did; 'cause the super seed said so when He was standing there, and said, "As it was in the days of Lot so shall it be in the coming of the Son of Man." That angel, God made flesh among them, stood with his back turned to the tent, and told Sarah what she was thinking about, told Abraham what Sarah was thinking about and doing in the tent.

```
Genesis 18:13 And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?

Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**42** Jesus said it'll be that kind of a sign in the last days, because He showed the supernatural sign of the Messiah to the Jews and to the Samaritans after they had had thousands of years of teaching. But the Gentiles did not get it. Now, it's what kind of a sign? A theological sign? No, sir. A supernatural sign. What is it? A Messiah, in human flesh. Glory! A super sign, the Holy Ghost! Amen! The Holy Ghost, the resurrected Messiah living in a people---a seed of Abraham that believes that He is. And the same supernatural seed will believe like their father Abraham did. If they are the same seed, they'll believe the same sign. Glory!

**43** The organizations won't believe it. They'll call it mental telepathy. They'll call it the devil. But the supernatural seed of Abraham, that's born of the supernatural power of God, believes the same supernatural sign, because the same supernatural Word said so. Amen. The everlasting sign! Oh, how powerful, how great, how glorious, is our God! Supernatural; nothing natural about it. No organization's tied into it. No man-made creeds. It's God made flesh amongst his people, with a supernatural believing. Amen. Do you believe it? Let's bow our heads then. O, God, the supernatural being, time is slipping from me. Time is slipping from us all, Lord. We realize just a year ago what's happened in the last year. It's moving on, fleeting on. We see the earth dying. We see men dying. We see buildings crumbling, nations falling, organizations failing.

**44** Oh, we're so glad to know that among us is a supernatural One, who's making Himself known to a people who believes in supernatural. God said He'd give us a super sign, and it would be an eternal sign. Then, Lord God, You proved Yourself to be the eternal God. You have done it. You will do it. And here we are in the last days, and it has not been like that since Jesus was here. That generation received a sign, the supernatural sign, and disbelieved it and went off into chaos. And here it is. After all the theologians has built their big towers of Babylon, we find out that they see no supernatural sign. And now, in this last hour, You've come down with the supernatural sign among your people, to call a supernatural seed of Abraham, and take a people out of the Gentiles for your name's sake. You said You would do it. Here You are. Our Scriptures tell us that Jesus Christ is the same; same sign. Yesterday Jesus said, "The same signs that I do shall you do also." I pray God that they'll see it, and believe, and believe on Jesus Christ as their Saviour. [Someone speaks in tongues and another interprets: "Hark, yea, behold it is not the enticing words of man's wisdom, but demonstration of the Spirit, and of the mighty power of thy God. Yea, if thou doth believe; yea, if thou doth receive; yea, if thou doth see ... a light ... shall behold... The Lord, thy God, shall work in thy midst in a way that thou hast never seen. Yea, if thou doth deliver thyself unto the Lord, thy God, He shall cleanse thee, and purify thee. Yea, He shall cleanse thee, and make thee fit. And thou shall come forth, yea, as thou has been purified." (Amen.) " I, the Lord, thy God, is in thy midst. Yea, and as thou dost yield unto Him, He shall deliver thy soul, and shall make of thee as a great army that moveth closer, yea, in the face of the enemy. And thou shalt come forth victorious. Yea, but I say unto thee whatsoever thou doest, do it quickly."] Amen. Thanks be to God!

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**45** Is there some here now that doesn't know God after that message? Would stand to their feet and say, "I want to accept Him as my personal Saviour"? it's up to you now. You're the one to make the decision right now. Do it quickly. Thank you. God bless you, God bless you. Someone else? God bless the three of you. Someone else? Stand to your feet, and say, "I'll accept Him as my Saviour. I believe with all my heart the Word of God is made flesh among the people today." God bless you, sir. Someone else? Raise your hand. Say, "Remember me." God bless you, lady. Someone else? Just raise up. We have no room for an altar call, or to bring the people up. We just want you to raise up, and testify, like this---raising up, as you raise up, say, "I believe Jesus Christ, the Son of God, and I accept Him as my Saviour."

**46** "Testify of Me before men, I'll testify of you before my Father and the holy angels." Would there be some more before closing, before we change the service? All right. God bless. God bless them, yes. The ones that raised their hands, yes. God bless you, sir. God be with you, my brother. God bless you, sir, standing up there with the red shirt on. God be with you, yes, and you, too, everywhere you are. God bless you is my prayer. Oh, only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. All right. [Someone speaks in tongues, and another interprets: "Why do ye halt between two opinions. Yea, is it not the voice of the Lord God that calleth thee? But it is the Lord, yea, the Lord---the Spirit of the living God---which is tugging at thy heart. Yea, thou knowest without a shadow of a doubt, yea, it is the Lord, thy God, that calleth thee. Yea, the Lord, thy God, shall not always strive with man. But I say unto thee, whatsoever thou doeth, I say unto thee, do it quickly for it is the Lord, thy God, who calleth. Yea, this is a visitation, a visitation of the Lord, thy God, in this city. Yea, if thou shall rebel, yea, the Lord shall withdraw his hand."] How can you resist it, people? How could you do it? What's going to happen if you're here without God, and know that you're wrong? Why don't you stand to your feet? Hear the Spirit screaming like that across the Word of God like that.

```
Matthew 10:32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.

Luke 12:8 Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:

```
**47** Some of you Christians standing by the side of that man that's standing up there. Would you just talk to him and pray with him there? The place is all filled up here for the altar call, and those who raised up, some Christian around them who knows them, just talk to them now about their soul. Tell them that Jesus forgives them. God forgives you, my brother, you standing there on your feet. Certainly. If you stand up, do you believe Him as your Saviour? Do you believe that He saves you? Then you are saved, my brother. You are one of us now. Go right on in the kingdom of God, yes, sir. If you can believe with all your heart. Would there be others that would stand and say---just by standing up---saying, "I accept Him. I believe Him. I believe the message is true." God bless you back there. The Lord forgive all of you along there, each one, you around there. Christians, tell them what God means to them. Down through this aisle, is there any down through here would raise up, say, "I will accept Him myself, right here." Any down in this aisle? God bless you, back in there, and all up and down this way. God bless you, sir.

**48** You Christians close to them, reach over and get their hand, and say, "God bless you. Over in the left aisle, over there, way over, anybody in there would raise up and say, "I will accept Him now as my Saviour," How can you turn it down, brother, when here's Word, and Spirit, and power and sign? The world wants something, America wants something super. Here it is, supernatural, super power. All right. I was going to ask my minister brothers to come with me today, to pray for the sick, that the people might understand clearly that Christ heals the sick, and it's all the things... [Someone speaks in tongues and another interprets: "Who come ye out to see? Yea, a reed shaking in the wind, or the mighty power of thy God? Yea, the Lord thy God dealeth with thee. Thou shalt move. Yea, the Lord thy God inviteth thee. Yea, He calleth upon thee. If thou will present thy sinful life, He shall purify thee. If thou shalt present thy broken body, He shalt make thee whole. This is the day of the Lord. This is the visitation of the Spirit of the living God unto his people. Yea, as thou dost move thou shalt receive. Hold thou not back, but behold the Spirit of God inviteth thee. Thou shalt respond, yea, and thou shalt move. Thou shalt accept, thou shalt receive that which is offered unto thee."] Amen. [Two more speak in tongues and interpret.] Amen. We thank the Lord. Amen.

**49** Now you hear what the Spirit saith unto the people, see. That means that, Chicago, you might be receiving something, you see, and it might be your last time. So if there's any doubt, and the Spirit spoke there---even four times, see---well, now you should give yourself to Christ. Is there someone here who has not done it? Just raise up your hand, say, "Remember me, O Lord. Remember me. God bless you, God bless you, young man. God bless you. All right. God bless you, young man. There's two young men. God bless you, God bless you. God bless you, lady. God bless that little lady, too. Yes. That is fine. He sees you, and knows you. He knows all about you. The same God that raised up Jesus from the dead is here now. Do you believe it? [Tongues, interpretation, prophecy is given--Ed.] Only believe, only believe, All things... (Them are signs. Watch what He's doing now; watch what He's doing.) Only believe, only believe, All things...

**50** How many's sick, raise up your hands, say "I'm sick, Brother Branham, I need help from God. I'm needy." God bless you. Just be real reverent, sit real quiet, just a moment. Let the Holy Spirit now, we've seen signs, signs of His presence. Now watch and see if He doesn't show a Super Sign. I was going to call the ministers down here to pray for the sick. But the Holy Spirit: when I heard Him speaking through the people, something just came down. I don't have the gift of speaking in tongues or interpreting. It's another gift. And I thought "Lord, what's according to those people?" He said, "That's a sign." Now here comes the Super Sign... I'll give unto you in these last days a Super Sign, a Super Sign. Pray, believe God, all of you, just believe that God will heal you, and see if He's still the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. So easy now, raise up your heads and look this a way. Believe me to be His servant you'll see whether it's right or wrong. Pray. Just pray for yourself. Somebody say, "Lord Jesus, let me touch Your garment. They tell me You're a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. A woman one time touched Your garment and You turned and told her about her blood issue, and said her faith had saved her. Let me touch You, Lord, see if it's right." Just believe. Here's a little woman setting right here, greenish looking dress on, colored woman. Yes. You're praying for something. Little thin woman, have you got a prayer card? You don't have a prayer card. I just wanted to know where you'd be in the line or not. (See?) You don't have a prayer card. You believe me to be His prophet? If God will tell me what's your troubled, will you believe me? You're not praying for yourself. You're praying for your mother. She's not here. She's in the state of Tennessee. That's right. You want me to tell you what she's suffering with? Will you believe with all your heart then? She's got a growth in her stomach. That's THUS SAITH THE LORD GOD. I never seen the woman in my life. Is that right, lady? Are we perfectly strangers? Just a woman just come in and set down there. That's the truth. Is it all truth? "Behold I will give you an everlasting sign." Jesus is raised from the dead. She touched something.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**51** There sets a woman, setting right back there. She's suffering with a--she's got a--a back trouble and a kidney trouble. The colored lady setting right back there in the left hand side, back over here, she's looking at me. She's seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Mrs. Frane, receive your healing and the Holy Ghost. See if that's right. I don't know the woman, never seen her in my life. If that's right, lady, wave your hand back and forth. But if that's the things you're seeking after and what it's all about, if all was truth, just wave, just keep waving your hands. All right. Go and you can have what you ask for, 'cause you touched the super Sign. Amen.

**52** You believe with all your heart? There's another woman setting behind her, right back there. And this woman, she's seeking for a great thing too, but it's a baby. Mrs. Cary, if you'll believe with all your heart, you can receive your child. I send it to you in the Name of Jesus Christ. I don't know the woman. She's a total stranger to me. But if that's right, lady, stand up, if everything is right and everything was said is right? All right. God bless you. If we're strangers, wave your hands like this. All right. All right. You shall receive a super Sign. Amen. See, He's still God. Amen. You believe with all your heart? Just have faith.

**53** Here sets a colored girl, setting right here on the end of the row. She's suffering with heart trouble. I don't know you, lady. You're not from here. You're from Zion, Illinois. Your name is Mrs. Fitzgerald. That's right. If that's true, rise up to your feet and accept your healing, claim your faith in the living God. God bless you. Go, believe. That colored lady that helped her up there, also suffering. You got TB of the spine, and your name is Miss Davis, and you're from Zion. That lady that helped her up is a sister to this other girl. Your name is Fitzgerald, too, and you're from Zion. That's right, true. And you got throat trouble, but you're healed. Jesus Christ makes you whole. Do you believe with all your heart? What about somebody out in this way? Mrs. Smith, with low blood pressure. Do you believe Jesus Christ makes you well? If you believe it, Mrs. Smith, stand up on your feet. Accept it, and believe it with all your heart. You shall be made well. The low blood pressure leaves you. I don't know the woman, never seen her in my life, but that is true. Do you believe? Have faith in God. Don't doubt.

**54** Somebody touched my side, which ... I guess it was my son, that thinks I got about enough of it. Just believe with all your heart, Miss Bailey. Don't doubt, but believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall be healed. Go on back to Gary, and tell them how great God is. Do you believe? "Behold, I'll give you a super sign," God manifested in flesh. Can't you see it, Chicago, after all these years that I've been here with you? God manifested in human flesh by the grace of Jesus Christ. "I give you a super sign." I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me; And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree. I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me; And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

**55** Everyone that's holding prayer cards raise up your hand. Hold up your prayer card in your hand. Do you believe me to be his seer? Do you believe that it's not me? I'm your brother. Do you believe it? Do you believe that God's confirming his Word, that we have the sign of speaking in tongues, and interpretation, and the super sign of his resurrection? If you believe it, I will in the name of Jesus Christ pronounce every one of you well. If you believe, it'll crack your card. Crack your card to the floor. Just crack your card. That's it. Receive ye your healing. Just throw your cards on the floor. If they are... Believe God. That's good enough for me right now. I believe God. Throw your cards up, say, "I'll prove I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, lives and reigns and...
