---
Date: 1961-04-12
Title: A Greater than Solomon is here
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: the Illinois Wesleyan University in Bloomington, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours
Author: William Branham
---

# A Greater than Solomon is here



**1** Good evening, friends. It's a great privilege to be back here in the auditorium again tonight, or the field house. And we're so happy to have this opportunity to speak with you again; but I hope not as long as I did last night. My son was talking to some of the ministers, and they said, "About how long does Brother Branham speak?" He said, "Oh, not too long, till he speaks on the subject of Abraham. Sometimes he just gets lost." Last night I was here about two hours and forty-five minutes. Someone said to him this morning, said, "What will Abraham [unclear words] ?" You're such a nice people, and I like to speak to people that the Word responds to, see precious souls coming to the Lord. That makes it real nice. It's one of the greatest joys of my heart.

**2** I remember one time when I was a young minister I... There was another minister friend of mine, his sister. I had taken her home after church one night. We were going up the road, and she was kind of a formal Christian---nominal, as I would say---and I believe that she believed in Christ, and so forth. But she hadn't went as deep as what I think a Christian should go, to profess Christianity. And she said, "How about tomorrow night going to the show?" I said, "I don't go to shows." And she said, "Well," said, "they got a skating rink down here. How about go skating?" I said, "I don't go skating." She asked me three or four different places, and I said, "I don't do that." She said, "Well, as a young man here about twenty-two years old, where do you get any pleasure?" I said, "In the house of the Lord." I said, "That..."

**3** And a few nights after that I was in a church, and the young lady was sitting back there. And so, that night I made an altar call, and about twenty people came up around the altar, weeping young folks. And I motioned to her. I said, "I get more joy out of that than all the world could afford." It's such a thing that you know... You feel when you lay down at night you've done something, try to help somebody. That's what we're here for, to try to make life's burdens just a little lighter for you, see, and to help those who doesn't know Christ to know Him. Praying for the sick ... I was coming up the steps, and I heard them mention about Friday night for the emergency cases. Well, that's true. When we get down and pray for all the emergencies---they set that night, of course, for that.

**4** Now, divine healing does not rest upon... Remember, the laying on of hands, that's all right. Now, that's the American people. They have to have hands laid on them, or they just don't believe it. That's all. You got to touch them some way, or it doesn't work. And... But now, if you'll just bear with me just a moment---not to be different---but that is not the way God deals with Gentiles. That was the Jewish tradition. You remember the Jew said to Jesus, "My daughter is very sick, and she is dying." Said, "Come lay your hand on her, and she'll get all right." Jewish. But when He went to the Roman's house, the Gentile, he said, "I am not even worthy that you come under my roof. Just speak the word," see. And Jesus turned around to the Jews, and said, "I haven't seen such faith as that in Israel," see.

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:10 When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Luke 7:9 When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

Luke 8:41 And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house:

Luke 8:42 For he had one only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she lay a dying. But as he went the people thronged him.

```
**5** Now what did that Roman say? "I'm a man under authority, and I'm a centurion." That meant he had a hundred men---a century---a hundred men under him. And he said, "I say to this man, 'Go,' and he goes; this man, 'Come,' and he comes." For why? He was over them. He was a master over them. And what did he say by telling Jesus that? That He was ruler, could rule all sickness; and anything that He said had to be. Oh, isn't that a real way to be? "You just say my son lives, and he lives. Just speak the word. That's all you have to do." Now Durban, South Africa, recently... I don't know whether the boys has ever put that book out yet, or not, on Africa, written by Captain Julius Stadsklev. We'd come into Durban, South Africa, where we'd had meetings in Johannesburg, and oh, my! such things that would take hours to say what the Lord did. But when we went to Durban...

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

```
**6** I'll never forget. Sidney Smith, the mayor of Durban, came and got me, and he said, "Oh, Brother Branham." Said, "This is African history." He said, "You..." Said, "They've been pouring in here for about five days." And said, "They're four or five days away, yet bringing their loved ones by home-made carts, the way they could pack one another." When the lion comes, they push them up a tree till the lion leaves; then go down, bring them on, trying to get them to the meetings. For they had heard of what the Lord had did over in another place---Johannesburg, and Bechuanaland, and many of the places. And so... And I tell you, Christianity in Africa is a weakening thing. It certainly is, because we have taught reading, writing, and arithmetic, instead of doing what Jesus told us to do. He said, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel. These signs shall follow them that believe." Now, He never said, "Go teach the word." He said, "Preach the gospel." And the gospel is demonstration of the risen Christ. That's the Holy Spirit. Paul said the gospel come not in word only; but through the power, manifestations, demonstrations of the Holy Spirit. It would have to be to fulfill Mark 16.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

1 Corinthians 2:4 And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:

```
**7** And I was going out ... Mr. Sidney Smith and I, the mayor of Durban, going out to the race track, where... It's the second greatest race track in all the world. And then there they were ... all the places taken up, all the way across the track, and the place was filled on the other side. That was just our second day there. We had one day left. It was on a Sunday afternoon. Oh, you know how people can give an evangelistic count of being, some of them, half-a-million. You know how they do. So, I judged a lot less than what they said the people was.

**8** But today people are trying to see how many people you can get out. That doesn't have anything to do with it. It's whether Christ is there or not, see. That's the main thing. And I would rather be just by myself, and be with Him, than be with ten million and Him not there. It's just wherever He is, and that's the main thing. It isn't who can get the greatest crowd, and swing it out in papers, and all that. Why, the Catholic church can beat all of us on that. In the United States, Mr... President Kennedy could beat all them, I suppose, here in the United States. So, it isn't crowds. God doesn't dwell in crowds. He dwells in humble hearts. "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in their midst." That's what we want to look at; not the great flowerly things, but the reality of a risen Lord Jesus.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**9** Now, then in this meeting I noticed so many of them there that had little tags around their throat. They didn't wear any clothes, most of them. They were primitive natives. And so, I said, "What's the tags around their throat for?" He said, "Oh, that's marked. They're Christian." I said, "And packing idols?" "Oh, yes, they pack idols anyhow." And now that's the strength of so-called Christianity. And so, I... What do they do? Some mother sends her child there to be a missionary, thinking he'd be a David Livingston. And what happens? He lives in the finest hotel, and a nice car to ride out to the compound, have a little dance out there when they bring them up out of the diamond mines, and pass them out some tracts. What do they know about that?

**10** But David Livingston days are not now. They don't go back in the jungles. And that's the strength of missionaries in the foreign lands. Trying to educate them, ABC's, and what do you do? You make them a two-fold child more of hell than they was when they started. They get downtown. Women have to pack guns in their pocketbooks, to keep from being ravished. When he is out in the tribe, in his tribal condition he's all right. Only thing he needs is Christ, because he's got tribal laws that will outdo Christianity anyway you take it. For instance, in one tribe there, if a young woman isn't married till she's a certain age, she has to take off tribal paint because she has been disgraced. And before she is married, she's tested for her virgincy. If she be found guilty, she has to tell the man that done it. They're both killed together. (What if that happened in the United States? There'd be a lot of dying, wouldn't there? amongst called Christians, see.) So, they don't need morals. What they need is to know a saviour.

```
Matthew 23:15 Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves.

```
**11** So there they were, a-pouring in there. And there was one guy there, a little fellow, going along there with a idol in his hand. And I said... He said, "Would you like to talk to him? He's a Shungai." They have the Koza, and the Shungai, and Vazuga, and the Zulu, and so many different of the tribes. And he said, "He's a Shungai. I can speak his language." Said, "Call him anything you want to. I'll interpret for you." And the mayor drove his car up. I said, "Hello, Thomas." I called him Thomas, because being a Christian, packing an idol. And I said, "Hello, Thomas." I said, "Are you a Christian?" He believed in "Amoyah." Amoyah is a word, comes from an unseen force, like the wind. "Amoyah." He believed in "Amoyah." I said, "Why do you pack the idol for?"

**12** Well, he had a good reason. His daddy packed it. One day a lion got after his daddy. He set the little idol down, made the fire, and said the prayer the witch doctor told him. The lion got scared and run away. I said, "I'm a leo yacta." Leo, lion; yacta is hunter. I said, "I hunt lions, and I know the nature of them. The prayer nor the idol never scared the lion away. The fire did. The animal's scared of the fire." Oh, well, he would pack it anyhow. If the unseen one failed, this one wouldn't. So there's the strength of Christianity.

**13** But when that day ... when the meetings started I sent Billy down to give out prayer cards. Oh, mercy! You just couldn't think about such a thing. He didn't even have hardly any clothes on him when he got out. The people ... and they had to have them. I've got a picture of it in colors, where they had them fenced off by tribes, thousands times thousands. I had fifteen interpreters. When I'd say, "Jesus Christ, the Son of God," I'd go get a drink of water, and sit down, till one... I used to hear the Pentecostal people speak in tongues. I thought, "My, that can't be right." But after that day, I realized it was right. There's not a sound can be made unless it means... You know, I believe the Bible said something like that. There's no sound without a significance. You see that there's a meaning to every sound. There's something. The trumpet gives the uncertain sound.

```
1 Corinthians 14:7 And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?

1 Corinthians 14:8 For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?

1 Corinthians 14:9 So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.

1 Corinthians 14:10 There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.

```
**14** So one of them would go... I would say, "Jesus Christ, the Son of God." One of them would go [imitating one interpreter, then another interpreter] . That's "the Son of God, Jesus Christ," and others would make all kinds of funny warbles in their throats, like birds. But that meant "Jesus Christ, the Son of God." They was interpreted to their tribes of ten thousand Mohammedans there. And so, then... They're the kind that's supposed to be hard. They come from the old Medes or Persians, who change not or alter not. And so ... I met one missionary. He said, "Think of it, Brother Branham. I've been here thirty years, and I've got one precious jewel." I said, "What's that?" "I won a Mohammedan to Christianity." That's really something, for a missionary to win a Mohammedan to Christianity.

```
Daniel 6:8 Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

Daniel 6:12 Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

```
**15** So that day... When I said, "Well, now, we cannot have prayer cards to line the people up, so I'm going to ask a missionary of each tribe to get at least one or two out of each tribe, and bring them here to the platform." Well, they had a platform built something higher than this, quite a bit higher, all the way across the race track---big speakers sitting up from everywhere. And I said ... I quoted them the story of Jesus. I said, "Now as far as healing is concerned, or salvation, it is something that He has already done for you. It's yours. You just have to accept it. Divine healing, the same way. "But a question that's in your mind," I said, "perhaps---like it is in most minds of the Americans, and so forth everywhere---is He really alive? Or did the Jewish tradition that they stole Him from the grave, and took Him away, is that it?" Said, "That's what you wonder." I said, "Now, the thing is that He claims to be He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Then, if He is, will not He do as He did yesterday?" Just give them the plain story, taken me about an hour to do it, just talking, to get it to them. Finally they agreed.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**16** Well, the missionaries had the people lined up. There was about eight or ten medical doctors, and there was all different denominations piled around there from everywhere. And on the battlefield we don't ask, "Are you Methodist? Are you Baptist?" Brother, it's trying to get heathens there, that's all. Even Catholic priests was there dressed, not as Catholic priests, but with clothes on, like the natives. See, you're on the battlefield then.

**17** It's just like I said last night. If we go to battle you don't say, "Are you a Hoosier? Are you a Corn Cracker? Who are you?" It don't make any difference. We're for one thing. That's for the nation. That's the way we stand in Christianity. That's the way we should stand at home, like that. We'd have a greater front to fight with, if we'd only do it. And so then, when ... the first one come up was a Mohammedan woman. And I said, "Do you speak English?" "No." So the Mohammedan interpreter came. And so, the woman was a thoroughbred, dotted between the eyes and so forth, with a red dot, which means she's truly Mohammedan; and a denial of Christ. So I said, "Why do you come to me as a Christian? You being a Mohammedan, why didn't you go to your priest?"

**18** They believe in God. That's the children of Ishmael. Every morning that great gong rings out there, and the priest comes out, and says, "There's one true and living God (that's right), and Mohammed is his prophet." We believe there is one true and living God, and Jesus is his Son. And they say, "Far be it from God having a son---a Spirit having a son." So they don't believe that. So, then, of course, they have to be that way. They are Ishmael's children. So then when ... this woman, I said, "Why didn't you go to your priest?" She said, back through the interpreter always, she said, "I believe that you could help me." I said, "Have you ever read the New Testament?" She said, "I have."

**19** And I said, "Then, if you've read the New Testament, if Jesus Christ is that prophet that was spoke of, that should come by ... Moses spoke of the prophet that should come, would He be a prophet?" She said, "He would be." I said, "Then if he died and rose again... Your god, your prophet, is dead and buried. And at his grave, for two thousand years, changing guards every four hours [I've been there] , a white horse ---expecting him to come and ride the world down." But I said, "He's dead, his grave is there, and he's buried beneath it, and he's gone." And I said, "But our Lord Messiah, the prophet of God..." I said, "The Son of God, when He was here on earth... When He left He sent back his Holy Spirit upon the church to do the same things that He did, and show that He was still the prophet amongst them." I said, "Do you believe that?" She said, "If it is so I believe it."

**20** I said, "Then as a Mohammedan to a Christian, or a Christian to a Mohammedan," I said, "you perhaps... I ... say in this section is all Mohammedans. There's at least ten thousand of you sitting in here." I said, "This woman, I can't speak her language. But now, if this Jesus is Messiah, and the Messiah---as I have quoted to you from the Bible what He did when He was here on earth to prove that He was Messiah, and they failed to recognize it... Only those who were ordained to life..." I said, "Then if He would be alive, and would promise that the works that He did we'd do also, would you believe that, you Mohammedan people?" And they raised up their hands.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**21** So I turned to her, and I said ... looked, and I seen the vision. I said, "Now, your husband is a short man. He has a black moustache. And your name is [I had to spell it out. I couldn't pronounce it] ." And she raised her hand that was true. I said, "You were in a doctor's office the other day. The doctor was bald, and he was not too old a man. He examined you, and he said you had a growth, or a cyst on your left breast. Your husband waited in the hall for you." And the tears run down her cheeks. She said, "That's true." And I said, "Now, what do you ... will you accept Jesus as your saviour?" She said, "I now renounce Mohammed, and accept Jesus Christ as my saviour." I said, "Then in the name of Jesus Christ, I pronounce you healed. Go let your doctor examine you, and bring me his testimony."

**22** The next come was a woman that was a white woman. She was Afrikaans. Now, there is a difference between African, that's the dark man. Afrikaans is the Boer, the white man in Africa. And I said, "Do you speak English?" It's a bilingual country, and she said, "I do." I said, "Then, do you believe that God sent his Son to die in your stead?" She said, "I am a Christian, Mr. Branham." And I said, "Well, then do you believe me to be his servant?" You have to watch the words you say to them. And I said, "Do you believe that?" She said, "I believe the story that I read in your book is true. I believe that you are God's servant."

**23** I said, "Then, if I am God's servant, if I could heal you and would not do it, I would be a awful person---if I could help you in any way." And I said, "The only way I could help you is through a divine gift. If He was standing here Himself, He could do no more, because for your healing, and so forth, He's already did it." She witnessed that. I looked at her, and I said, "You've been to a doctor also, and he said that you had a cyst on the ovaries." She said, "That is true." And I looked, and I seen a funeral procession. I said, "Prepare yourself for death." And she said, "What do you mean?" I said, "You are not going to live but a little bit." And in ten minutes the woman had sat down by her husband, and dropped in a heart attack. She was dead.

**24** Now if I'd be a healer, I'd have healed her. And that same night, the mayor of the city, a friend of his died---an old woman sixty years old. And I was sent to the place where she was, and she was raised up from the dead, see. It's God. He does just what He wants to. Now remember. You who read in these Christian Businessmen, when they put in there "has raised the dead," remember before you can put that in public, you have to have documented statements from doctors, and so forth, that that's true. And everything you read in there, we've got documented statements of it.

**25** That baby that died there in Mexico... As you read, that baby died that morning at nine o'clock, signed by a doctor. And it was ten o'clock that night when the little Catholic woman was standing down there, screaming, and going on, where thirty or forty thousand people... And I sent Brother Moore down to pray for the baby. Why, thirty or forty ushers couldn't hold her out of the line. She'd run between their legs, and everything, trying to get up there; and raining just as hard as it could rain.

**26** I looked out and seen a little baby standing, smiling, looking at me. I said, "Bring it here." Just no more than laid hands on the little wet blanket, and the little fellow began kicking and screaming. She jumped down to say a "Hail, Mary!", and I said, "That's not necessary. Give God praise," and went on. And so then, Brother Espinoza went to the doctors, chased it down the next day, and we have a signed statement from the doctor that the baby died with double pneumonia that morning at nine o'clock, and this was about ten-thirty the following night, so when the baby come to life ... a signed document.

**27** That you find about Finland, I have the mayor of the city, with his own seal, that he was standing present, when the boy had been laying dead, crushed by an automobile; and was raised up from the dead by a vision that was told here two years before it happened, see. So, these are all documented statements that they are true. Now, the end of that revival that afternoon ... or, the end of that meeting, there was a little cross-eyed boy had come next. And the poor little fellow, he'd... I'd tell you what ... the way they eat, but it'd make you sick. What they find to eat, if it is full of maggots, that's just more meat. So they don't pay any attention to it, you see. They build up inoculation from it, so they eat. And so blood was all over his little belly, and he was a Zulu.

**28** The Zulu is a great big, strong man. He throws his assegai with his hands, pin a lion to the ground. The Songhai, many of those are little fellows that let the lion jump right into the spear. They drag this... What we call spear, they call assegai. So this little fellow coming on the platform, I said, "Now, the audience can see the little lad is cross-eyed." I said, "Anyone knows that." I said, "Now, I could not heal the child, anyone knows. But," I said, "now, if the Holy Spirit could reveal what caused that, or how it happened..." I looked at the little boy, and I said, "Yes, his father and mother are rather rare for Zulus. His mother is an extremely thin woman, and they are Christians. And the hut that they live in, as you go into the right hand side of the door, there is a picture of Christ hanging on the wall. And the baby was born cross-eyed." And about a hundred yards from me, the father and mother raised up to give witness to ... the Zulu interpreter got it all.

**29** And while I looked back at the little boy, his eyes were just as straight as mine. I said, "Anyone sees that the little fellow is healed. So just pass him on." So I started on. In a few minutes I heard a fuss back there on the platform, and looked around. There was a little British doctor, and this little doctor was fussing about it. And so, Brother Ern Baxter... I know many of you know Brother Ern Baxter. And how many ever heard of F. F. Bosworth? I heard that he had ... I heard that was one of the last men that held a divine campaign healing here in this city, or around this country. You couldn't have had a better. F. F. Bosworth, when I ... when he was dying, I grabbed him in my arms and cried, "My father, my father, the chariots of Israel, and the horsemen thereof." He was a man who brought dignity and power to the Pentecostal church---F. F. Bosworth.

**30** Well, he was on the platform, and he come, he said, "I want to talk to you." And the man said, "Now, while Brother Branham is under the anointing, you'll cause a race riot here," or something, because they had militia out there anyhow, watching, because they have tribal wars. And so I said ... turned around, and I said, "What's the matter, doctor?" He looked at me, and said, "How did you know I was a doctor?" I said, "What are you so curious about?" He said ... then they let him come up, and he said, "Mr. Branham, what did you do to that boy?" I said, "Nothing." He said, "What kind of a shenanigan are you trying to pull?" I said, "What do you mean?"

**31** He said, "That boy, what did you do to him? Did you hypnotize that boy?" He said, "I put him up on the platform right there myself, and he was cross-eyed. Now he isn't cross-eyed." Said, "Did you hypnotize him?" I said, "And then the British Medical Association gives you license to practice medicine, and know no more about hypnotism than that?" I said, "If hypnotism will straighten a child's eyes, don't you think you fellows ought to be practicing up a little bit on hypnotism?" And he said, "I am curious, Mr. Branham." He said, "I'm a Christian. I've been raised in the Anglican church." He said...

**32** Now the calla lilies there, sisters, you ought to see them. Our little ones are about like that. Some of them's eighteen inches across, growing wild in the desert ... in the jungles---yellow, and white. There was great big bouquets of them, sitting all over. He said, "Now I know there is a God, because that lily couldn't live without life." He said, "That life is hidden somewhere in the lily." He said, "I know there is a God. But being tangible enough to straighten the eyes of a cross-eyed child, I can't understand that."

**33** I said, "Mister, I never touched the child. It was before the audience here. They seen the child cross-eyed, between here and..." He said, "Something between there and here happened." I said, "Jesus Christ healed him." And so Mr. Bosworth got him by the arm, and said, "Sir, you'll just have to go back." And he said, "Wait just a minute." There was a big web back here, because it was carrying so far ... for several city blocks where they were laying, and so forth. He said, "Just a moment." He said, "Mr. Branham, do you tell me that Jesus Christ is so tangible that he could make cross-eyes come straight?" I said, "That is right. By faith, if you believe it." He said, "Then I accept Him as my personal Saviour."

**34** And when I left at Johannesburg about six ... about ten days later, there was about twenty or thirty thousand people out there saying good-bye. And he jumped over the fence beyond the guards, and run out and grabbed me around the neck; and has become a missionary. And when he throwed his arms around my neck, he started speaking in tongues out there on the plat... out there on the place. Now he is a medical doctor to the missionary doctor, back in the great lands of Africa tonight. The next come on the platform (if you'll excuse me for taking just this much time for a testimony), they... The next man come. They led him like a dog. They had a chain around his neck. And, I could not explain what it was because ... a mixed audience. But the man had never had a bath in his life. He was probably in his twenties, walked on his hands and feet, with a chain on his neck. He wasn't even mentally right.

**35** And so they brought him up. I said, "That poor mortal. If anybody could help that man, and would not do it, is not even worthy of living themselves." I said, "I could not help him, no more than if the Holy Spirit would tell me what had happened to him." I said, "I can do that by a divine gift. But if he will believe," I said, "then I'll pray for him." And so, I started to look at him. I said, "He was born that way." And it happened to be, his parents wasn't sitting very far. And I said, "But now, since I got his attention, he is thinking about his brother. His brother was riding," I said, "either on a yellow goat, or a yellow dog, and he hurt his knee, and he walks on two crutches." I said, "He is much younger and thinner than this man." But I said, "Wherever his brother is, thus saith the Lord, he's healed." I said, "He doesn't have to walk on his clubs no more."

**36** And about a city block away, I heard a scream. And here he come, jumping just as hard as he could, with the clubs in his hands. He was healed. Well, then it taken us about twenty minutes to get him quietened. During that time I looked, and I saw a vision above him. The man was standing up normal. I thought, "Oh, my! Here is the time to get my audience now." And I said, "If God will make this poor crippled mortal to be well, how many of you people will accept Jesus as your saviour?" And as far as you could see---the black hands up like that. I knew it was going to happen, because I'd done seen the vision, you see. When you see that, that's all over then. There ain't enough devils out of hell could stop that then, because it's already ... it's a finished work. Only thing is, just wait. That's exactly what our Lord said. That's what any one of the Bible... Jesus said, "I do nothing till I see the Father doing it first." So it is exactly. So I looked at the man. I knew he was going to be well. So I said, "To you Mohammedans out there... ?" Their hands went up.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**37** Now I said, "Stand up on your feet. Jesus Christ makes you well." And he tried... You know, they clown a lot for the tourists. I thought he was doing a tribal dance. He was taking his hands like this---poor man, not even mentally right. And I said, "I didn't mean that. I didn't mean that." The interpreter was trying to tell him I said, "Stand up," and he was going [Brother Branham imitates the man] ... like his dance, you know, trying to do it on his hands and feet, no clothes on---just a clout. And I got a hold of the chain. I said, "Stand up. Jesus Christ makes you well." And when he got ... why, he stood to his feet for the first time in life. There, the tears running off on to his black belly, spatting like that.

**38** I seen thirty thousand blanket natives come to Jesus Christ in one altar call. I said, "How many of you will receive Christ as personal Saviour?", and thirty thousand stood to their feet. And I said... Brother Baxter said, "Brother Branham, I think they meant physical healing." I said, "I'll take it through the interpreters again." I said, "I did not mean physical healing. I meant that you accept Christ as your saviour, God's Son. And if you're sincere, break your idols on the ground." And it looked like a dust storm, like an atomic bomb had hit, and the mushroom of dust go up like that.

**39** And the next morning, Sidney Smith called me. He said, "Brother Branham [Monday morning] ," he said, "you've never seen nothing like this." Said, "Go to the window of your hotel that faces the seaside, and watch coming down the street." And I looked, coming down the street, and there was seven van loads. Now you that knowed F. F. Bosworth knows he doesn't give evangelistic count. I made a congregational prayer. There was four people on the platform. I made a congregational prayer, and F. F. Bosworth estimated 25,000 miracles performed at one time. Why, it was ten times bigger than Pentecost. And now... And here's an ...

**40** they're coming down the street the next morning, seven of those big African vans (my! much longer than our trailer trucks here) just piled full of old things that they'd packed them on; and clubs, and stretchers, and carts, and things they wheeled them in on. And here they was coming behind. They were sitting in it the day before; and the next day walking down the street, singing, "Only believe, all things are possible. Only believe." I've heard it many a time ---and it's thrilled my soul every time I hear it, because it's been my theme song for years---but never did it strike my heart like that, to hear thirty ... all those thousands times thousands of natives coming down the street, no longer in war. I got a piece out of the Durban paper, said within three months' time, I forget how many firearms, and loads of things that they had stole, and bringing it back. They were through with sin.

**41** Let me say another thing here. We're supposed to be in civilization. Them women, standing on there, them women... One gave birth to a baby, sitting not twenty feet from me. She never had no doctor. She just picked the little fellow up, and laid him next to her. Having given birth to the baby, give a little posterior protoplasm stimulation; and she raised it up to her breast, and began to nurse the baby---and went right on rocking the baby, listening to me preach. Just as primitive as they could be. But you know what? As soon as they received Jesus Christ as personal saviour, standing there with nothing but a little clout, about that much, hanging around the front of them like that, when they left that ground they folded their arms to walk away from the presence of men, to get clothes to put on.

**42** Now why is it we call ourselves Christians, and taking more clothes off every year? Now I can't understand that. When a raw heathen receives Christ, they begin ... they realize that they are naked, and fold their arms (the ladies) and walked away. God help America! In the midst of my heart, feel the tears drop down. "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft would I have hovered you as the hen does her brood." But let me warn you, the hour is near at hand. (Somebody has left a ten dollar bill laying here. I don't think it was for me, so ... probably was in the collection, or something. It belongs to someone. I hope I don't... I'll lay it right underneath this Bible, whoever ... what it's there for.) Now I'm sorry to keep you long, but I just once in a while like to testify. I'll try not to be over four hours tonight, if I possibly can help it. And if I'm over that, somebody pull my coat. I don't mean to joke, but I just said that because, in tension... Let's clear up now.

```
Matthew 23:37 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

Luke 13:34 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!

```
**43** And before we approach the Word, let's approach the author. How many knows Booth-Clibborn? William Booth-Clibborn? Oh, he's an orator---preaches in seven different languages---and he is a bosom friend of mine. He wrote my favorite song, "Down From His Glory," and he's a ... oh, he wrote, "Behold the Bridegroom Cometh," and many of those songs. He's an Englishman, but he's up in Oregon now. He's a fine man, a real good man. But he's such a ... oh, my! he knows ... he can preach the Bible in Greek, preach it in anything he wants to. He preaches in seven languages. So, one day he and I was at Shreveport with Brother Moore, and we were discussing something, and I had the opposite side of the argument. And I said something or other about it to Brother Booth, and he said, "But listen here, young fellow." He said, "You just don't know your Bible." I said, "That may be true, Brother Booth. But I know the author real well." He said, "Now, isn't that cute?" Said, "Jack, you have to love him anyhow." So, I would rather know the Author than know his Book, because He will reveal the Book if we know the Author. So before we get into the Book, let's speak to the Author with our heads bowed, if you please.

**44** Great, omnipotent, eternal, infinite God, we humbly approach thy throne of mercy because we've been bidden to come by the Lord Jesus, by saying, "If you'll ask the Father anything in my name, I'll do it." Then we come with the blessed assurance of knowing that we will get what we ask for. There isn't one shadow of doubt in our hearts. If there is, forgive us, Lord, for it's sin to disbelieve God's Word, and his promises. We ask that the Holy Spirit will come with us tonight. We'll get into these few arranged words from the context of this text that I have drawn tonight to speak to this, the purchase of thy blood. And I am aware, Father, that ... how I would feel if I held in a glass, tonight, two drops of the literal blood of your precious Son. How I would hug it to my heart, have to hold it sideways to keep my tears from dropping in it, to know that it was that blood that saved me, healed me. By that blood, I become a son of God by his grace. How I would cherish it, and be careful that I set my foot just right. I wouldn't want to make a stumble to spill it for nothing.

```
John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

John 14:14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

John 15:16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

John 16:23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.

```
**45** But, Lord, tonight, in your own sight, you have put into my hands a greater treasure to You than that blood; for You have put into my hands tonight the purchase of that blood. For, truly, You thought more of your people than You did of your own blood, because You shed your blood for them. Then how must I approach them, Lord? Sincerely, honestly, full-surrendered heart; with assurance waiting on the Holy Spirit for the anointing that the words that I say will meet me in my face at the day of the judgment, when your children stand there. God have mercy on us. I pray that You sanctify this speaker, and the hearer. Anoint the words that it might fall into the hearts of the people, that it might bring forth a hundred fold. This is our objective. Our motive is to see the kingdom of God go on. God, we believe it's your will. So may it come to pass that we will see Jesus Christ save sinners, bring home backsliders back to the fellowship, and heal the sick through faith in his name. Amen.

**46** Now, laying aside all of our thoughts, the little things that we might have thought or said, let's approach this in a divine order. I like to read the Word, because that my word will fail. I'm a man. But I read his Word. Then if nothing else ... you get nothing else, you'll get something when I read the Word. In Matthew 12:42, we read these words: And the queen of the south shall rise ... in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. I would like to take that for a text. "A Greater than Solomon is Here."

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**47** Now, Jesus had been rebuking his generation for not believing his ministry. How plain God had made it, and yet they did not believe it. And they had come to Him seeking a sign, and He'd give them a sign. And they knew, and was taught better, never to try to believe a straight theology, because there's too much, too many of that. But God always a-vindicated Himself by a sign that confirms a theology. Now, if there's Bible students here, which ... I'm in a Bible college, and I'm speaking before smart ministers and students. And any one knows that in the Old Testament they had a law that was the Ten Commandments. And then they had what they called the Urim Thummim. That Urim Thummim was a conglomeration of lights that reflected from the breastplate that Aaron wore, of the twelve stones that represented the twelve tribes of Israel, their birth stones.

```
Exodus 28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.

Leviticus 8:8 And he put the breastplate upon him: also he put in the breastplate the Urim and the Thummim.

```
**48** Now, when a prophet prophesied or a dreamer dreamed a dream, no matter how real it looked... The theology might be perfectly, exactly right. But before they could accept it from being from the Lord, they took them down to the Urim Thummim, and let this prophet prophesy towards that Urim Thummim, or the dreamer tell his dream. And if the Urim and Thummim never moved, it was wrong. But if the Urim and Thummim went into a supernatural, and performed a conglomeration of lights supernaturally coming from it of a sign, then the prophet was right. That was the vindication. Remember Saul? How he said the Urim wouldn't answer him, and so forth? See, that was their way of knowing it.

```
1 Samuel 28:6 And when Saul inquired of the LORD, the LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by Urim, nor by prophets.

```
**49** Now, today, after that Aaronic priesthood ceased, God has another way, another Urim and Thummim. That's the Bible. If the man preaches anything that's contrary, and not found in the Word of God, then I'll leave it alone. But if he preaches what's in the Word, and God comes back and vindicates by the Urim sign that it's the truth, then that's God witnessing that that is right. To disbelieve that is to be doomed. Jesus ... the Jews were taught to believe that they would have a Messiah. And they were told that this Messiah would be a prophet. And they'd been told that He would do the sign of the prophet. Now, Israel had a way of testing a prophet. For if a prophet prophesied, and that what he said didn't come to pass, then he wasn't a prophet. Let him alone. But if it did come to pass, then listen at him because God had sent him. Now,

```
Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.

Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.

```
**50** and this Messiah was the chief and God of all the prophets. He was over all of them. God only had one major prophet in any generation. There never was two on the field at one time. Elijah and Elisha walked arm-in-arm, but he never become fully a prophet until Elijah's robe dropped upon him. That's true, see. They had minor prophets, and so forth, but a prophet is a man who is born and predestinated and foreordained for that generation. The Bible teaches that. That's right. By God's foreknowledge He set a certain person for that. Now, then when Jesus came and fulfilled all the words, that He was supposed to be that prophet... Don't you know, they asked Him, "Who does men say I am? What do they say?" "Are you that prophet?" they said. "You've said it."

**51** Or, "We're looking for a prophet." The woman at the well, as we talked of the other night, said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh, He'll be that prophet. He's that anointed One. He'll show us the sign of the Messiah." Jesus said, "I am He that speaks to you." She went into the city and told the men. "Isn't this the very Messiah? He told me the things that I've done." And the men believed on Him. Now remember, He never healed any sick because... He was God. He knew that Philip was coming down to heal the sick after Pentecost. He just talked to them. Never performed one more miracle. But that proved that He was the Messiah, because He knew the secret of the heart.

```
John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

John 4:41 And many more believed because of his own word;

```
**52** Now, how many believes, in this audience---with you Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostals, and whatever you are---how many of you believe that the Bible is true in St. John 1, where it says, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God ... and the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us?" Is that right? That was Christ. How many believes, then, Hebrews 4? where it says the Word of God [which is Christ. Is that right? He is the living Word] ... The Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword and even a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. Back to the Word again, and the Word is with us. Now how does the Word of the Lord come? The Word came to the ... the Word of God came to the prophets. They never questioned, because he had the Word of the Lord; because what he said come to pass. So it was the Word of the Lord, and Jesus come performing that. And they called Him a fortune-teller, Beelzebub, a devil. And calling the work of God an evil spirit He said was blasphemy of the Holy Ghost, and would never be forgiven, in this world nor the world that is to come.

```
Amos 3:7 Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**53** No wonder He was rebuking them, telling them. They said, "We seek a sign," and after He'd proved the very Messiahic sign. And they were so stooped in their theology until they didn't want to see it. They just didn't want to. That's all. It was plain before their face. Now any man that knows ... that's got his right mind, and will know the Bible, knows that Jesus never come contrary to the Scripture. He came with the Scripture, but He come contrary to their theology. And that's the way the Holy Spirit's come in the last days. It's come exactly with the Scripture, but contrary to people's theology. That's plain that it comes that way.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Luke 11:16 And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.

```
**54** Now, He was rebuking them because they did not believe his Messiahic sign, and they called it an evil spirit. Read just the rest of the chapter ... the first of the chapter and see what had happened. When He told Nathanael there that day, said, "I saw you before you was under ... when you was under the fig tree I saw you." Nathanael being an ordained man to eternal life, he said, "Rabbi, thou art the Son of God, the King of Israel." He said, "Blessed art thou," see. "Because I told you this, you believe? You can see greater things than this." See, He's ready then to move on up into another sphere as soon as he ... he'd see greater things. Said, "You'll be able to see the angels descending and ascending upon the Son of man," now, because he was coming into higher heights.

```
John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 1:50 Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.

John 1:51 And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.

```
**55** If you that's just accepted Christ by justification, accept Him by sanctification and clean up your life. You're still smoking. Watch what happens, how much different. You look back to justification. You who just standing justified, and never received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, step up into that sphere, then look back down at the rest of it, see. Just keep walking, till after awhile you get so light, you just could walk on up in the rapture. We used to sing an old song, "Each day brings me one round higher, higher," see. That's what we ought to do---never build the same fire on the grounds the second night. Just keep climbing higher and higher.

**56** I was in Phoenix a few days ago, and they sang a little song, "I'm going up, up, up." They said they went up till they struck the Milky White Way. That's what we got to strike. And then he took a home run, when he hit the Milky White Way. So that's what we're to do. But Jesus performing and showing to his own people exactly according to the Scriptures ... and He was provoked at them. And it said, "Many mighty works He could not do because of their unbelief." Now, when they call the same Holy Spirit in this day a hoax, a mental telepathy, how can you expect a revival? How can you expect ... when Jesus plainly said, and the prophets prophesied, at the evening time these things would happen. Wish we had a month to stay here and teach it, so that you'd see with infallible proof that it is.

```
Matthew 13:58 And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.

```
**57** And then when America looks at it, they make fun of it. "Holy roller, fortune-teller, a mental telepathist." Anybody that would call the discernment of spirit a mental telepathy, the man is insane. He doesn't know the first step of mental telepathy, because his psychology... It proves that he doesn't know what he's talking about. It shows his own ignorance of the profession that he claims to be. He doesn't even know the first step of psychology, if he calls discernment of spirits psychology. People get it... They've got to make an answer for something. And when they do, instead of praying and asking God to reveal it, they just draw their own opinion. That's their opinion, like it is in the garden of Eden. The fig leaves was the best, so they accept it like that. "My church don't believe it, and that settles it." It's what God said; not what your theology said. It's what the Bible said about it. That's the condition that Jesus found the church.

**58** So we realize... (And I am not going to keep you like I did last night, if I can possibly help it. Friends, I only speak by inspiration, can only say as He says say. And that's why it takes me a long time sometimes.) But, I want you to notice that God in all generations, all down through the Bible, He's always had his time that when He sent his signs, wonders, and gifts amongst the people ... and, so that in the great general resurrection He could be just. For He can stand the man here. Don't you try to deny it then, for here stands the person that He spoke to you through; and you're without excuse. It's what He said about the queen there you know.

**59** Now, and any time that God ever sent a gift to the world, and the people received it, they become ... it was a golden age for them. But when they rejected it, they went into chaos and disaster, and into punishment. Now, you Bible historians, or ... just speak when one time... Did they ever reject God's gifts and his signs, and they ever prospered? One time when they were going to battle, He spoke. God spoke to them, and said. "If you wish to prosper, do my prophets no harm. Believe my prophets, if you want to prosper." Well, now, we know that if this United States of America would accept the gift of God that's sent to it... Which, out of America has went evangelists, and missionaries, that started a healing revival world-wide---as the angel of the Lord thirty-one years ago spoke down there at the river, when that light ... pillar of fire hung there.

```
1 Chronicles 22:13 Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.

2 Chronicles 20:20 And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper.

```
**60** And them papers packed it, "Mystic light appearing over local Baptist minister, a boy, while baptizing five hundred at the Ohio River." And He said, "As John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming of Christ, this message shall forerun the second." Here we are. Has it did it? From there sparked Oral Roberts, Tommy Hicks, Osborn, and so forth. Around and around the world they've went. It's did it. Notice. Now, if America would receive God's gift, it would be a golden age for us---if all of the American churches would accept God's gift. What is God's gift to the church? The Holy Ghost. What if all the American people that believe in Christ would receive the Holy Ghost. They wouldn't have to wonder who was going to be in the Sputnik, or who's going to be in the machine 180 miles around. That church would be in glory before they could get a Sputnik started. That's right.

**61** And you don't have to worry about... Now, they're so scared. Why, if we would receive God's gift to us, why, we wouldn't have to try to dig holes to hide from the atomic bomb, and put all this newscast out to build a shelter to get into. I want to ask you something. They claim that this new hydrogen bomb... And that's the only one we know of. We don't know what they've got back in the sleeve. But they can stand in Moscow, Russia, and time a bomb right on this building by the stars, and guide it by radar---and got it placed at every major nation, and every major city in the world. Just pull one string, and there she goes. Somebody is going to drink too much vodka, one day. There it'll be.

**62** And every nation's standing... We've got the same thing. And one of them bombs is going to get into somebody's radar screen, one of these days, and there she goes. And that could happen before morning. But before that happens, the church is going up. That's right. So if that is that close, how close is the coming of Christ, if that has to go before that happens? I don't believe the church goes through the tribulation. I don't believe there's a scripture to support it. Now, if I'm different, you all just throw that out, as a bone off the chicken I've said, or a seed out the... See.

**63** But remember, there wasn't a drop of rain fell till Noah got in the ark. There was no fire fell at all till Sodom ... Lot come out of Sodom. Jesus said, "As it was in them days, so will it be in the coming of the Son of man." The church already is... It don't have to be judged; it's already been judged. For it judged Christ, and Christ stood its judgment. When we are in Him, we are free from judgment. If God judges you, then He's unjust. Christ took our judgment for us, and by one Spirit we are baptized into that body. "He that believeth on me has everlasting life and shall not come into the judgment." St. John 5:24. "He that heareth my words and believeth on Him that sent me, has everlasting life and shall not come to the judgment; but has passed from death unto life." That's the gospel. Oh, how happy we should be, just watching and waiting for that glorious time. Now. But America condemns it, throws it out. They'd rather have their theology. Now Jesus referred here to Solomon. But before He did that...

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**64** There's one man here that I'd like to talk about just a minute, and that's that fellow Jonah. So many people turn Jonah down, say, "Oh, he's a Jonah." But Jonah never got out of the will of God. How can a prophet get out of the will of God? He was God's prophet. How could he? I was reading a book, here not long ago, on something of it. Might have been fiction; it might have been true. But Jonah took ... God told him to go to Tarshish. Elijah told Elisha to tarry back in Gilead, too. But he went on, see.

```
Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

```
**65** But we have to watch. God leads his children, and the footsteps of the righteous is ordered of the Lord. They are led by the Holy Spirit. Sometimes we think they're making a mistake. But if the Spirit's leading you, go do it anyhow. ... the Holy Spirit tells some of you people in wheelchairs, "Get up and start walking," walk anyhow. How're you going to do it? That's not your business; just listen to what the Spirit says. Tells you to come to the altar, repent---do it. "My neighbor ... my pastor..." I don't care what he says. What the Holy Spirit says, go do it. Sons of God are led by the Spirit of God. Now. Many times I've went to cities. I've thought I made a mistake, but I just kept on battling on. After awhile it wasn't a mistake.

```
Romans 8:14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

```
**66** Jonah was supposed to go to Nineveh. Nineveh was a city almost the size of St. Louis out here, thousands of people. And they got away from God, and began to worship idols. And we know the story. Jonah was supposed to go to Nineveh, but he took a ship to Tarshish. So, if he'd have went to Nineveh, the story would not have been written like it is. So, he was on his road to Tarshish, and the great sea began to roar and carry on. And Jonah, the good, honest man, told them that it was his sin and they bound his hands and feet, and throwed him out in the ocean. And God had a big fish there to swallow him. You know, I've always felt sorry for Jonah, because... A lot of people look like... They say, "My hand's crippled. Well, I was prayed for. It's no different." "My tummy hurt; no different." As long as you look at that, you are not going to be any different. You've got to look at what God said.

```
Jonah 1:3 But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; and he found a ship going to Tarshish: so he paid the fare thereof, and went down into it, to go with them unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD.

Jonah 1:4 But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken.

Jonah 1:15 So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.

Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

```
**67** Here some time ago, I went to pray ... about fifteen years ago, for a young man laying dying with black diphtheria---mother and father crying for me to come. Well, I went there. And the doctor was a Catholic doctor, and he wouldn't let me go in. Said, "You a married man?" I said, "Yes, sir." "Got children?" I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "I can't let you go in." He said, "That's contagious." I said, "Sir, I'm a minister of the gospel." He said, "I don't care." Said, "That's contagious. You're not inoculated from it." I said, "Well, that may be true, too, but God will take care of me." He said, "Listen, sir," he said, "I can't let you go in." And I said, "Well, the mother and father are standing there crying." He said, "The boy is dying. He has been dying for the last twenty-four hours."

**68** I said, "I want to ask you something, doctor. Now, we differ in theology," I said, "you being Catholic, and me Protestant. But," I said, "we're worshipping the same God. You're just taking a different road. But I'd like to ask you something. If that was a Catholic boy laying in there dying, and the priest was standing here, and that boy was crying, wanting ... the father and mother begging for that boy to receive the last rites of the church, would you let him go in?" He said, "Why, certainly." I said, "I mean as much to them as the priest would to that Catholic boy." And he said, "But wait a minute. The priest is not a married man; you are." And I said, "If I'm willing to sign a statement that I'm responsible, and it won't happen to me..." I finally persuaded him, and he dressed me up like a Ku Klux Klan, and all over my face...

**69** And I went in there, and there was a little nurse there. And the boy had been unconscious for two days. And I do not understand anything about medicine. But anyhow, they put a cardiograph test on him, and some kind of a something that went all the way down the hand, and he was just barely living. I forget how many times his heart was beating per minute. And so, the old father and mother standing there, said, "Oh." He said, "Mother, look. Brother Branham is here. It's going to be ... the Lord's going to heal him now." I prayed for him. I said, "Heavenly Father, I come here now as your servant. I come with faith. You let me in by some means beyond that doctor. He squeezed over a little bit, and let me come in. And now I lay hands upon this precious dying boy, and I call for his life to be restored to him, in the name of Jesus Christ." I got up,

**70** and the mother and father began to hug one another, and saying, "Isn't it wonderful, mother?" And I said, "Do you believe?" "Oh," said, "certainly." So went on. I started out, and the little nurse walked over there. And they were just shouting and praising God for the boy's healing (he never moved), and the mother ... the little mother and father rejoicing. So the nurse come over. She said, "Sir," she said, "I believe in faith myself." She said, "But how can you stand there and carry on like that, and your only child laying here dying?" "Oh," the father said, "he is not dying. He is living. He is going to live." "Why," she said, "how do you figure anything like that?" Said, "Why, he's a-living, sure."

**71** She said, "Listen, sir." Said, "It is good to have faith, and we all believe in faith in God." See, there you go back to that hybrid theology again, see. And said, but said... When that hand, whatever it was... Now, if there's a doctor present, I don't know what it was. But somehow, ever ... when it ever went down that low, that heartbeat with this disease, it never has been known in history to ever come back again. The sainted old man put his arm around the little nurse's neck. He said, "Honey," said, "you're trained to watch that machine. That's what you know about." Said, "I don't blame you. That has done a lot of good things." He said, "But you see, it depends on what you're looking at." Said, "You're looking to what that machine says. I'm looking at what a promise of God said." And that boy is a missionary in Africa tonight, the father of two children, preaching the gospel.

**72** It depends on what you're looking at. The Bible ... the Christian looks at the unseen. Not what you'll see here, but what God said. It's a promise. Don't care what science says or anything; it's what God said. You know people talk about symptoms. I think Jonah had the worst case of symptoms I ever knowed of. Remember, he was in the belly of a whale. And now, he was way out in the ocean a couple days journey. Perhaps it was forty fathoms deep there. And there was a storm on the sea, and his hands was tied behind him.

**73** And you know what he was doing? The fish, when it feeds and gets a belly full, he goes down to the bottom of the sea to rest. Just feed your goldfish and see what happens. He goes down and rests. So he has this prophet in his belly, so he's pretty well filled up. So he went down to rest. And there he was, with his hands tied behind him. And if he turned over in the vomit of the whale, when he looked this way it was whale's belly; this way was whale's belly. Everywhere he looked was whale's belly. Now, there's nobody here in that bad a shape tonight. You know that. But you know what that prophet said? He refused to see the whale's belly. He said, "They're lying vanities. I won't look at them." He said, "But once more will I look to your holy temple," for when Solomon dedicated the temple he prayed---a man, an earthly man who later backslid. When he dedicated the temple of God, he prayed. He said, "Lord, if thy people be in trouble anywhere, and look towards this holy place and pray, then hear from heaven." He had that much confidence in the prayer of Solomon, a man, by a earthly temple.

```
1 Kings 8:38 What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people Israel, which shall know every man the plague of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:

1 Kings 8:39 Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and give to every man according to his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou, even thou only, knowest the hearts of all the children of men;)

Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

Jonah 2:8 They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.

```
**74** And God, I don't know what He done. He must have put an oxygen tank in there, or something. But He kept him alive for three days and nights, and delivered him at Nineveh where he was supposed to go. And if Jonah could have that much faith in a man's prayer---an earthly man that later backslid, to a earthly tabernacle built with hands---how much more we, under these circumstances, can have faith in the blood of Jesus Christ, who stepped out of the earthly temple to the right hand of God, the Father, with his own bloody garments making intercession upon our confession. How much more can we deny any symptom that's contrary to the faith of God that's leading us. How can we do such a thing? Now, today... Jonah wasn't altogether that, but he also ... Jonah was in the will of God.

```
Hebrews 7:25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

```
**75** Now, the people had begun to worship beasts and animals. That's what heathens do, worship animals. I see all these people with little old dogs around, and practicing birth control. I believe it's just about got back to America again. So then, we come back, and we find that they worship... The god of the sea was the whale. They were fishermen by occupation. All the men were out fishing with their nets. And one day about eleven o'clock in the day, here come the sea-god in. The whale raised up out of the sea. All the men got scared because the great sea-god was coming in. It run up to the bank, licked his tongue out for a gangplank, and the prophet walked right off; and began to prophesy, "Repent, or this place will perish in forty days." Right down through the street he went with his bald head shining, "Repent, or this place will perish. Repent, or the place will perish." Sure. The god spit the prophet out. Sure. God knows how to do things. He knows just how to make everything work right. Jesus referred to him here. "A wicked and adulterous generation seeks after signs," He said, "seeking after signs." But He said, "They will receive a sign. For as Jonah was in the belly of the whale three days and nights, so the Son of man..."

```
Jonah 3:4 And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

Luke 11:30 For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.

```
**76** Now, I want to ask you something. Quickly now, because I see we got to hurry. I want to ask you something. What generation was He talking about? How many knows the Scripture always has a compound answer? Sure it does. "Out of Nineveh ... out of Egypt I've called my son," Matthew 3. Run that reference back. It was Jacob, his son, He called out. Also, Jesus, his Son, see. All right. Now, if He was talking about a wicked and an adulterous generation, it was this generation---a wicked and a evil ... an adulterous generation. And He said they would receive a sign. Now, put on your caps, put on ... open up your heart. Besides that, put a spiritual funnel out to catch it. Remember, He said, "This wicked and adulterous generation would receive a sign." What kind of a sign? The sign of the resurrection. You get it? Christ alive tonight, among us doing the same things that He did. A wicked and adulterous generation will receive a sign of the resurrection. That's exactly, exactly what the scriptures promised. We'll receive a sign of the resurrection. Now quickly to my closing thoughts. Wish we had more time, but we haven't.

```
Hosea 11:1 When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.

Matthew 2:15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

```
**77** Then He come to Solomon. In the days of Solomon... Now, give me your undivided attention for about ten minutes. In the days of Solomon it was a golden age. God gave a gift to the earth. It was the gift of discernment. Solomon had a discernment. How many knows that? And he could discern, because it was from God. The word of God was with Solomon. He could discern. Why, all the people rallied around that gift. Oh, my! And any minister knows that was Israel's golden age. No wars, and they built the temple, and everything was at peace, and everything---because they received the gift that God sent. And them days they didn't have television (Thank the Lord!) but they ... the only way they had to carry news was from lip-to-ear. And every caravan passing through would hear about this great gift. They'd go over to Solomon's church and look at it, then go back and take it to nations, till his fame scattered everywhere.

**78** Way down in Sheba (mark it on your map, how far it is), plumb down across the Sahara Desert, people coming through down... There was a little queen down there, and she heard of the fame. Everybody would come through and pass through Egypt, say, "Oh ..." or pass through Israel, would say, "You should go up into Israel. Oh, their God is a living God. He's moving among them. They got a man up there is anointed with his Spirit, and he does things that a man can't do. It's a supernatural." And the little queen began to hear of it, everybody talking of it. What if we'd just go talking about our God like that, how He gives the Holy Ghost, and peace, and joy, understanding---oh, wouldn't it be wonderful? Now faith cometh by hearing the word of God. Now, her little heart began to hunger. You know you can't talk about God unless it makes your heart hunger, if there is anything in you anyhow. So her little heart began to hunger. "Oh, I wonder if that's true." Next caravan come through, "Have you been up in Israel? They tell me they've got a revival going on up there." "Yup, yup, yup, yup." "Did you see it?" "Yeah. Oh, I tell you, I never seen such! Why, there is not a human being on earth ever was known of... That wisdom, that discernment is perfect." "Did you see it?" "Oh, it worked on me. I know it was," see. "Sure, it was wonderful. Oh, you ought to have seen it. Oh, that man, he... Why it couldn't be the man. I felt his hand. I shook his hand. He wears clothes like we do, but he is anointed with the Spirit of God, and he gives God all the praise. He said God give him the gift to lead the people. Oh, how everything is glorious. You should see it."

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**79** Faith cometh by hearing. Now today, we'd say, "Ha, hmm. We're Methodist. We're Baptist. We got no need of that kind of stuff." No. That's the reason we don't get nowhere. "Holy rollers, that bunch of Pentecostals. Nah, nothing to that. Bunch of holy rollers," see. Go ahead. Our name's on a bomb out yonder somewhere. We'll get it. We'll get the reward, don't worry. So then... They did the day they rejected Jesus. They did the day they rejected the rest of them, rejected Noah, and all down through, and God never fails. He's always the same. So we'll get it.

**80** Now we notice the first thing happened. Now let's just watch for a few more minutes. Now the little queen began to thirst, hungering and thirst. What did Jesus say? "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness." Just even whether they got it or not, they're... Just thirsting for it you're blessed. So she said, "I must go see." So the first thing she does, she has to go see her pastor, her bishop, you know, before she can come. So, you know she's a dignitary, you know. So I can see her go up and say, "Holy father, they tell me that the Israelites up there has got a revival going on, and their God is come down living in a man, and he's got a powerful discernment, and there's nothing like it."

```
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

```
**81** "My daughter, (ahem, ahem) I am the holy reverend father, and you really understand that if there was anything in the supernatural line going on, our church would have it. [We still have them, you know.] So don't fool with that bunch. That's illiterate bunch up there. There's nothing like that. That's just a make believe. There's nothing to it. Don't go up." "Well," she said, "look. If it was in our church, then why haven't I seen it in our church? [There's a good question.] Why don't I see it? Now, I've been here... My grandmother belonged to this church. My grandmother and grandfather were members here. My great-grandfather and -grandmother was here. And we have never seen one move of anything supernatural. "So now, you tell me all of this, and these idols, and so forth. And you got a lot of books here, and a lot of theology; but I don't see them. But they tell me that something's alive up there [Amen. I like that.] , something that's real, something that can produce itself [Hallelujah!] . Not hybrid; but it can produce the right thing." "Well," he said, "Now, my daughter, listen. Do you realize that you have a social standing? You belong to all these clubs, and things. If you go, you know what's going to happen?" "I don't care what happens." Boy, when a man and woman goes to hungering for God, there is nothing going to stop them. She goes back down. I wish we could linger longer on it, but we've got to hurry.

**82** So she goes back down, and she said, "You know what? I'm going anyhow. So I don't care if they excommunicate me, and take my name off the book. I'm going anyhow. It don't make any difference. If our church is not cooperating with it, that don't mean a thing. I'm going because something in my heart is telling me there is a living God somewhere, and I am determined to find Him." Amen! Now, when you get that, there is nothing going to stop you. No holy fathers, or bishops, or nothing else is going to stop you. No pagan ceremonies, or no man-made theology, or anything else, if God is pushing at your heart. If He isn't woe, unto you. God be merciful to you. Then we find out, she said, "Well, now, if they take my name off the book..." All the sisters got around, said, "You are the queen."

**83** She said, "I don't care what I am. I've got to answer this call that is calling." When the deep calls to the deep, there has got to be a deep to respond to that call. That's right. Before there's a fin on the fish's back, there had to be a water first for him to swim in. If you believe in divine healing... Do you do it? Say, "Amen." That shows there is divine healing somewhere. That's right, because you'd never have that crave.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**84** I got a little boy (out of the paper the other day) where he'd eat the erasers off of his pencils, and his mammy found him eating the pedal off of a bicycle. They took him down to the laboratory to ... or the clinic, to test him, to find out his little body needed sulfur. He found it in rubber. Why? That's where sulfur is at---in rubber. See, before there could be a crave for sulfur there had to be a sulfur, to respond to that crave. Before there could be a creation, there has to be a creator to create the creation. Hallelujah! And if tonight we're here hungering for divine healing, there's a fountain open somewhere. You're hungering for more of God, there's more of God somewhere, or you wouldn't have the hunger. That's only the law of God, one of his laws---like sowing and reaping, and so forth.

**85** Notice now. She got ready. She said, "Now, wait a minute. It might not be true. I don't know, but I believe it is. So you know, if it is true I'm going to take a lot of money. I'm going to support it. And if it isn't true, I can bring my money back." You know it would do Pentecostal people good to take her advice. So many people support things on radio that laugh and call you a holy roller, make fun of you. And yet you support radio programs with such stuff as that, with your good, hard-earned, money. I'd put it where it really done good. That's right. Ministers never told me to say that. I don't talk to no one during the meetings. I'm alone in the room. But that's true. If it's right, it's worth not only your money; it's worth your life, it's worth everything. If it isn't right, leave it alone. So I imagine she bought up all the scrolls, and tried to read what Jehovah was. That's a good way. Find out what He is, and then you see whether it's Him or not.

**86** That's the way people ought to do today. Read what Jesus was yesterday, then see if it's Him today. That's right. See if He acts the same today as He did yesterday. See if it's the same Spirit, same God all the way through the Bible. See if it's Him. See if He shows the same things. Then, if your theology is contrary to that, get rid of your theology, and get God. That's right.

**87** Now, remember now. Look. She had a lot of perils to go through. That little queen had a lot to face her. Remember. What did she do? She probably scouted herself up a little army---a bunch of eunuchs ---and some maidens to go with her. And remember, she had a long ways to travel. And besides, Ishmael's children was in the desert, and they were robbers. Well, what an easy thing that would be with all that she had took---much gold, spices that ... didn't know nothing about, the rest of the world, and frankincense, and great costly treasures. Why, that little... Them Ishmaelites, them fleet-footed riders could've rode in there, and killed that little band off, and took that money, and went in a few minutes.

**88** But you know, when something is moving in your heart to find God, you don't know no fear. Say, "Can I walk, Brother Branham?" If you really are hungering to walk, God's putting it in your heart... You say, "I might make a mistake." What mistake? God will take you through it. Don't you never worry there, if God's telling you in your heart. Say, "Brother Branham, I'd like to preach the whole gospel, but I'm afraid to. They'd excommunicate me. They'd take my papers away from me." Throw it back at 'em, and then start walking with God!

**89** Nurse told me the other day, said, "I believe divine healing, but," said, "they'd take my sheepskin away from me. If anybody professes divine healing up on the hospital" (where I prayed for some people and they were healed), said, "if I profess it, they'd take my nurse's rights, my sheepskin away from me." I said, "That's a goatskin. Throw it away, and get a real sheepskin," I said. "Get a ... where the blood of Jesus Christ is wrote." That's true. Anything ... I believe in medicine, I believe in doctors. I believe in hospitals. But don't be a fanatic. Don't go to that extreme, to know that them things are the only thing. God is the one that does the healing. Them's only nature's... I believe in machinery. I believe in automobiles, and I believe in soap to wash your hands with, and clothes that we wear, and machines, and things. I believe in that. But it ain't going to hinder my faith in Almighty God to know that He is the one that gives them, and sends them to me. That's exactly right. Sure.

**90** Now, we notice she had a lot to conflict her. But, you know, when anybody is really thirsting for God, there ain't nothing going to stop them. She moved on. Now remember. She didn't just go in fifteen minutes. Did you measure the distance? You know how long it takes? How long it takes to drive it? Well, first thing, she had to pass over the Sahara Desert. And she didn't go in an air-conditioned Cadillac. No. But she went on the back of a camel. It taken her three months to make it. Three months! No wonder Jesus said, "She'll stand in this generation and condemn it,"

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

John 11:31 The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.

```
**91** when people live across the street won't come. Got cars, and transportation, and everything else, and still... That shows she'll stand with this United States in this generation, in the days of her resurrection, and condemn this nation. Jesus said so. That makes it right. She didn't come in an air-conditioned coach, or a Cadillac. She probably had to travel by night in the little caravan, and a few eunuchs with her. But she was determined to find out whether that was of God or not. All along reading, and had to travel at night; daytime, little oasis somewhere or other, the howling winds, and read the scrolls---what God was and what He would ... what she'd expect if it was God.

**92** And when she finally got there... Now she never come to stay ... like some people at Bloomington, or so forth, come. They'll come in, and sit down a minute. "I'll go. Somebody, my maid, my so-and-so, they asked me to go. So, I guess I'll go. But if he says one thing contrary to what I believe, I'll stomp right out." That shows your ignorance. That shows what kind of a home you was brought up in. I was brought up in a mountain home in Kentucky, but my mammy raised me better than that, to give respects. If I come, I'd stay till this ended, or I wouldn't come at all. But get right up, and, "First thing he says I don't believe, away I go. There you are. Go right ahead. Then ...

**93** but she come to stay. When she finally arrived at the gate, what did she do? She unpacked the camels, fixed her tent, and prepared to stay till she was satisfied. Look into the Scriptures, till she examined it to see whether it was right or not. Now that's the way we should do. No wonder she'll condemn this generation. She's got to. She'll condemn it. She stayed. Not say, "Well, if they preach over twenty minutes, brother, I'm gone." But she stayed for day after day. She come because there was something in her heart pulling to her. You say, "But, Brother Branham, it might mean I'll lose two hours' sleep." It meant a kingdom to her. But it meant life to her also. (You think I'm hard, but I'm not, see. I just want you to know truth.)

**94** So she stayed there. She unloaded her camels, and she set up. I can imagine, next morning ... a little drama, now, in closing. She goes over to the... She said, "I'll find out now. I know just about what Jehovah is, because I've read the prophets, and I know what it'll be." Well, the church bells tolled, and the music played. After awhile pastor Solomon came out, came out on the platform, and noticed the first one with a prayer card, or whatever they had, coming up, who ... however they had to select it. Come up. She noticed that discernment was perfect. I imagine her little heart began to beat. Next one come up, perfect. Next one come up, perfect. Next one come up, perfect. Oh, my! Imagine back to her tent she went, and called her little maids in, said, "Oh, it's just exactly, just exactly according to this Word, this Scripture here I read. It's according to what everybody else told me. I'm going to get me a card, and get up there too. Yes, sir. So I'm going to go.

**95** So she got her position, and when she come to a place to where she was going to get up, got her preparation rather... And when she got ready, when she come up before Solomon, the Bible said that there was nothing hid from Solomon before her. He told her what was in her heart. You know what that little heathen woman done? She turned, because Solomon said it, and she knowed it was from God. She said, "Blessed be the Lord God." Watch the words. Elohim, the great Jehovah. "Blessed be the Lord your God, that gives you these things. All that I heard was true, and more than I heard [because it happened to her, you see] , more than I heard is true." And she said, "Even blessed are these men that are with you, that stand here daily, watching before you this gift work. Blessed are they that are with you. Oh, this is glorious," she said.

```
2 Chronicles 9:2 And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.

2 Chronicles 9:6 Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.

2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

2 Chronicles 9:8 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.

```
**96** And Jesus said, "She'll stand in the day of the judgment, and condemn this generation, because a greater than Solomon is here." O God, be merciful to us is my prayer. I would like to go on a little further. "Blessed are the people that's with you, that constantly see this go all the time. All that I heard is right, and more. More than I thought was, is right." Let us bow our heads. Lord Jesus, You are still the same God. There is no difference in You. You are God on the housetop, You're God in the mountain, You're God in the valley, You're God of the sea. You're God of heavens, You're God of creation. You're the God of our life. You're the God of everything there is. You are God. I pray Thee, Lord, that as this little group of people---just two or three hundred people sitting here together tonight... Yet, You come all the way from heaven to hear the cry of one blind beggar. You come all the way from heaven one time to answer, or cross the ocean to one man that was insane, the maniac of Gadarea---healed that one man and returned to your home. You would come from glory tonight to confirm your Word, because the Bible says You watch over it to confirm it.

```
2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

Matthew 8:28 And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way.

Matthew 8:32 And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Mark 5:2 And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,

Mark 5:13 And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.

Luke 8:27 And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.

Luke 8:29 (For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**97** O God, let it be that they'll not notice this poor illiterate dumb man that's standing here, trying to speak the Word. But may the great Holy Spirit come and speak. They're a lovely audience, Lord. I love to talk to them. I keep them too long each night. But, Father God, one word from You will mean more than a million billion that I could say. Come and prove that what I've said is the truth, that a greater than Solomon is here. Come and prove to them, Lord, that You are the resurrected Lord Jesus, keeping your Word. I commit myself, and this church, and these sick people into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**98** Now, will you wait another ten minutes or fifteen? I won't have time ... and where is Billy Paul? What cards did he give out Monday? Do you know? or the day that I gave out ... Sunday, was it, the day that I prayed for the sick? What was he? A, A's? All right. What's Paul's number? First part of them was from 1. Let's call from the last part of them. Let's see. Let start from ... where? Let's start from 75. Let's see if we got them. Is A1 ... is A75 here? Raise up your hand. Somebody look at your card. No? Well, we'll start from somewhere else. All right. All right, A75, is that right? Come right here, young fellow. A76, where is it at? All right, mister. A77, raise up your hand.

**99** We'll get to all of them. We'll just have to call them as we can. 77, where was it at? 77, 78, who has A78? Come here, 78. Now, there's something wrong somewhere. 75, 76, who's got 77? 76 ... say he's got 76? Who has prayer card A76? All right. Somebody raised their hand wrong. Don't do that. You get us confused. All right, 76, 77, 78, 79 ... 79 raise up your hand, please. All right, 80? Now if you can't get up, you people in the wheelchairs... You got a prayer card? Oh, you don't have to have a prayer card to get healed. This is just people coming to the platform. Now, 71 or ... where did I start? I forget. 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80. 81, 81, raise your hand, 82 raise your hand if you can. 83, 84, 84. All right, 85, 86, 87, 87. Look at your neighbor. It might be somebody deaf, and can't hear. Look at your neighbor's card. Look in the ... got it? All right. 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 2, 3, 4, 5, 96, 97, 98, 98. 98, did ... I missed it. 98, raise up your hand. 98 [blank spot] ... a prayer card, and you're sick, and you want God to heal you, raise up your hands. Raise up your hands, wherever. Everywhere. Now please, don't be in no hurry. Just keep quiet, just a few minutes. You'll... What could be any more essential? If the world stood still... If they were going to create a bomb that would blow up the rest of the world, that wouldn't be essential. If you was going to receive $100,000,000, it still wouldn't be essential. Is our God alive? Is our faith in vain? Is He real, or is He not real?

**100** If I said to... If every one of them wheelchairs, people sitting there... I think the reason is they come in, they come in, they're going to have a prayer... We're going down and pray for all the wheelchairs tomorrow night, is it? Or when is it? Friday night, they give for the wheelchairs. That don't ... you don't ... necessary that... You can be healed right now. Don't wait till Friday night. I challenge you, in those wheelchairs, to look this way and believe that I am God's prophet ... or, excuse me, God's servant, please. (See, that word scatters, and beats people.) I'm not a prophet. I'm just his servant. You believe that with all your heart.

**101** I cannot heal you. No, sir. Nor nobody else can heal you. It's your own faith that does it. But, if you'll realize that it's the same Jesus... When He was here on earth He said, "I do nothing till the Father shows me." Is that right? St. John 5:19. Jesus ... well, think. Never performed one miracle until God showed Him (not told Him, but showed Him) by a vision; or the Bible told something wrong, Jesus told a lie. So He couldn't do it. He's God. Jesus said in St. John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in himself but what He sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise." See if that's not in your Bible---King James, or Moffatt or any translation you want to take. See if it isn't the same thing. If ... the original Greek Diaglott, if you want to, you'll find the same thing. "I do nothing until I see the Father..." In other words, He acted out in drama.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**102** Now, while they're getting them lined up, I want to ask you one thing. Look. There was a woman one time in the Bible, that she didn't have no prayer card for the sick. But she said, "I believe that that man is the Son of God. So if I can just touch his garment, I'll be made whole." How many knows that's the truth? And she touched his garment. Is that right? She went back out in the audience. Maybe she was sitting down like you are. Maybe she stood up. I don't know. But Jesus stopped, and everybody was putting their hands around Him, you know, saying, "Rabbi, we're glad you're over here. Come, Rabbi. We've heard many things that you've done in Galilee. We'd like to see you perform something over here." "How do you do, Rabbi? Come, go home for dinner with me."

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

```
**103** That little woman slipped up. Now, physically, He couldn't have felt it, because that garment hangs loose, and it's got an underneath garment. So, I wouldn't have felt it if it was on my coat tail here, as we call it. And how about that big, loose garment? But He spiritually felt it. Watch what He said. He said, "Who touched me?" And Peter got so provoked, he said ... he rebuked Jesus. The Bible says that Peter rebuked Jesus. Said, "Why would you say a thing like that? Why, you sound like you're an insane. Why, everybody is touching you. Why would you say a thing like that?" Rebuked him. He said, "I perceive that I got weak." Is that right? Now you read in the King James, "virtue went out of him," which is strength. "I perceive that I've got weak."

```
Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**104** Well, if one vision, one person, made the Son of God get weak, what would it do to me, a sinner saved by his grace? Now when... You can't take too many. You know that. You fall right over. And when Jesus said, "Greater things than this you do." You get the Greek Emphatic Diaglott, and find out if it ain't right, "more than this shall you do." Instead of greater; more. You couldn't do no greater, but you can do more of it, because there'll be more shall you do. Now. And He looked around over the audience till He found the woman, and He said ... told her that she'd had a blood issue, and her faith had made her whole. Is that right? Now how many believes that He is still that same Christ tonight? How many knows that the New Testament, the book of Hebrews, said that He is right now, this minute, our high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? How many knows that? If He is the same high priest, He'd act the same way. He's the vine; we are the branches. He cannot do nothing. He is waiting for us to do it. He made us joint heirs, and we're workers with Him.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**105** Now you touch Him with your infirmities, you without a prayer card. You touch Him. And if I've told you the truth, then He'll speak back through me, and say the same thing to you as He said that day. How many would love Him, and believe Him, and worship Him, and die for Him if He'd do that tonight before us, after we'd get through with them? Heavenly Father, that's as far as any man can go. The next is yours, Father. You have to speak, for I can speak no more. Now it's at the showdown. Is your word right, or is it not right? And let all these people in these wheelchairs, all these people with heart trouble, all these people with TB, cancer, whatever it might be, let them Father, touch tonight. May every person in here be healed. Oh, eternal God, I pray for every one of them.

**106** Hear my prayer, Father. I just ... with all my heart, how I would just love to see you heal every one. And Father, You have healed every one. I pray for their faith, then, that it will not fail in this hour; that they will know that there's never been nothing like this since the days of Christ, Himself. And You promised it would be back in this last days, and here it is. Grant it, Lord. I'm depending on You. I'm saying that boldly, because I believe that You will do, tonight, the same as You always have done. I commit myself to You in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**107** Now let it be well known to this audience, that I do not claim to be our Lord Jesus Christ. How many understands that? Jesus is in heaven. When He comes, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess. But I do say that his Spirit, the Holy Spirit, is here. And by a divine gift of that Holy Spirit... When I was a little boy, only a few months old, I saw my first vision. Tens of thousands of them has happened since then, and not one of them has ever failed. I'm talking to people here that's been with me around the world. And raise your hand, if I ever said anything in the name of the Lord but what come to pass. Anybody here that ever hear me mention something in "thus saith the Lord" that it ever failed to be right, raise your hands, and come tell me about it. See, it's true then. It's God. Man can't do that.

```
Isaiah 45:23 I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear.

Romans 14:11 For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.

Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

Philippians 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

```
**108** And remember, now, you people in the wheelchairs, and all of you, or you without prayer cards: it isn't whether you're here or not. That... Me touching you, it won't have a bit of good. You touching me won't do a bit. But if you'll touch Him, it'll happen---because He's already purchased your healing. Let's hear you say that together. "He has already healed me. Lord, help my unbelief that I may believe, and touch the high priest that can be touched by the feeling of my infirmities." Now you've got it. Now remember.

**109** All of you in that line that knows that I know nothing about you, raise up your hands---all that's in that prayer line, every one. All that's in the audience that knows that I do not know you or anything about you, raise up your hands. There you are. Now here's the Bible says it, here's the Bible promised it. The Holy Spirit ... and if this works, you remember ... which it will. You remember this great joy that you feel, this thing called the Holy Spirit, that it's true.

**110** Now listen (to you Pentecostal people), didn't Paul say, "If one of you speak in tongues, and there be no interpreter, the unlearned will say, 'Why, you're mad.' But if there be a prophet among you who will prophesy, and reveal the secrets of the heart, then they'll fall down and say, 'Truly, God is with you.' "? Is that right? Well, if you believe in speaking in tongues, how can you deny this? See what I mean?

```
1 Corinthians 14:23 If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?

1 Corinthians 14:24 But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:

1 Corinthians 14:25 And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.

```
**111** Now, who is the first one? Who is on the end of line? This ... are you, young fellow? Would you come here? A young boy, think of it. Now, I never seen that boy in my life, as far as I know. We are strangers to one another. If that's right, raise up your hand, sir, by this Bible. I never seen him in my life, know nothing of him. But he is standing here for something. Perhaps he's sick. I don't know. I have no idea. If he is sick, then I cannot heal him. But if I just lay my hands on him, say, "You can be healed. Praise God. You're healed. Go believe it," well, that's all right. If he'd believe it, he'd get healed, I believe. If he truly believed it; not make-belief, but really believed it. Don't you believe that? The boy would get healed.

**112** Maybe it's financial troubles. Maybe it's domestic trouble. Maybe he's married, and he and his wife's having trouble. Maybe he and his girlfriend's having trouble. Maybe he's not married. I don't know what he's there for. I have no idea. But it will take the God of heaven to reveal it. Now if He does, every person in here will know it will have to be some spirit. The boy may be a student of this school here. I don't know. If it is, and the Holy Spirit does something from him, I trust that he will be gentleman enough to go tell them, see. That's right. I hope it is. Pardon me. (Oh, this thing kind of... All right? Now, I don't know who's on the mike.) I don't know when the visions strike. You realize, I'm looking somewhere, and seeing something that happened way back somewhere else, maybe go years back, and everything.

**113** Now I'm going to ask you to be real reverent. When the Holy Spirit does anything, and you want to praise Him, that's what you should do. But while we're sitting... Now, let's reverently and quietly move into the Shekinah, in the presence of God. To me and this young man here, who never met in our lives, standing here---earth people here, that's going to eternity to meet God, and answer at that day of the judgment, we are looking across God's Holy Bible. You are a man that ... perhaps some of them gave you a prayer card, and it just happened to be tonight that your number was called, and that's all you know about it. We're standing here. And if God will reveal to me the secret in your heart, and tell you ... and if He'll tell me to tell you what you're here for, or what's wrong with you, or something that which you know I know nothing about you, would you believe it with all your heart, young man? Would all the audience believe with all their heart? For me, and this young man, standing here, there's two men, eternity-bound people over God's Bible laying here, see. Now Lord, it's up to You. I can only speak your Word, and your Word is the truth, and I approached it in the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, confessing this that was ministered to me by an angel, which cannot fail because it's God.

**114** No, you are not from this school. You're not even from this state. You're from out of state. You come from Missouri, here. That's right. You're a minister, a young minister. You're in confusion, of what about your ministry. What must you do? That's been on your heart and mind. You're trying to seek even for a private interview, for me to find out what to do with your ministry. Stay where you are. He's fixing to move you. Do you believe me? Here is another thing. You got somebody on your heart you are praying for. It's a man. He's dying with cancer and you are standing here in his behalf. Those things are true? They are? Do you believe now you'll get what you ask for? Then go. God's peace be with you.

**115** Now let us just raise our hands. Pentecostal people, how can you hold your peace, when the very God that you love is so straight and so true. Just believe. Sworn affidavits, the Holy Spirit. All right. I do not know you, lady. I want you to look at me across the Bible. I do not know you, do I? We're strangers to one another. But if Jesus Christ will reveal to me ... in your heart, just like He talked to the woman at the well, and would reveal to me something that you know... If it was anything, I wouldn't know, because you know I don't know you, and you don't know me. Those things are true? Say, "What are you doing, Brother Branham?" It's the Word of God in here that is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts of the heart ---Christ, the living Word of God, making Himself known in infallible proof. Do you believe me to be his prophet? or his servant?

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**116** Yes, you're sick. If God will describe me where your sickness is, will you believe? It's in your kidneys, and in your bladder. If that's right, raise your hand. One is causing the other. Comes from your kidneys, irritation in the bladder. You've fought it quite a while. It's going to leave you now. Do you believe that? You're not from right here. You're from another city, but you're from Illinois, Urbana. That's right. U-r-b-a-n-a. That's true, isn't it? If I tell you who you are, will it help you? Mrs. Potts. Have faith. Do you believe with all your heart? That should settle it. Just be reverent, be real reverent. Give us just about five more minutes. Next person, please.

**117** Come look across the Bible. The God of heaven knows both of us. He knows why you're here; He knows why I'm here. But to know you, I do not. I have no idea what you're here for. But if the God of heaven will reveal to me what you're here for, will you believe me to be his prophet? Now then, I could not heal you. You know that. But it'll only raise your faith to heal. What would it do to you people there in the wheelchairs? Just look, just believe now. Your hour is close, if you'll just believe it right now. Please don't walk around. See, each one of you is a spirit, and I've got each one of your spirits in contact, like a breath. The anointing of the Holy Spirit ... everything is sinful when that comes on you. Everything you look at is sinful. And to disobey... That's what He told me to do: "Get the people to believe you, and then be sincere." When I say, "Be quiet, don't move around," and you don't do it, that shows you don't believe, see. That reflects back, and the Holy Spirit says, "Leave, leave them alone." But I cry to Him day and night, "Lord, don't do it yet. Let me try again," because I realize what heaven is.

**118** Did you ever read the little testimony in the Christian Businessmen, the little translation or vision I had the other night? I want every person in here to get one of those. If you ain't got the money, take it anyhow. I'll pay for it. You've read it? Isn't that beautiful? How could I ever let someone miss that place there? You're nervous, complications, lots of things wrong with you. But there's one main thing you have on your heart. It's for somebody else. That's a younger person. It's a woman. It's your daughter. She's awfully nervous, and she's had an operation that's caused it.

**119** You're not from here. Originally you're from Arkansas. Do you believe God can tell me who you are? Will it help you? Mrs. Martin, go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. Have faith, don't doubt. Believe on the Lord. Now, it's weakening me. Brother, please. Everybody, please, quiet, sit still. Please, please, please. I ask, "Please, don't get up." Please. It leaves me, you see, and then I have to come back again, see. Please, just be reverent. All right.

**120** I suppose we are strangers to one another, are we, sir? All right, sir. We are strangers. The Lord Jesus can reveal to me what your trouble is, will you believe me? I hate to tell you this. Do you want me to tell you anyhow? You're shadowed, cancer. You are shadowed to death. You've had some habits you've got to give up. That's right. Will you do it? Let me show you something. I feel another spirit moving in. It's the devil. You are trying to get right with God. Frankly, you've just been baptized. That's right. That lady sitting there with leukemia, do you believe Jesus Christ make you well? If you have faith, He'll do... Do you accept it? Do you believe that He'll heal and make you well? Have you got a prayer card? You don't. See, it's cancer, too, sister. You don't have to have a prayer card. Raise up your hand to Christ---the lady sitting there with the little red coat laying across her lap. Don't you all see that light hanging over the woman?

**121** I want to ask something. You be honest with me. When I spoke cancer and death, something strange happened to you. Is that right? You had a funny feeling-like come over you. Is this right? If that's right, wave your hand so that the people there'll see, see. It's death, too, on the woman. It's leukemia, or that's what the doctor said, and he's right. Now, you're both under the shadows of death. That dark streak coming from this, what is it? It's that devil in here called cancer. Cancer is a Greek word, or a medical word, means "crab." But it's a devil. It's a killer, a tormentor. It's on this man, and in that woman. And see, he was calling for help to try to get this man to disbelieve it, and the Holy Spirit beat him to it, and throwed faith on the woman. She touched something. See, that devil thought he could get by with it. Will you both believe on Jesus Christ, accept Him as your healer? Raise your hand. Then, in the name of Jesus Christ, I condemn that devil to leave you both. Go and be well.

**122** If there is anybody here that is a skeptic, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. You are worse off than they were. How do you do? Is there no usher there to take up those prayer cards? The people are crossing it up, with the prayer cards in their hands. Now, if you'll just wait, just a moment or two longer, honestly we'll quit. See, when you are moving, get up, and move around, it just throws the contact of the Spirit off. It's in the audience. That man sitting right there with arthritis, do you believe that God will make you well? All right, sir. You were praying, wasn't you, sir? Look how far he is from me. All right. Believe with all your heart, and the arthritis will leave you.

**123** The man sitting right back here behind ... two or three behind him there, got prostate trouble. Mister, you was praying that ... something struck you when I said, "arthritis." That meant something ... struck you. If that is right, raise up your hand---man, kind of bald-headed, wearing glasses. That's exactly right. You believe me to be his prophet? Then I pronounce you healed in the name of Jesus Christ. The man right behind him got a lot of faith just then. Right. I don't know you, sir, but you're suffering with nervousness and complications. If that's right, raise up your hand. Receive your healing. Jesus Christ makes you well. Have faith. Don't doubt. Nervous, anemia, high blood pressure, that's right. Is that right, lady? Raise your hand. Do you accept your healing? All right. In the name of Jesus Christ...

**124** What did you raise your hand, back behind there, for. The woman. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe God can tell me what your trouble is? With all your heart you'll accept it? You have a ladies' female trouble, and eczema. If that's right, stand on your feet. Then go home, and be healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Can't you see it's the Lord Jesus? I challenge any of you to believe that. Them people out there with no prayer cards, or nothing else, just believe Him. Do you believe me to be his prophet? If God will reveal to me the things in your heart... ? You see, it's just about got me, so I can't stay here much longer. Don't ... please... Look at me. As I said... Like Peter and John passed through the gate called "Beautiful" said, "Look on us."

```
Acts 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

```
**125** You suffer with your eyes. You want prayed for. 'Course you say you got on glasses. Not only that, but you suffer with your ears. You got trouble up in your nose that you can't see. If that's right, raise your hands. Yes, sir. They don't know what it is, but it's actually fungus---stops up your nose up there. That's right. And another thing. You got chest trouble. That's right. You're not from this city. You're not from this country. You are from Michigan. That's right. Your name is Mrs. Swanson. Now go home and be healed in the name of Jesus Christ.

**126** Do you believe, every one of you? Then lay your hands over on one another. Now just keep [unclear words] . Put your hands on one another, ever where you are. Put your hands on each other, in the presence of the Holy Ghost. I just can't see any farther, because all of you've done turned white out there. Looks like there's just a light over every one of you. If I have found grace in your sight, if you believe me---you in the prayer line here, wherever you are---if you believe with all your heart, and I've found grace in your sight... The Holy Spirit is so dense in here tonight, till there is like a light all over, where I can't see people out there no more. It seems to be so anointed, there's only one thing can keep you from being healed. That's your unbelief. You don't need a prayer card, ever where you are. The Holy Spirit has got the whole place illuminated with his power. Wherever you accept it, raise up. Satan, I rebuke you, devil. In the name of Jesus Christ come out of this audience, and leave them.
