---
Date: 1964-02-09
Title: Countdown
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Kern County Fairgrounds in Bakersfield, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 10 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Countdown



**1** Now, we are about thirty minutes, thirty-five minutes late. I won't speak but just a few moments, 'cause we're going to have a prayer line calling up all people who has their prayer cards, to pray for them. That's our promise. But now we're standing in respect to the Word while I read a portion of scripture here, and ask God for a context for my text. We're turning to Hebrews, 11th chapter, if you'd like to follow as we read. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. Let's pray. Lord, bless your Word. Sanctify the instrument that it shall be used for. May the instrumentality be to go together with the Word to bring forth life, and make this Word live again before us. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. You can be seated.

```
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

Hebrews 11:2 For by it the elders obtained a good report.

Hebrews 11:3 Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.

```
**2** Now, just give me your undivided attention just for a few moments, about twenty minutes. I have a little text here. I'd like to call it "Countdown." You know, all the things... Did you hear what the scripture said? The things that are, we see, were made of things that was not, because it was the Word of God, who spoke things into existence. The world that we are sitting upon today, the chairs that we're sitting in, the floor that's beneath us, the dirt, the trees: everything is nothing but the interpretation of the Word of God. When God interprets it, when it happens, that reveals it. "Let there be," and there was. "Let there be," and there was. And we see nature, how it is formed.

```
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

Genesis 1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.

Genesis 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:

Hebrews 11:3 Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.

```
**3** Now, nature has been my Bible. As everyone knows who have been in my audience when I spoke, I'm really almost on the illiterate side, can just barely read. I had a seventh-grade education. I've had a lot of experience. But, in my preaching I have to take my inspiration and type it with something in the ... in nature, so that you can understand what I'm talking about. I can't use words like a smart, educated man does, because I haven't the education to do it with. So therefore, I pick up nature, and type what my inspiration is telling me with nature. I felt awful lonesome that... But one time I ... reading the Bible, was where the prophets of the Old Testament did that.

**4** And then, the greatest of the prophets was John. And we notice, when he was nine years old he was carried into the wilderness by the Spirit, because he had to introduce the Messiah. His father was a priest. Ordinarily, that, he would have followed the trend of his father. But his job was too important to take some ethics of what somebody else thought. He had to get his message from God. So at the age of thirty he came out of the wilderness uneducated, but with a burning zeal in his heart, with a revelation from God, and a vision that he was going to announce the Messiah. He knew it so plainly until he said, "There's one standing among you right now, that you don't know." Think of that! "One standing among you right here, that you don't know. He ... His shoes I'm not worthy to unloose. But He will baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire. His fan is in His hand."

```
Matthew 3:11 I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:

Matthew 3:12 Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.

Mark 1:7 And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.

Mark 1:8 I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.

Luke 1:80 And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.

John 1:26 John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;

John 1:27 He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.

```
**5** And did you notice his manner of speech? Now, he said to the Pharisees when he come out... He knew being a prophet, he knowed what was in their hearts. And he said, "You generation of vipers," meaning snakes, see. They ... he knew that... Now some other man might have said, "You (something else)," you know, used some good high grammar---"You insignificant piece of inconvenience," or whatever you might want to call it. That might be wrong. I just picked that up, see. So it might have been some other words that he could have used. But you see, his inspiration, he knowed that a snake was little, and low-down, and sneaking. So he said, "You generation of snakes! Who's warned you to flee from the wrath that's to come? Don't begin to say within yourselves that we belong to this or that. For I say unto you that God's able of these rocks [stones---what he seen in the wilderness and on the banks] to raise up children unto Abraham. Also the axe is laid at the root of the tree [what he'd seen] ." Every tree, like in the wilderness, is to bring forth fruit. That's what he'd use for firewood, see, and laid at the root of the tree. And if it don't bring forth good fruit it's hewed down, and cast into the fire. See, his inspiration followed nature. And if you'd watch nature real close, you won't get too far from the Word. Because God is in nature. I think the last time I was down here on the West Coast I preached on the four ways of seeing God---God in His Son, God in His Word, God in nature and so forth.

```
Matthew 3:7 But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?

Matthew 3:9 And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

Matthew 3:10 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

Luke 3:7 Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?

Luke 3:8 Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

Luke 3:9 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

```
**6** Now, if we notice everything that God made in nature, being I'm going to speak that way, on natural things typing spiritual things, it ... because it was made of things which does not appear. It was the Word. Now we take, for instance, like... Here a few months ago, I was asked to preach a sermon, a funeral sermon, for a dear old friend of mine. Many have read my book. And you remember where I... A boy that was a ... belonged to some of the Boy Scouts, or something, and he ... I asked him to save him my ... save me his old scou... or scout suit when he wore it out? Well, he saved me one legging---you remember it, in the book---and I put it on? Lloyd Ford. His mother died recently, about eighty-five years old, very precious friend of mine. And Lloyd, being single yet, he stayed with his mother. He came to me, said, "Brother Bill?" That's how he knew me. I called him Lloyd, he called me Bill. And I said, "What do you want, Brother Lloyd?" And he said, "Will you ... will you preach Mother's funeral?" And I said, "I'd be glad to do it. Would be like my own mother though," I said, "she's cooked me so many meals and things, and been so sweet to me." He said, "I want you to say those last words over her, Brother Branham." I said, "What would you ... what would you want me to say, Lloyd?" He said, "One thing I want you to do. Just assure my people, assure us of her resurrection."

**7** So I took the text from something over in Job, of how that Job was watching nature. And I said, "In my ... death of my own mother, my own mother that just died about two years ago..." My young sister had just been saved a little while, and she called me up when she knew Mother was going. And she said, "Bill, what can I do?" Said, "I just can't stand it no longer, standing there looking upon my mother." I said, "It's the sweetest sight I ever seen." She said, "How can you say that? Your mother..." "Oh," I said, "she's ready to go, and wanting to go. She's old and she's ready to pass from this life." I said to her, "Mother, does Jesus still mean to you what He did the day you got the Holy Ghost?" She'd say, "Yes." When, and I ... when she couldn't do it no more, I said, "Smile."

**8** When she got so low she couldn't smile or speak, I said, "Mother, you're dying." She was in my arm. I said, "Mother, if Jesus Christ still means the same to you, and this is sweeter, even sweeter, than He was when you received the Holy Ghost... "I am your preacher son. I've got to meet the public. Does Jesus mean something to you while you're dying? If it did ... if you can't speak..." She couldn't speak. I said, "Can't you speak, Mother?" She couldn't move. I said, "Bat your eyes, real fast." And she started batting her eyes real fast, and the water running down her cheeks, when she couldn't even speak no more. But her senses in her sensed the presence of Jesus Christ. And in a few minutes a wind come sweeping through the room, and Mother went out with it to meet God.

**9** Now, this woman, when she died, I said, "Is there hope in the resurrection?" I said, "Everything... I've been privileged of speaking practically to every nation under heaven. I've seen all kinds of gods, and all kinds of religions. But there's none of it true but Christianity. It's the only one. Even nature itself, it speaks for Christianity---God, the Creator. Look, there is life, death, burial, resurrection. Resurrection---you can't go outside without seeing it. Watch the leaves come on in the spring. Watch them get to their youth, in their old ... in their middle age, and then their old age, and the veins in the leaves packing the life. A few minutes you find out, it isn't long, before any frost falls, or anything, them leaves drop off. And what happens? The life that's in that tree, that sap goes down into the roots. If it didn't, the winter cold would kill the tree, kill the life. 'Cause it can't stay up; it's got to go down and bury itself. But in the spring of year, here it comes back with a new leaf again. It's testifying there is a life, a death, a burial, a resurrection. Everything types it. We just can't get from it.

**10** Watch the sun, when it rises of a morning, the sun that lights the skies. It's a little baby rocked in its mother's arms when it's weak, not very much light, not very strong. Then about eight o'clock it starts off to school. At eleven-thirty she's graduated, and it's out of high-school, and out of college. And then she's in her strength from about twelve till about two. Then she begins to get weak, weaker, weaker, weaker, and finally she's real weak, like an old man or woman---goes down. Is that the end of it? She comes back the next morning to testify there is a resurrection, and a life beyond death.

**11** Everything testifies. All nature testifies. The Word testifies to it. The very spirit itself that's in our heart testifies to it, something within us calling out that there is a resurrection of the dead. So you see, to say... If everything serves God's purpose, it's got a resurrection; but it can only rise if it serves God's purpose. If a flower lives and is not germitized, it will not rise again. If you plant corn and it is not germitized, it will not rise again. Anything that doesn't serve God's purpose has no resurrection. But you can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose. It comes forth again, to testify of a resurrection. We know that all these things are right. They're testimonies to us to encourage us. Each day everywhere you look, you see God.

**12** There is a natural body of people; there is a spiritual body of people. There is a natural bride. I've had the privilege of marrying fine young couples. I never think of it unless I kind of turn them around, a little superstition, and I face with my back to the east, and them looking to the east. And as I look at them, I think of their hearts beating as one---Christ and His bride. There is a natural bride. And being that there is a natural bride, it's only a testimony there is a spiritual bride. There is a spiritual bride because there is a natural bride.

**13** All these natural happenings, now, they forerun spiritual happenings. Each happening accompanies the other happening, only it improves it. You say, "What's like that?" Well, something like a spiritual life when it comes into the natural life, it improves the natural life. It makes you in a better condition than you was in the natural life. When the leaf is getting old and dies, when it comes back with the life again in the resurrection to testify at another year, it comes back in a better condition than it did when it went down, see? Everything testifies of these things.

**14** Now let's take for instance, the achievement that man has been able to do on earth. In all of these natural achievements, now (I want your undivided attention, now), the ... all the natural achievements that's happened in the earth has been forerunners of spiritual achievements, that God has done by His church. All the natural things are types of the spiritual things. Now you say, "How is that?" Let's take for one, transportation. First, the transportation was by horse; the next, it was by automobile. Then, science builds an airplane. And, but you see, it is a... First was one horsepower, the car was maybe twenty horsepower, the airplane goes up to hundreds of horsepower. See what it is? It's just, as we come on with the horse, then an automobile was made, then the next thing was an airplane. We just keep achieving on, higher and higher, going greater and greater. This is the achievement of science. This is a forerunner of the spiritual things that's happened---of God, by His Spirit, has been in His promised Word.

**15** The natural man, by the knowledge, looks backward for his achievement (that's science, see), to what God has done in a former creation. They go out and pick up clods, and get pieces of rocks, and fossils, and elements, and ties them together, see. On that achievement they are taking what God has done, and perverting it from its original estate; and making his living quarters and so forth, and his economy, a little better by what has been created. That's in the natural achievement by man. But God in the spiritual achievement is going forward---not going backward, he's going forward---looking into the Word and believing the promises for things that never has come yet, for the spiritual revelations to manifest the spiritual things that God has promised. He sees them come to pass. Just as the scientist in his laboratory are working on different things to help man take in creation, the spiritual man is looking forward to something that God promised that has never yet been created. The natural man looks backward; the spiritual man looks forward. That's the way they've got that in the church. The natural church member looks back to what Finney, Sankey, Knox, Calvin... That was all right. But that was their day. We're looking forward for something else: a promise that's greater, and higher, and what God has promised. Science goes back to pick it up; we go forward in the Word of the Lord, to find what God has achieved.

**16** In these two things, one foreruns the other, as types. Now, as science has been able to achieve more horsepower (as he did by taking the power and making greater instruments, and autos and airplanes), God has achieved from this same manner, as each one of those types... Now watch. Way back in the days of Luther, their power was horsepower. And then God, by getting Luther in His hands, controlled, out of a great organization or a system, he lets the man see that the just shall live by faith. And when he was able to achieve justification, and preach it, the church come to life. It come to life, and it began to move just a little bit, back under the days of the horsepower, when horsepower was about ready to fade out---the carriage, and horse and buggy. Now, he achieved justification; and through that, then, the church received life, by believing on Jesus Christ, not taking some... You say, "I believe the church, I believe this..."

```
Habakkuk 2:4 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.

Romans 1:17 For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

Galatians 3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

Hebrews 10:38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.

```
**17** To believe Him is life, justified by faith. Luther preached it. That was typed by the horse and buggy days. Then He got a man in England, by the name of John Wesley under His control, to take out all the "isms" away from him. And He was able by John Wesley to bring into the church sanctification. Sanctification raised the church to its feet, and got it able to walk. Now at the end of Wesley's age was the automobile. We realize that when the ... (end of the Wesley church, I mean, not...) See, every reformer comes at the end of the age. Now we find out that Wesley, in last of his church age (it come in just before the Pentecostals), why, we see that the church got strength enough through sanctification to walk away from the things of the world. Sanctify means to separate for the glory of God. It's too bad it lost that. But it got strength enough. Luther give it life back in the horse and buggy days. Wesley got it on its feet to walking, sanctification, separating from the things of the world. Through that come the little branches off, like the Pilgrim Holiness, and Nazarenes, and whatevermore come from that, through sanctification.

```
Habakkuk 2:4 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.

John 3:15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.

Romans 1:17 For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

Galatians 3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

Hebrews 10:38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.

```
**18** But remember, they couldn't stay still. The pillar of fire moved out, and they come to Azusa Street, here in California. And then, what did it do? It represented the airplane days, from the automobile, when they... God was able by the Wright brothers to (or the man was) to achieve an airplane that could fly. Immediately forerunning that, the Azusa Street Pentecost fell, and man took to the air into the supernatural, to the unknown. He spoke with unknown tongues. He done unknown things that was foreign to the church, because he'd took off from the ground, he'd left the air ... into the air. What did it? Immediately after the airplanes come on, he took to the air. God showed by the airplanes that His church was arising. He shows by the natural things what's happening in the spiritual. They always follow, just like the wise men following the star to find Christ, after following it for two years.

**19** Now notice. All those things are achievements that man has achieved, only are types and shadows of what God is a-doing. He always does it that way. He's told us the signs that would be in the skies, the things that would be happening just before the coming of Christ. We see that now. It's only a pointing post. And we see science, how they have achieved; and how God has achieved by His church. Does a man ride in an airplane? He don't want no horse and buggy no more, unless he's just wanting a little fun. But the horse and buggy... Remember, what is the power in the airplane? Just more horses added, that's all.

```
Matthew 24:29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:

Mark 13:24 But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,

Mark 13:25 And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken.

Luke 21:25 And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;

```
**20** And so, when John Wesley found sanctification---a set-aside work from justification---he never condemned justification. He only added more power to it. And when the Pentecostals found the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the restoration of the gifts, they never denied sanctification or justification. They just got more power! Praise God! He went up because he found more power. See all those things foreshadowing as they come up? If we had time we could really stay on that, but we haven't. But he raised up a... Science achieved something looking backward. God achieves going this a-way, going forward to the kingdom.

**21** Now we find from Azusa Street, the planes took off, then great revivals, and swept the world to the unknown, into heavenly places, speaking unknown tongues, and unknown gifts to the world. Why, they thought they were fanatic. But they had been able. God's got a group of people in His hands. He's got a little cross-eyed Negro man down here in Azusa Street, that had no more sense than to believe what God said was the truth. That's right! See, when science has got to get a lot of sense in a man's head, of wisdom, of knowledge, to go back and find these things; God's got to get what he's got in him out of him, so He can use him. One's going this way; and one's going that way. One's going down; the other's going up.

**22** Now she left these intellectual churches grounded, when the Pentecostal took off with speaking in tongues and great gifts of healing. They healed the sick. They done great things. They done it. There's no doubt but what they done it. It's a proof that they done it. Sure it is. And they left this intellectual church sitting on the ground. No matter they say, "Well, you can't..." They did it, anyhow. What do you... Like the little boy in jail for shooting a gunboat. Somebody come in, said ... the little boy come in to visit him said, "Oh, they can't put you in jail for that." He said, "They can't?" He was already there. And that's where they say that the Holy Ghost was for another age. That's what they think. It's here! We know it! We've been flying in the air for the last forty, fifty years with it, seeing things that the intellectual people knows nothing about. Only thing they can do is sit down, and say ... just make fun of it.

**23** Like a little calf, one time, come out of its stall. They said he was just fat and round, he was kicking up his heels. And he had a very fine farmer (fed him good), and he was all round and full of vitamins. And there was another old lazy farmer over there, that had a little calf also born in the barn that winter, when the little fellow had to eat nothing but weeds. And when he come out he was so poor he couldn't hardly move. And every time the wind would blow, it would shove him sideways. He seen this little old fat calf, just kicking up his heels, and having a great time. You know, he looked through the crack in the fence and said, "Such fanaticism." He was all full of vitamins! No wonder he could kick up his heels. And when a man is filled with the Holy Ghost, there's something in him that's full of God's spiritual vitamins! Makes him praise God, shout, and act different. Because why? He's no longer earth-bound. He's in the heavens, sailing around in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. He left them earth-bound with their bicycles, and automobiles. And they went to the air. Yes, sir! Practically taking them out of ... out-of-date. They healed the sick, they spoke in unknown languages, and done many things.

**24** But now, friends, may I say this? It has come to the age of astronauts. We've moved out of the airplane age. We've got more power now. The astronaut age has come in. What is it? Not a... We've come into a spiritual age of astronauts, see. Going above ... it's not... It's the same Spirit, only more power, only lifted higher, can go higher---see more, believe more, be more like Christ. Not the automobile, not the horse and buggy, not even the airplane, but the astronaut. He sweeps on and above each one. It's called the eagle age in the Bible. God calls His prophets eagle age. We realize over in the Bible, we find in Malachi 4 that we're promised that in the last days. Now, He likens His prophets to eagles. He calls Himself eagle. He's the great Jehovah-eagle. He's able to achieve to Himself a bride. He's going to, in the last days, be able to get a bride that with a ministry that's so exactly that, like a man and his wife becomes one... And when Jehovah gets His people like Him, then He lives in His people. They are one. It fulfills the Scripture, exactly what He said in St. John 14:12: "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he also." Also fulfills what Jesus said would take place: "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man."

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**25** Now is the astronaut age. And the astronaut sees thing that the horse-rider, automobile or airplane neither, see. He goes higher. Airplane still down here, bouncing around in the clouds, and having blow-outs, and nip downs and everything else. But he goes beyond the clouds of creeds, and denominations. Moves on up into the heavens, on away from everything. The astronaut age---we are living in the astronaut age. Just as sure as God has testified by the natural happenings there, so is He testifying now that if we've achieved an astronaut, God has achieved what He promised He'd achieve in the last days according to Malachi 4. Only thing He has to do is get somebody in His hands that can cut loose from the airplanes, and automobiles, and whatmore---not look back to what it was---but more power to lift him higher, lift him into the presence of God, lift him up there where all things are possible. Now we see it's happening. No doubt to ...

**26** so does a spiritual astronaut. As the natural astronaut goes on above the planes (the planes always wrecking up, and fussing in the clouds, and everything like that), there can be nothing greater, no more achievement than the astronaut. Only thing is, he just keeps putting more power. He'll go anywhere he wants to, see, because he's done gone into space. Airplanes are still down wrecking, fussing, grounded, and everything like that. But the astronaut don't have to be grounded. He goes on above the clouds. He goes on above, on above the creed, on above the denomination, on above those that say, "It isn't so. It isn't so." He's got a guide: the Holy Spirit. The Word tells him so. And he moves on.

**27** How does the science make an astronaut? He takes what power they got, just keep breaking something into it, and make it go farther, go without air, and so forth. It keeps... I don't know the chemicals of it, I'm not a mechanic. But whatever it is, he keeps making it go higher and higher. He keeps improving it all the time. So now he can go beyond any reasoning. So does God's astronaut go beyond all church creed, all boundaries, all these things says, "The days of miracles is past. There is no such a thing." How does the astronaut find it? He figured it out on paper. It come off of paper, what he figured out. The same thing, that any man can sit down and read the Word of God, and see what's promised. "Search the scriptures. In them you think you have eternal life," said Jesus, "and they testify of me." That earth-bound bunch they had back there in them days didn't know what He was.

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**28** Ministry, what does it? The astronaut sees things, that the planes and everything's out-of-date. So does the spiritual astronaut. Goes beyond the clouds, and beyond creeds, and beyond doubt, out into outer space, outer space of all unbelief, outer space where he don't hear the chatter. Say, "Well, you can't do it. Nobody will cooperate with you. You can't do this. You can't do that." He doesn't notice it. He's an astronaut. He goes on beyond those clouds. "It's too stormy. We can't make it." It don't make any difference to an astronaut, he goes beyond the storm, see. That's the way it is to a real astronaut faith, today. They say "Well, the doctor said so-and-so." That might be all right. But an astronaut don't believe that. When it's wrote here, he's got it in his heart---something tells him. He just propels right on out. That's all. Goes right on out into the space, because we're living in an astronaut age. Yes, sir! Out in space, where all things are possible to them that believe. He has a guide---which is His Word that tells him how to go---the Word of God.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**29** Natural astronaut is ... has something to control him. When the astronaut is in the air he has something backwards here, back down here on the earth that controls him. It's called radar. That radar moves him around, tells where he's at, tells what he's doing. And that radar controls him from a radar tower, here on earth. That's the natural astronaut. So the spiritual, now, astronaut has a control tower, has a control tower, too. It's not down here like man is. It's up there. And it's the Holy Ghost that's in him, that's controlling him. A tower of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's under control, keeps him in control by the Word. Not in a bunch of fanaticism, some whooped-up nonsense; but "thus saith the Lord," and it happens. It's always under control. He's got a control tower that's the Holy Ghost. And the Word is His program. And he lays right into that program. And the power of the Holy Ghost endows him to move out. And it brings the achievement that God wants to be achieved for His people, that it might fulfill what He promised.

**30** Jesus did not heal the people because He had to do it. He fulfilled the Scripture. He healed because it was written He would do it. He don't have to show these signs today. He don't have to have a ministry of such-and-such. But He promised He'd do it. He does it to fulfill His promise. Brother, sister, men, women---can't you see that? Can't you see the type of the spiritual and the natural?

**31** These great achievements has brought the time clock of science, and it broke into such a place until they say now (it's only on the clock of science), they say it's three minutes till midnight. They are at the end. They've found the thing that will destroy them. They've found everything... An astronaut can get in the air, and go over with atomic powers, and sit up there and say, "Surrender, or be blowed up!" Three minutes until midnight! They have worked on what God has done. They've been able to pervert. Instead of trying to make life, they're always trying to find something to kill somebody, something that will outdo the next thing, beat the next nation, beat the next place. That's what they're trying to do. But man looks on, calling man his brother, trying to lead him to a home where he won't have to die. One is in death, the other is in life. But these in death only represent life. The leaf, when it falls off a tree and dies, only means it's coming back again, 'cause it has been.

**32** The clock ticks upon the achievement of science, today, at three minutes till midnight. On God's great clock it ticks, "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever." We have arrived! "The works that I do shall you do also. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever!" When the scientific clock says three minutes to destruction, God's clock says, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." He's on the earth in the power of the Holy Ghost, to make His Word live, and do for His church just exactly what He promised it would do---filling His astronauts, getting them all fueled up and ready.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**33** So, they got in their great, big, scientific tube here not long ago, astronaut tube, and are taking the countdown, now headed for the moon. (You're getting off a-here, too.) They got a astronaut in a big tube powered by atomic power, that they can send it plumb to the moon, they claim. They got in their tube, and are waiting for the countdown. The spiritual astronaut got in Christ, and is listening to the countdown of the Word. Amen! Now you Lutherans ought to shout, you Baptists, and Presbyterians! Watch the countdown of the Word! Oh, my, countdown of the Word! And they're headed for heaven, not to the moon. They'll pass the moon so fast, they won't even see it. Oh, my! Waiting for the countdown, yes, sir! Waiting for the countdown is right. What are they doing? They're wrapped in Christ, in rapturing grace. Nothing they did themselves. Christ took the uneducated, the foolish things of the world, wrapped His astronauts in it, and then powered them with the Holy Ghost to take off. This world's going to be left alone. That's right! Taking off!

**34** Notice. The natural man even counts backward. I said he did things backward. He counts backward. Watch his count. "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero." See? He goes back and starts counting, see. He's all... Ten's a bad number. That's right, to start with, ten, it's a bad number. You had ten tribes of Israel, and them is all carnal. And he had to take Joseph's two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh (the prophet's children), and bless them. And when he did, his hands crossed. And he said, "Father, not so. You put your hands on Ephraim. It should be on Manasseh." Said, "God crossed my hands," from the ... taking it from the older son (the law), and putting it up over on Christ. And through that come through the cross, came the change of the birthright, amen, to the younger son. Oh, my! How wonderful! If we had time to go into that... We'll some other time. All right.

```
Genesis 48:14 And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn.

Genesis 48:18 And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head.

Genesis 48:19 And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.

```
**35** Now ten is a bad number. But man always counts backwards, starts at ten---ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero. What does God do? He starts at His number, seven. That's God's number. Watch Him, seven. Or He counts ahead, starting with one. He starts with His first church age. That's what His symbols was on earth---there's seven church ages. He made the world in seven days; the seventh day He rested. That's His last number. In His creation He rested. Notice, he counts straight ahead, not backwards. He goes forward. He starts from His first church age, which begin at A.D. 33. And He started the countdown. He counted His church ages. That was the birth of the church, on the day of Pentecost. What did He start counting? He starts counting the church ages. First one was Ephesus, number one; two, Smyrna; three, Pergamos; four, Thyatira; five, Sardis; six, Philadelphia; seven, Laodicea. It's later than you think. It's later than you think! The counting's over. The next thing is zero! Let's go. Everything's ready. The counting's over!

**36** When John Glenn, our astronaut, got into that big tube to take off, the nation stood speechless. They didn't know, that morning that he took off. When he did, he got in the tube. And everybody was crying, and waving, and watching what was going to happen. The nation stood spellbound. You seen the ... all the televisions blaring, and everything, so everybody could see it. Their natural eye couldn't see it. Because they put it on television, you remember it. Then, when he got placed up in the tube just right, and when he did, they started, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero." Off he went. What happened? When the big lever pulled, the atomics begin to catch fire, begin to break fire, begin to fly, smoke begin to roll, and the great big tube took off for the air, into the unknown, out there somewhere. He took off in the man's achievement, the greatest he's ever had. Well, let me tell you, that's just a very small thing.

**37** One of these mornings, God's achievement of His astronauts that's climbed into Jesus Christ, been born in there by the Holy Ghost, filled with His power... One of these mornings a whole universe will be screaming, and wailing, and gnashing of teeth, when they see they missed it. When the great eagle powered by the Holy Ghost and fire begins to spread her wings, the astronauts will take off into the sky, to go to meet the bridegroom. When the bride takes off in the astronaut power of God Almighty, who sent Jesus Christ to the earth in the form of the Holy Ghost, has brought the church through these achievements until now she's getting resurrected power in her---the power beyond the things of the world---seeing Him; and out here in the church making Himself the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes, sir! The countdown's even over. Every church age is done past. We're ending on the Laodicea.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**38** Get in, my brother, sister, get pressurized. The pressure won't hurt you, when you get on the inside and get pressurized. Get in Christ, and you won't care what the world says. They can't never hit you, anyhow. You're safe. You're tucked in. Jesus Christ is our great ... a glorious astronaut tube that we'll be in, that'll be propelled by the Holy Ghost in power and fire. When she begins to fly one of these mornings, the Holy Ghost fire'll hit the earth like that. And when it do, the church will be lifted up. And all the nations will stand. They won't need television. They'll see Him. Every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess, as she propels away in yonder, into the glorious realms of heaven, to be married to her bridegroom. God help us to live for that day. Let us bow our heads.

```
Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

Philippians 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

```
**39** Are you driving a horse and buggy today? Are you riding a bicycle? Are you a automobile, or have you got up into the clouds with the planes? If you have, I've got something to tell you. There's an astronaut age on now. Why don't you come get into the astronaut? Oh, I know it sounds scary. The first man ever got into a airplane like to scared him to death. First one that had an automobile, you know what it done. But now, it's a common thing. Oh, brother, sister, Jesus Christ is here, the great astronaut tube that we're to be in. Cloud over us won't mean one thing. He'll break every cloud of doubt, everything of unbelief, and sweep out yonder into the space. If you haven't got into Him yet, you have an opportunity this afternoon. Would you raise your hands and say, "Pray for me, Brother Branham, that I can walk into that place where I can see every word that God promised? I can see and feel a pulsating power of God within me, that I know that my ... this world, and things is gone from me." God bless you. Just look at the hands. My, oh, my! All everywhere.

**40** Our heavenly Father, you see their hands. I'm only responsible for preaching the Word. You, they are yours. I give them to You. They are yours. Let the Holy Spirit now... And may they see that these achievements... They see it in the natural. Then if we look back, we see it in the spiritual. You're here, Lord. You promised just before the end-time comes, that as it was in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah, and we'd look back and see those days... Look then and see where two ministers---outstanding, angelic, anointed men---went down in Sodom, and preached in the days of Abraham, calling out Lot. Then there was one stayed with Abraham, and that was the one who done a sign to Abraham. The others in Sodom did their sign. And Father, so many things could be said right here. Maybe the church wouldn't understand. But I pray that You'll give them such a crave for it, Lord, that they'll come and see we're at the end-time, the astronaut age. I pray, Father, that they'll realize it isn't trying to condemn what they had, it's only trying to give them more rapturing grace. For the hour will come when we'll have to have rapture-power, not only to heal the body but to change it in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Christ will be so real into their bodies, till He can change it, by His great death and what He purchased. May they take this today, that token that I spoke of last night, hold it before them and walk into this astronaut---grant it, Father---where visions, powers, and worlds beyond, known and, O, God, where all the great mysteries of God is unfolded in those seven seals, and made known to man. Grant it, Father. They're yours, now. I realize that altar calls is what we do. But, Lord, you said as many as believed. I pray that You'll give them faith to believe. They're in your hands, Lord. And if I never see, and they never see me no more until we meet at your side, we'll know then as we are known. I pray that You'll help them. And may we all be there, safely carried through, by amazing grace of our great astronaut faith that we have in Jesus Christ, where we're in ... hallowed with Him. Amen.

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

John 3:15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.

```
**41** Now, just one moment, we're going to pray for the sick. God ... we promised to do it. We want to do it. And now, I want to say this, that through the week... Now, we're just about fifteen, twenty minutes now---I cut a little bit off, so I got about fifteen, twenty minutes yet, so we can do this. Now the first thing is, these things that we're talking about, are they so? Are they not? We know the Bible promised it, but is He here? God is here to do what we ... what He promised that He would do. God is here, see. We've gone beyond speaking with tongues. That's all right, see. We've gone beyond these little things that, see... We're into a place now where we got to have astronaut faith. That's astronaut power to realize that we're in Christ already, just more of Christ, see, to lift us up into heavenly places.

**42** The old method of praying, laying hands on the sick, that's good. That was Luther's day, friend, back in the automobile, or so forth. We're beyond that now. Remember, Jesus come to the Jews, in the old days? Jairus said ... Jairus said, "Come and lay your hands upon my daughter and she'll live." But the Roman said, "I'm not worthy that You come. Just speak the word," see. He recognized the power of Christ, that He was over all things. Now if Christ is over all things, He's got to keep His Word. He's king. He's God. He must keep His Word. "The works that I do shall you also." Now as far as healing somebody, nobody can do it because it's already done. It's already done. It's just the recognition of it, see, the recognition that He is in our presence. Do you believe that? Now pray for a few minutes, say, "God be merciful."

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**43** Heavenly Father, that the people might know (there might be strangers here), that they might know that this, that I speak of, is true, I'm just... In my poor humble way, Lord, I try to present the gospel the best that I know how. Lord, may the people overlook my grammar, and just realize what I'm trying to say. I pray that You'll confirm this, and make it real for the glory of God, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**44** Now friends, there's probably two or three hundred prayer cards here. It would be hard for me to ever take them up here one by one. After you got about four or five of that discernment, I'd be laying on the floor, perhaps, laying here so weak I wouldn't even know. A vision... When you see a vision, it's got to be interpreted too, you know, many times. It just isn't just exactly ... it's just got... Now you do that yourself. Your own faith is... The woman's faith touched the Lord Jesus. And she believed that He was ... He was God's son. And it drawed the power from Him to her, give her her desires. And he turned around and told her her condition had been healed. See, "Thy faith has saved thee." Now there's scholars sitting here I know. That word is "sozo": "Thy word has saved thee. Thy faith has saved thee." Just like your faith saves you from sin, your faith saves you physically, see, from sickness. Now, you must believe it.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**45** Now I'm asking you all to be real quiet and real reverent for a few minutes, and may the Holy Spirit... Now just, at least two or three people in this audience is all I ask for, that you might see that it just isn't spontaneous, and whatevermore. The Holy Spirit is here to manifest itself. Now somebody in the audience... I don't know one person, outside of my beloved Sister Upshaw sitting here, that I can see in the audience at this time that I know. She's the only one. And now, I can't... It's just like your conscious, see, your subconscious is where you dream. I had a physical examination here a couple or three years ago, by time-wave, brain-wave, you know. And my doctors come out, they said, "Hey, you're a funny guy." I said, "What's the matter?" Said, "You know what?" Said, "You could dream when you're wide awake." I said, "What?" Said, "You could dream when you're wide awake." I said... Said, "Here's your first conscious." Said, "it's controlled by your six senses, see, taste, feel, smell, and smell. Your first conscious is only active as long as you're in the six senses. So here is your subconscious." Said, "When these are inactive, then you go to your subconscious. When these are inactive, you're asleep, and you go over here and dream a dream. Some part of you goes over there. Then when you come back, over here," said, "then you remember what you dreamed, when you was out of your senses---the feel, taste, see, smell, and hear, see. And said, "That's all here...

**46** " Said, "We never seen it before, but both of yours are laying right here together." Said, "Both your timing waves and subconscious and your other conscious," said, "I never heard of it before in my life." Said, "Man, you could dream a dream standing up, and wide awake." I said, "Well, doctor, did you ever hear of a vision? Said, "No, I don't believe I ever did." I said, "Are you a believer?" He said, "I'm Presbyterian, Brother Branham, but" said, "that's all." Said, "The pastor's got some people down there every Thursday night." Said, "All I hear is Presbyterian, Presbyterian, Presbyterian." Said, "I don't even go down." I said, "Did you ever read the Bible?" He said, "I have." "Did you ever hear what the old prophets of the Old Testament, went off into another dimension and that?" He said, "Is that what you're talking about?" I said, "That's it." I said... He said, "Well, that would be wonderful. Say, Brother Branham, you ought to go..." I said, "I've already have been interviewed by Mayo, see." And I said, "But look, do you ever dream a dream, doctor?" He said, "Oh, sure." I said, "Dream me a dream, then. Just go to sleep and dream me a dream. Tell me what to do. You couldn't do it. But ever who controls you could give you a dream of me, and then you could wake up and tell it. I can't do it, either. I can't say what and where." It's got to be Him that does it, and your faith in Him confirms this Word. Just as that woman, no matter what anybody said, she believed that she could touch His garment, it would be ... it would happen. Now, He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Now that's the only thing that you...

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**47** See, when you see impersonations and so forth, friend, it kind of makes you a little upset, but just go on anyhow. It'll be all right, see. Now look. You've got to be born for that. You're born, and all natural gifts come to you. Gifts and callings are even without repentance. Like a man... Like ... I was talking to Paul Cain a while ago about ... like Ernie Ford and Red Foley, and Elvis Presley, those fellows with them big talents of singing, and using it for the world. God gave them them talents, and see what they are doing with them? Like Judas Iscariot getting thirty pieces of silver out of it, to the one who gave it to him. They ought to be using it for the kingdom of God. And when you mix it, I think they shouldn't be allowed to sing a hymn. That belongs in the church and with the people---not out there to make more hypocrisy. Going to South Africa... They say, "Why, Elvis Presley is a very religious boy. He sings hymns." (Huh, huh) That doesn't mean nothing. To me it's another Judas---all them people that takes them gifts of God and perverts them. Even to a minister that will take it, and pervert it to a creed instead of the Word of God; and use his influence to influence by creed, and not the Word of God. It's a secondary Judas. I don't ... I oughtn't to have said that. If I hurt you, forgive me. I'm not supposed to say them things. All right. Here's one thing, I can say what He tells me. You pray.

**48** Now, Lord, one word from You will mean more than I can say in a lifetime. I'm believing You promised it. I'm yours. Let them see that your Spirit is here. Then when they come up to this prayer line to be prayed for, they'll understand. A prayer of faith shall save the sick. I pray that they'll see that it isn't your servant, it's You. I ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**49** Just sit quietly just a minute. I can't make this... You say, "Brother Branham, what?" I can't tell you. I only can as He shows me. Jesus said, "I do nothing till the Father shows Me first. What I see the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Here, if you got your heads up, looky here. See sitting right here at the end of the row, that little lady? She's suffering with a female trouble, lady's trouble. That's right, young lady, that's right---drainage and everything. Is that right? Raise up your hand. You're a total stranger. Little lady, there's a light right over ... sits right at the end of the row, there at the little lady---a young woman with hair. I see her at the back. If you'll believe, right now... Now, you know something's happened right then. Just all at once, something went through you, wasn't it? That was your healing, see? That was when it relieved, and so forth. Your faith saved you.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:25 And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**50** Isn't that the same thing our Lord did by...? She had a blood issue, that woman. She touched His garment and turned around. He felt it, and He looked. He said, "It's your blood issue," she felt stopped. There's exactly the same thing Jesus Christ did. What is it? It's Him. Now I know you've seen everything, but I'm only responsible for this. God's only responsible to His Word. Here, that you might know, sitting right behind her is a lady sitting there with epilepsy, has epilepsy spells. If you believe God'll take the epilepsy away from you, lady, He'll do it if you'll believe it. Have faith, don't doubt. See what I mean? Now, somebody over in this section, over here somewhere... so that you'll see, see? What it is, you're looking.

**51** Let me say this one thing, before I go now to kind of rest myself. See, that, it gets you. That takes more strength than what I preached. Certainly, see, that's you, using God's gift. If God'd give the gift, or give the vision automatically, like Jesus saw Lazarus dying and went away from home and waited, then told them what would happen, and went back and did it... He never said He got weak. But that one little woman... That was a woman using God's gift. It's you. God's gift... When He operates it, it doesn't do it. But when you operate it, that's when God's got you in His hands; and say, "This will be this way, and here, and here, and here. This is the way it'll be." That's the way it is. Don't bother you. But when them persons reach in and pull that, that's what does it. That's what does it.

```
John 11:6 When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was.

```
**52** The people today, the Laodicea church age, the last countdown... Did you see the other night, just before the pope of Rome made his first visit in all history to Jerusalem? There never has been a pope in Jerusalem (since) before, see. He went from Rome to Jerusalem. The church ... the moon represents the church, reflecting the light of the sun in its absence. God does the signs in the heavens, before He declares it on earth. Did you notice? The moon went to a complete black-out. Jerusalem is the oldest church in the world, see. And when this ecumenical council, and these things that

**53** man... I hope, if you're here, this really goes through you. When you're joining yourself, don't you know you're taking the mark of the beast, my friend? "Oh," you say, "if I see it happening..." It's too late, then. You've done done it. It's too late at that time. Remember, they'd come to buy oil, but they couldn't do it. Did you notice, what happened? What made that moon black out? The world got in the way of it. So has the world got in the light of the scripture amongst the Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostals, and all of us. That's what's the black-out's for.

**54** And did you notice the Laodicea church age, also, was the only church age that Jesus was on the outside trying to get in? Did you notice He never said, "Let them alone." Jesus is the Word, is that right? The manifested Word. Now He---listen---He was not... See, walked away and left them, but was trying to get some cooperation somewhere. "He that will open the door, I'll come in and sup with him, and he with Me." But no door, see, just trying to get in---on the outside. They don't reject man; they reject God. You believe that, little lady sitting there with the sunglass on? Yes. You believe that? Had some deep thoughts, right then. Your eyes will be healed, if you'll believe it.

```
Revelation 3:20 Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.

```
**55** Now let me tell you. Someone said, "She's got glasses on, the reason he knew it." No. Looky here, come here. Not come here, just look at me just a minute. You believe me to be His prophet, or His servant? You believe it? You do it? You should have, with them thoughts you were having now---thinking of how mysterious, what a great revelation that was of the moon representing that. Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, how could I know what she was even thinking in her heart? The Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts that's in the heart.

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**56** Now pray for somebody, or do something. Here, here's what pops in your heart, right now. Yes. Here's what's in your heart. You've got two brothers that you're praying for, and they're both alcoholics. If that's right, raise up your hand. Huh. All right, there you are, see? See there... You see, it's sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Don't you see, friends? We've passed speaking in tongues. We're an astronaut age. Here's a man right in front of her, with his head bowed, got thin hair, wearing a white coat, got glasses on. He's got a spiritual problem, that he... John Thomas. Oh, wait a minute. I know that man. Wait a minute. I'm sorry. I know the man. That's right. I believe I met him once, somewhere. I can't think of ... I believe it was in Tucson, here not long ago. I shook their hands at a, in a ... that's right. But you was calling God, right then. You got a great spiritual problem that you don't know how to control. Look, Mr. Thomas, don't worry. It's going to come all right. Now, that you might know that this... You said, well, that he ... he knew the man. Well, that's his wife sitting by him. I didn't know that was Mr. Thomas's problem. He'll witness that. But his wife sitting next to him, there, has a ear trouble that she's suffering with. Is that right? That's right. All right.

**57** Here, take the next lady, the next lady to her. Look this way, lady. Do you believe me to be His servant? Little lady with the red coat on, do you believe me to be His servant? You suffer with a trouble, too. You have headaches all the time. You believe God'll heal them? If you do, raise up your head, your hands, and say "I believe." Now that's all right. All right, if you believe it. Here the little lady with the blue coat on, sitting next to her. Do you believe, sister? Do you believe God can heal heart trouble, make you well? You do? All right, you can have it. Lady sitting next to her, the elderly lady, gray-headed, do you believe God can heal, too---high blood pressure---make you well? All right, you can have your healing.

**58** The lady sitting next to her, you have trouble with your ears also. You believe God heals ear trouble? Then you can have your healing. Lady sitting next to her, do you believe, lady, with all your heart that God heals? Got something you're praying about? You believe with all your heart that God heals? All right, if you believe that with all your heart, your stomach trouble can be well. You can go home, eat your dinner, be well. Mister, you sitting next to her, do you believe that God can heal you also, and make you well? Would you accept it? How many of the rest of you will believe it with all your heart? Sure, He will. Stomach trouble, heart trouble, God heals it all, makes it well. That's right. If you... The man sitting next to her's got back trouble. Do you believe God heals back trouble, sir? You do?

**59** The lady sitting next to you has back trouble, also. Do you believe God heals back trouble, lady? All right, you can have yours. That's right. Oh, only thing we have to do... Lady sitting next to that has got colon trouble. That's right. You believe God will heal your colon trouble, lady? You do? Here, on down the line, look, there's a brain injury sitting there. You believe God heals brain injury? You do? You can have it. The one sitting next to you has epileptic fits. You believe God heals epilepsy? One sitting next to you has, he has eye trouble. You believe God heals eye trouble, sir? One sitting next to that, that little boy, he also has epilepsy. Do you believe God heals the epilepsy? This loved one sitting there with him, has trouble with her head. Do you believe that God will heal your head trouble, lady? All right, you can have it. Amen! What is it? The Word of God for this day is sharper than a two-edged sword. Jesus Christ, an astronaut power! Do you believe it?

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**60** What was our first prayer card? A. All the people that's got prayer card A, stand up over this a-way. Now, come quickly. Prayer card A, while the anointing is moving the way it is. Prayer card [end of side one of tape] ... right down here, so I can get down and pray for him down here. I believe it would be better, go down this way, friends. Down this way, so you can make a line. All prayer card A, stand first. They've been holding their cards longer. Let the... Everybody's got a prayer card A, stand up over here. Billy, you go down and see if they're in line. Now prayer card B, let them follow them. All's got prayer card B, follow A. Go around through the other aisle there, if you can, and make your line come around that way. A, B.

**61** If you'll only believe. Just astronaut once! Get away from the automobile and airplane; let's go on into all things are possible. A, B. Now anybody got prayer card C? Join right in behind them. Prayer card C, go back to the back here. Go through this a-way, the middle aisle, and go across and form your line there. Prayer card A, B, C, back this a-way. Now that's right. Form your line right through that way. That's right. Turn right in this way, so you can be sure to get in a line. Prayer card A, B, C. Let them line first.

**62** Just hold your card in your hand. I'll have some ushers to take your card. I don't know how we're ever going to get them lined up according to numbers. I guess it'll be all right. A, B, C, now D. A, B, C, D. Prayer card D. A, B, C, D. Is there any D's? I guess I done run out. Prayer card A, B, C, D. All right. Anybody's got prayer cards, now, line up. Everybody with prayer cards, get in your section and line up. There's no way for us, at all, to ever be able to do, to keep them all perfectly in line by numbers.

**63** Now, I want to know how many in here's going to be praying with me, while we're praying for these sick? Listen. Do you... Now, look. If you're going to come through over here to be prayed for, you say, "Well, I'll go over and see how it happens," you just might as well get your seat. It isn't going to happen. Now He cannot do one more thing, and will never do one more sign before the people. That's according to the Bible. I want somebody to tell me one more sign that He promised to do, besides what He's done right here. "As it was in the days of Sodom"; in Malachi 4; and them promises that He made---all hooks right into the same thing. There'll not be any more signs given to the church. The next thing you'll see will be a flight into heaven. We'll be taken up.

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

```
**64** Don't miss it, friends. Remember, listen at my voice. It'll haunt you all your life, if you haven't got in. Out yonder, when you're suffering for your punishment, and where weeping, and wailing, and gnashing of teeth ... that voice will scream back and forth. You'll hear it all the time in that weary, spooky place of hell. Don't fail. Now's your opportunity. Now, you know, there's just so many... [Brother Branham speaks to someone on platform.] Now, if these ministers over here... I wouldn't leave this place... Now, look. I said some pretty rough things about airplane, automobile. Remember, they're horsepower, too. All of it's horsepower. The church is just moving up. Holy Ghost time. It's the Holy Ghost that we're justified by. You ministers know that, don't you? The Holy Ghost sanctifies. The Holy Ghost fills us. The Holy Ghost gives us rapturing faith, see, as we move up. Now I wouldn't leave this country here, and you all thinking that you're, "Oh, Brother Branham," something I am not. I ain't even worthy to sit with them pastors. I have no schooling. I'm one out of season. And that's the reason God just let's me do this little thing here, just to confirm what your pastor's been teaching you. They're men of God.

**65** Listen, if you're sick you don't have to wait for Brother Oral Roberts, or Brother Paul Cain, or me, or anybody. Your godly pastor ... his holy, sanctified hands upon you... You know you called him to pray for you. He lays his hands upon you, when you're burning with a fever. First thing you know, in a few days you haven't got that fever, and you're well. What is it? It's your pastor's faith with yours. He's not a sideline man. He's God's servant right up in the front line, with a two-edged sword in his hand. Certainly. Sure is. I'm going to ask these pastors to come here, stand with me while we pray. Will you do that, all of you? Come right here, and just... I'm going to get right down with you, and let's make a double line right here. Now, when the people are healed they can't... They see. Now, I want your hands, pastor, you, my brethren. And now we're ... you're just...

**66** If you come saying, "Well, I'll try. I'll..." No, don't do it. Don't take somebody else's place, see. You come, knowing that you're going to get what you've asked for. Just looky here. What a bunch of ministers! Oh, my. I've met most of these men. I know them. I know them by meeting them at breakfasts, and so forth. They're godly people. They're God's servants. Now, looky here. On the day of Pentecost, the Holy Ghost separated itself, and tongues of fire sat upon each one. The great pillar of fire separated, and each one received a portion of that Holy Spirit upon them, like tongues of fire. Well, if you put one tongue of fire and two tongues of fire together, you've got twice the strength that you had in one. Remember, was it Ezekiel in his vision of the two sticks in his hand? You see? Now, looky here. Look here what you got: all these men of God. Besides that, how many in the audience out there's going to be praying? Raise your hands. Looky here. Now you people in the prayer line, look at this. Look out here, what's going to be praying for you---hundreds of people.

```
Ezekiel 37:19 Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand.

Acts 2:3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.

```
**67** Now the Holy Spirit is here right now, Jesus Christ proving Himself. He's here. He can't do no more than that. Now, how many in the prayer line believes it? Raise your hand. Now let's all... Now I'm going to have Brother Borders, or somebody, the song-leader... Who is the song-leader? You got the mike there? All right. I'm going to have some of them to come here and sing that song, "Only believe, all things are possible, only believe." And as they sing this song, I want every person to be in prayer. Don't ... don't, unless something outstanding happens don't even look up.

**68** Now, you got to be sincere. It's between death and life to some of these people. They're right there with cancer, and tumor, and TB, and everything, dying. What if that was your mother? It's somebody's, remember. Now, be real reverent. And when they come by, and we lay hands upon them... I'm coming right down with these men, and as they, we, lay hands upon those people, you pray that they'll be healed. And now, you in the prayer line, now let me ... I can only tell you. Now, back there and all that will be in the prayer line, when you come through, do this. Now if you go ... if you're going to believe me ... Look, when you come through this line, and when you walk in that line, just remember, it's like you're walking under the shadows of the cross. You're doing... These men are doing exactly what Jesus said for them to do. "They shall lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." I'm coming down, as I said in the beginning, spreading my net with them, that we might do everything we can to help you people. Will you believe?

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**69** Now let's pray first, 'cause said... You know, Peter went and prayed in the side of the room where Dorcas was dead, and then went over and laid his hands upon her. After he prayed he got up and went over and laid hands on her. Elijah walked up and down the floor, until the Spirit came on him; then he went and laid his body on the dead baby. You remember that? Now we're going to pray, and then lay hands on you as you pass through the line. And you come through here, and as soon as those hands touch you, raise up and accept your faith. And go on off, praising God. Be an astronaut, now, as you come through. Just fly away from all the unbelief.

```
1 Kings 17:21 And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again.

2 Kings 4:35 Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.

Acts 9:40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

```
**70** Our heavenly Father, this comes to the climax, and the crucial moment. The greatest thing can happen to the sick people is right now, where a mass, here, of hundreds of people, will be passing through a prayer line of ministers that You've called from all walks of life. And they've give their life to You, in honor of the Word of God and their calling. Here in this box is handkerchiefs going to the sick and afflicted. Lord Jesus, let each of them recover, as we send them in the name of Jesus Christ. And as these sick people come through this line, may every one of them, Lord, have faith now. May they make up in their minds, say, "I've been playing around. I'm not going to play anymore. If I'm going to believe, I'm going to believe right now. I have seen the living Word of God made manifest. I know in this room, Jesus Christ is somewhere. Surely, the one that He manifests Himself through will not tell us wrong, for You said, 'If there be one who's spiritual or prophet, what he says comes to pass, then hear him.'" Lord God, may that be in the people's minds, that I'm trying to tell them that You are not dead, that You're living right here now, and You ... your anointing is upon your church and your people. Let them be healed as they pass through. I pray this prayer in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

```
Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.

```
**71** Now, let's keep in prayer while Brother Borders, or ever who's going to lead the singing... Keep your heads bowed. I'm coming down now, to stand at the line here and pray with these people. [Congregation sings "Only believe, only believe."] ... Lord, I believe, All things are possible, Oh, Lord, I believe; Oh, Lord, I believe, (Let's raise your hands as we sing it.) Oh, Lord, I believe All things are possible, Oh, Lord, I believe.

**72** You know, I don't believe I ever went through a prayer line in my life that I ever witnessed any more faith, than I did in that line ---really, the finest prayer line I believe I ever had, in the United States, in my life. To see a line going through like that, I'm just as sure as my name's William Branham, and I'm standing here at this platform, you pastors will hear about your people that's went through that line. It was really a grand faith, some of the best I ever knowed in my life. According to the only way I have to witness it, by the anointing of the Holy Spirit, it was really marvelous. Thank you, people.

**73** Now all that believes you're healed, say, "Amen." Listen to that! God bless you. God be with you, till I meet you again. If the Lord willing, I'll be up here at this Tulare (Is that what the name is, Tulare?), Tulare up here this next week.

**74** Now let's all stand to our feet just a moment, while we are dismissed in a regular procedure. And then they are going to give out the prayer cloths here, and so forth. God bless you. And God bless you ministering brothers. That's what makes it so real, when you brothers---there was Paul Cain and all these pastors, and all---standing along here of great support in faith. I've really enjoyed this meeting immensely. I consider it one of the red light meetings that I've had in the United States. I've had ones that's bigger.

**75** God bless you, sister. God bless you, Sister Upshaw. There isn't a week goes by that I don't think of you and Brother Bill. I'll meet you on that shore there, Sister, where all the old things are passed away. We'll be there that day. Amen. Now, let us bow our heads while we ask the pastor here, one, to come and dismiss us in prayer officially. Let us bow our heads. Brother, the Lord bless you.
