---
Date: 1964-03-06
Title: A Greater than Solomon is here now
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Soul's Harbor Temple in Dallas, Texas, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 26 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# A Greater than Solomon is here now



**1** Let us remain standing just for a moment while we read the Word of the Lord. You who would like to turn to the Scripture reading tonight, turn to Matthew 12, beginning with the 38th verse, and there... Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would seek a sign from thee. But he answered and said unto them, An evil and an adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall be no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas: For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. The men of Nineveh shall rise in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here. The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Matthew 12:41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**2** Let us bow our heads. With our heads and hearts bowed in his presence, is there a request in here tonight, that you'd like to be remembered in prayer? If so, just raise your hands and signify by that, "God, hear my request." Now pray silently while we go to prayer.

**3** Our heavenly Father, we are deeming this one of the most grandest privileges that we have this side of glory---is to meet in the congregation of the people who believe in You, that where we can expect your presence because it's according to your promise. You said, "Where there are two or three gathered in my name, there I am in the midst. And if they can agree upon any certain thing, and ask, they shall receive it." Lord, the greatest thing that we could agree upon tonight: that You would just meet with us that we might behold your presence, sense it in our spirits, and know that You're here. And in your presence we feel that we can pour out our hearts in supplication. And as we meditate upon Thee may we feel this great sense of the answer of our prayers, as we're asking now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated.

```
Matthew 18:19 Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**4** I want to take the subject, the Lord willing, with some scriptures I have written out here, for just a few moments before we go to prayer for the sick, upon the subject of "A Greater Than Solomon is Here Now."

**5** We find in our beginning of the scripture tonight, where our text is found, that Jesus was disputing with the Pharisees. He was rebuking them because that they had not understood Him, a man that ... the theologians that had been trained, looking forward for the time of his appearing. And then when He arrived they misunderstood Him and they'd called Him a devil. They said that the ministry He had was of the devil because He could discern the thoughts that were in their hearts. And by this they thought him to be some kind of a witch doctor or some ... like a fortuneteller. And anyone knows that's evil spirits. Then, to call the work of God an evil spirit was blaspheming, and He had told them He would forgive them for it, because the Holy Spirit had not come as yet to tender up their hearts, and to make them in condition so that they would understand God. They were ... hearts was far away from God, and all they knowed was cold theology of the law, and they had not yet received the Holy Spirit. But He said, "When the Holy Spirit has come and does the same thing, to speak against that, it's never forgiven in this world nor the world to come."

```
Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

```
**6** Now, I was thinking as I was reading this this afternoon and meditating upon it, of how that if they... One of them here come to Him in a roundabout way and asked Him, said, "Master, we would see a sign from Thee." In other words, the Jews were always taught to believe signs. The Jews seek signs always, and the Greeks wisdom. And we find that these Jews was relying upon a sign. Now, what a very witness against this Pharisee: that (him supposingly knowing the scriptures), that the sign of the Messiah, Jesus had already performed it; and his eyes were so darkened that he didn't recognize it. Jesus had given him the true scriptural, Messiahic sign that was promised in the Scripture. But he was looking for some other kind of a sign.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

```
**7** And how true that stands with teachers of today, and people of today. They can see something that's solid and in the Scripture, promised by God for the day. And then they can see that, but yet they are looking forward to something ... they want to see something else, and not taking the sign of the time. He told them once, said, "You can discern the skies, when it's lowering and red. You'll say, when it's lowering and red, 'Tomorrow will be foul weather,'" and so forth. But, said, "You can discern the signs in the skies, but the signs of the time you don't understand." For truly the Scripture had said that this Messiah would be a prophet.

```
Matthew 16:3 And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?

Luke 12:56 Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?

```
**8** We know that God's way of doing things is always sending a prophet to vindicate his message. Never has failed; never will fail. God cannot change his way. What his first decision is, it must ever remain that way. What He says is true. God never did deal in great groups. He always deals with an individual. That's how He's taken a people out of the Gentiles for his name---just an individual, one here, and there, for his name. He deals with an individual; not by groups.

**9** And we find that the reason they believed this, that a prophet must be a identified witness of God. For when he said anything and it come to pass, and he said again and it come to pass, and whatever he said God vindicated it to be true: then He said, "Hear him, for I am with him." Now we find that Moses, who they claimed to believe in, had told them that, "The Lord, your God, shall raise up a prophet liken unto me, and to Him the people must hear." And all that didn't believe this prophet would be cut off from the people. We find that to be true. He came to his own; his own received Him not. But as many as did receive Him, to them---gave him the power---gave them the power to become sons of God.

```
Deuteronomy 18:15 The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;

Deuteronomy 18:19 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.

John 1:11 He came unto his own, and his own received him not.

John 1:12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

```
**10** How we find these Pharisees looking right, and Sadducees, upon exactly what the promise of God said that He would do. And there they was still seeking the sign, not knowing that that was the true Messiahic sign that He was to give. Philip understood it, when He told him where he was the day before. He understood that was the Messiah. Said, "Thou art the Christ, and You're the king of Israel." And so he recognized that because he was given to that. He was... Jesus said, "No man can come to Me except my Father draws him, and all the Father has given Me will come to Me." No matter how much we try to get it any other way, it's got to be God. Not him that willeth, or him that runneth; it's God that showeth mercy. God is the one that does the choosing. "You haven't chose me," said Jesus. "I have chose you."

```
John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 15:16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

Romans 9:16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.

```
**11** And now we find that the antichrist in the last day will deceive all that dwells upon the earth whose names were not written in the Lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world. Your name was put in God's book before the Lamb was slain. When his program was laid out---the whole thing---you were recognized in that program, because you got eternal life. The word "eternal"---never did begin and neither can it end. And you are an attribute of God's thinking before the world was ever created. That's the only way you can have eternal life. And that life that He was thinking of you is in you now. There's no way to separate it. It's in there to stay.

**12** Notice now, these Pharisees---yet being religious teachers, great scholars of theology, had studied the book day and night---failed to see that Messiahic sign, and was here trying to ask Him for a sign. That it might further the thing, to let you know that God always gives signs... Because He's supernatural, He always deals with people through signs, scriptural signs. In the Old Testament when they had a question, someone dreamed a dream (and there was no prophet there), they took him down to the temple where they had what they call the Urim-Thummim. You Bible teachers understand what I mean. It was the breastplate that Aaron wore, that had the twelve stones that represented the twelve tribes of Israel. They hung that up on a post. And then when this prophet, or this dreamer, or whatever it was, told his vision or his dream---regardless of how real it seemed ---if them supernatural lights didn't come up, making the Urim-Thummim on that breastplate, it was rejected. God refused it.

```
Exodus 28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.

```
**13** There must be a supernatural sign from God to vindicate. No matter how real, how deep it was in theology, how great it sounded, it still ... if God's supernatural sign didn't vindicate it, it wasn't so to the Jew. Now the Old Testament ... the Aaron's plate, was done away with---the old covenant. But in the new covenant God still remains with the Urim-Thummim. That is, if a prophet, dreamer, theologian, or whatever it is, speaks something that's contrary to the Word and God don't echo it back through the Word, I let it alone---for it's God's Urim-Thummim. And I believe it with all my heart that it's God's Word, and God is his own Word.

**14** In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God; and the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He's the same, yesterday, today, and forever. He's still... God don't need any interpreter. We interpret. We say, "this ... this," and "this is that," and "this is that," and so forth. God don't need an interpreter. He's his own interpreter. God don't need us to interpret his Word. The Bible is written, and it said it is of no private interpretation. God said, in the beginning, "Let there be light," and there was light. That's the interpretation of it. God said, "A virgin shall conceive," and she did. That's the interpretation of it. It doesn't need anybody to interpret. God said in this day these things would happen, and they are---don't need any interpretation. It's God doing his own interpretation. It happens. No matter how much we try to twist it and say, "It don't mean this," and "Don't mean that," it means just exactly---and God's his own interpreter. He vindicates his Word, and that's his interpretation of it, because it's brought to pass.

```
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

Isaiah 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.

John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

2 Peter 1:20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.

```
**15** Now, we find these fellows there, in Matthew the 12th chapter, 38th to 40th verse, and they were asking Him, "Master, we would seek a sign from Thee." And He was upbraiding them because they had not believed Him. And it called the very Spirit that was upon Him an evil spirit in their unbelief, because they couldn't identify Him among their clergymen. They couldn't identify where He come from. They didn't know what school He come from (whether He was a Pharisee or a Sadducee), and was constantly trying to tear down their institutions of theology, and called them a bunch of snakes. And ... why, they couldn't identify Him anywhere. And so, "Where'd this man come from? We know not whence He is." And they didn't realize the very sign that He was the Messiah was there. I like that little woman at the well we spoke of night before last. She recognized it, and it did something for her. And those who recognized it, it's ... they were the seed of God that was to be called in that day.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

John 9:25 He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.

```
**16** God, in all ways and all times, has always give spiritual gifts to his people. That's how He's identified, and known---by spiritual gifts. And when God sends a spiritual gift to his people, and that spiritual gift is rejected, then that people goes into the darkness of a chaos. Every time through the ages, when God sends something to the people, a gift, and they turn it down, that people is rejected by God; because it's rejected God's mercy. Oh, what a safety it would be tonight. How much greater it would be than all the bomb shelters, and all the places we could think of, if this nation, which is called a Christian nation, could accept the gift of God that's been given to it---the great Holy Spirit poured out in this last days. And how, that if this nation would accept that, it would be more safety than anything they could get into. But they turned it down, so there's nothing left but chaos and judgment.

**17** All ages He gave these great spiritual gifts. And notice, always the coming of a spiritual gift, a true gift (I want to speak one night on the voice of the gift but ... if the Lord willing), but always these gifts are usually announced by prophets. And then when you see a prophet rise on the scene, that shows that judgment is at hand. Now, that's a sign. When you see a identified prophet of God rise on the scene... In the days of Jeremiah, in the days of Daniel, in the days of John the Baptist, in the days of the Lord Jesus, and all down through: when a prophet raises on the scene, it's time that God's going to speak his word. The nations reject it, and then chaos sets in. That's the way it was in the changing of the church ages each time when the message was rejected. God giving these gifts and messages to the people and they turned them down; then there's nothing left but judgment. God's just. He will not send judgment before He offers mercy. And mercy is foretold and how it will come. But the people, usually so all mixed-up and (in their minds), and so many different man-made schemes, till they don't recognize it. And that's the way it always happens.

**18** Now, we find that He told them that a wicked and an adulterous generation seeks after signs. How many times the unbeliever has taken advantage of this about scriptural signs, and don't believe it! God always speaks with signs. He forever has; He forever will. As long as there's a world, He'll still speak by spiritual signs. He's foretold they would come.

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

```
**19** Now many of the unbelievers take that, when He said a wicked, and a weak and adulterous generation seeks after signs... What? He was speaking in a compound prophecy here. He was also telling them that they were a weak and adulterous generation and also telling them that any weak and adulterous generation, and one that would come, would receive a sign. Notice, He said, "A weak and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall be no sign given to it but the sign of Jonah. For as Jonah was in the belly of the whale for three days and nights, so must the Son of man be in the heart of the earth for three days and nights."

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

```
**20** What was He saying here? He was saying that a wicked and adulterous generation would receive the sign of the resurrection. And what other age have we ever come to, anymore than it is right now, to a Christ-rejecting, wicked, perverted, adulterous generation? And they will receive a sign---the sign of the resurrection, that Jesus Christ is alive tonight, just as much as He ever was. He is raised from the dead, making Him the same yesterday, today, and forever. A weak and an adulterous generation seeks after a sign, and they'll get it. And the sign will be the sign of the resurrection. Now, of course, He was speaking to them that He would raise up from the dead.

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**21** Many times scripture has its common, or its compound meaning. Like in Matthew 3 it says, "that it might be fulfilled which is spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying 'out of Egypt I call my son.' " Now, if you refer that back, it's to Hosea. And he prophesied that out of Egypt He called God's son, which was Israel. Jacob was God's son, and he called him out of Egypt. That's where the reference runs you to. But also, Christ was his greater Son, and he called Him out, Israel being a type. And so, that being a type of rejecting Christ in that generation, this is a greater type. For that generation that rejected the resurrection had pardon. But this generation, who makes fun of the Holy Ghost, is unpardonable; where greater is he that rejects the Holy Spirit than he that reject Jesus Christ in the days of his flesh on the earth. Jesus said so. "You speak against the Son of man... When they said He was a fortune-teller, or some evil spirit, said, "You speak against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven you. But whoever speaks a word against the Holy Ghost shall never be forgiven them in this world." That is, call the working of the Holy Ghost an evil, unclean thing when you see the work of God being done.

```
Exodus 4:22 And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son, even my firstborn:

Joshua 11:1 And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of Achshaph,

Matthew 2:15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

```
**22** Yes, Jonah was a witness of the resurrection, as he was in the belly of the whale for three days and nights. Many people try to condemn Jonah, and say that "Oh, he..." Everybody, "He was a Jonah." Jonah was a prophet. He was walking exactly in the will of God. When he took that wrong ship and got out there, that had to be done. It must be that way, to show forth the resurrection of Jesus Christ. He had to play that, just the same as Hagar was put out, that the free woman would not be heir with the bondswoman. These things had to happen. They were shadows and types of the things to come.

**23** Now, we find out, He comes down then, after speaking of Jonah, and He comes to Solomon's age. Now we all know that Solomon's age was the millennium, almost, of the Old Testament. It was the greatest time of all Israel ever had, was under the reign of Solomon. No wars to speak of, and they had a great time. God gave Solomon, which was a son of David, gave him a gift of discernment. And now, he could discern the thoughts in the people's heart. Now, how that Hebrew standing there ought to have recognized that. Solomon had a gift of discernment, and he could discern the thoughts in their heart. And they all rallied around Solomon. And yet, here stood a greater than Solomon. And Solomon was the son of David, but he was the lesser son of David by the flesh; and Jesus was the son of David by seed of the promise, a royal seed. And here was a greater than Solomon standing there, doing the same thing that Solomon done, only being a greater than Solomon; and they called it Beelzebub. You see the interpretation of the scripture? No wonder He said what He did. "A wicked and adulterous generation will seek after a sign, and they'll get it: the sign of the resurrection."

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**24** And in Solomon's age there was a great revival on. I'll try to give it an illustration, so the young can understand it. There was a great revival that was going on, in the days of Solomon. God gave a gift, and the whole nation rallied around it. Everybody come to it. They believed in it wholeheartedly. Wouldn't that be a wonderful thing if it happened amongst the people tonight? If all America, all the people that call themselves Christians, would rally around God's gift in this last days, the pouring out of the Holy Ghost upon the people? That's God's gift in this last day, is the Holy Spirit---Christ in the form of Spirit. He's here with us now. Wouldn't it be wonderful if all the churches that profess to be Christians would rally around this great gift that God has given us? Why is it they got it off in all kinds of isms and creeds and dogmas, and you can't tell what is what. It's exactly the way they've always done it. God promised it to be straightened out to the seed, anyhow, at the end time.

**25** Now, notice. In this we find that all of them rallied around that great gift, and Israel blossomed like never before. All nations feared Israel. They were afraid to come over there, because they knowed that God was with them. Now I'll tell you, you talk about shutting up communism and everything. Just let America come back to God, back to her gift, back to the Holy Ghost. Then people will have to quit hollering about communism. It's so worm-weeded in it, till even communists has anti-Communist set-ups to find out who they are. The thing has to be that way. But let them come back.

**26** Here not long ago in Finland (Brother Lindsay---I believe he was here last night---was with me when it happened.), a little boy that I'd seen in a vision here, was raised up from the dead over there. Many of you, I guess, still have it wrote in your Bible as across the nation, saying what he would look like, where he would be and so forth. And he was raised up from the dead, according to the word of the Lord. He'd been killed by an automobile accident. Many of you remember the case. And standing there when he was raised up from the dead... That night going down to the Messuhalli, Brother Lindsay, and I, Brother Moore, and many of the men, trying to get down to the Messuhalli, where they had so many thousands ... let me speak to them, then turn them out and speak to more... On the road down they had four or five city blocks, was all blocked off. People was in the streets to watch us coming in, and going out. And in there, there had been a little girl, little crutches, one leg shorter than the other one, had been healed, and many things had been done.

**27** And then this little boy being raised up, it went on news. They don't have rock and roll, and stuff in Finland---or they didn't then. There's only news, and things that's worthwhile, they had on radio. And that had went all the way down into Russia. If you live in Russia, and forty miles from your home, your birthplace, you've got to have a visa to show your business. And the Iron Curtain was right ... we walked right down to it, where the machine guns was sitting in the street, just out of Kuopio. That night, this news had went down, and the streets were piled by thousands times thousands of Russians.

**28** Here was those communistic soldiers, Russian soldiers, those little round caps on. And six little Finnish boys right after that war... They'd never been old enough to shave yet. They were slick-faced boys---big old boots on, big long coats, walking down the street with these sabers and things---watching so I could get through the crowd to get in. Here stood those Russians standing there. When I come by, they come to attention, hold like that, and the tears run down their cheeks. And when I passed by, they grabbed them Finnish soldiers, and patted them on the back, and hug them. Anything that'll make a Russian pat a Finn, will settle wars. They said, "This we will receive: a God that can raise up the dead." That's what's the matter tonight, friends. Exactly. What's made them communistic? Because the clergy has let down on the Word of God. They've taken all the money, and have nothing to give back in its stead, just like a lodge or anything else. That's what's wrong with the world.

**29** Then we find, that in the days of Solomon they were all rallying around this great gift that Solomon had from the Lord. And the people were coming and going. All the nations feared Israel. Instead of trying to make war with them, they brought in peace offerings. They were not afraid so much of their men; they were afraid of that God that they were all in unity with. Oh, what a thing that would be to this nation tonight, if we'd all be in fear of God; if we'd all respect God and receive his gift of the Holy Ghost, and rally around; every church break down their creeds, and throw them out the door; and get down to the altar, and stay till the Holy Ghost come to identify his word in the last days.

**30** Some of them trying to say, "Why it's just for the Jews to get it. That's all there was to it." Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and to your children, to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." And as long as there's a seed waiting in the earth to be called, there's a Holy Ghost to call it to it. That's right. It's still just the same. But we find out when it comes, it's rejected. That's the reason the nation comes under condemnation. That's the reason things are going the way they are tonight.

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**31** And we find that in Solomon's time it wasn't so. All of them rallied around that gift of discernment that Solomon had. And the nations all feared God. And it ... news spread out everywhere. "Oh, you should come to Israel. Their God has raised up a gift among them and they made him king. And his wisdom, his discernment, is beyond human recognition. It's beyond ... it's in the realms of gods, out in there," the heathen would say. "And we don't understand how it is, but God ... their God has represented Himself in one of their believers, and they set him upon a throne, and they all listen to him." You know, the news scattered then not by television, telephone, and so forth; it was lip by ear.

**32** Finally news broke plumb down across the Sahara desert, all the way into a little country called Sheba. They had... It's a heathen country. They had a little queen down there, was no doubt a nice little lady. And the news came to her that God was giving a great revival, up there in the land of Israel, and great things were taking place. And they had a man up there anointed with the Spirit of their God, that even his wisdom surpassed anything that man could think of. You know, faith cometh by hearing, hearing the Word of God. That stirred her little heart. She began to think about it. And now as every caravan came by, no doubt the little queen would send out her soldiers and say, "I'd like to speak to the person in private, if they have come from Israel." "Yes, Queen, we have been up in Israel. And, oh, it is marvelous. You should see it. There's nothing like it. It's beyond man's understanding. You know, all of them are in one accord, every one of them's right around that gift that their God has given them, and they all believe it with one accord. Oh, it's the most grandest thing! And there's nothing withheld. God just reveals everything. If any nation would start over there on them, why, the God of theirs would reveal where they was coming, and ambush them before they got there." Oh, it was just a great revival going on.

**33** Then you know, the little queen began to get hungry to see it herself. You know, there's something about it. Man knows that he come from somewhere, and he's here. He don't know why he's here. And he's going somewhere, and he doesn't know where he's going. And there's only one book in the world that tells us who you are, where you come from, what you are, and where you're going. And that's the Bible. It's the only one that tells you. And it's God's book. It's God Himself manifested in Word form, called a seed. That seed in the right kind of ground will produce every promise that He made, 'cause it's God Himself. But it has to be watered by faith to make it come to pass, like any other seed. The germ is in it. No ... notice now,

**34** we find that in this doing, the little queen began to hunger and thirst for God. Oh, if the gifts of God could only create a thirst in the people's heart for Him, like it did to her! Now, we find out... So that the children, and the little fellows (there's a whole row of them sitting here and different places), that they might understand, we'll give it kind of a drama form, so they'll understand.

**35** Now remember, she was a pagan. So in order to do this, and being a queen, she would have to get permission from her pagan priest in order to go. And I can imagine seeing her go over to him, and make her bows, and say, "Great Holy Father So-and-so, we know the Israelites has got a revival up there. And their God has represented Himself in the form of a man by a great gift, that He knows the secrets of the heart. And they tell me that He is the Word, and the Word is a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. And they say it's operating in a man. I would like your permission, Most Holy Father, to go up there and to visit, and see for myself." Well, I can imagine their answer coming back. "We don't have any cooperation in that revival," or that's the '64 version of it. But anyhow they say, "They don't belong to our denomination. They're not of our people. We have nothing to do into it at all. You shall not go. And they're nothing but a bunch of cranks. They hear all kinds of rumors about them coming through a Red Sea, and all that kind of stuff, but there's nothing about it. Here's our great god. See him standing on the side of the wall? They were so-and-so, and so many times they done so-and-so..." The little queen went away disgusted.

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**36** But you know, there's something about it, if God begins to put a hunger in a human heart there's just nothing going to stand in its way. Whether there's cooperation or not, or whether there's anything, she's got to find that. Like I said about the little woman last night, being persistent, and persevering. See, something gets ahold of you, and you get ahold of something. Like Jacob, the son of God. Jacob, God's son, got ahold of something one night, and it got ahold of him. And he never let it go until he achieved his purpose, blessed of it. That's the real thing. And when man impersonates something, it never works out right. But if you can get ahold of that something, and that something get ahold of you, it's going to happen.

**37** You come here tonight for healing. And let the Holy Spirit get ahold of you, and you get ahold of it, you're going to get what you asked for. There's no way of keeping it from you. You come believing that Jesus Christ saves, and there's a saving power gets ahold of you, and you ahold of it, you're going to get saved. If you believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and the Holy Spirit gets ahold of you to baptize you, and you get ahold of Him, you won't have to move from your seat. He'll fill you with his presence right there where you are, just as he did, "While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on them that heard it." Something got ahold.

```
Acts 10:44 While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.

```
**38** Something got ahold of that little Syrophenician woman we spoke of last night. No matter how many hindrances she had, she still was going anyhow. Something got ahold of this little queen we're talking about tonight, a pagan, a heathen. So was this little Syrophenician a Greek---a pagan idol worshipper. But something got ahold of them, and they got ahold of something. There's always difficults in the way. Satan throws everything in the way he can, when he sees the real move of God get started. He'll do it to you. He'll put everything, all the hindrances he can in your way.

**39** Remember the woman had a lot of hindrances, but her faith didn't have any. Faith has no hindrance. There's nothing going to stop it. No matter what anybody says, if you've got that right hold on God, God's got that right hold on you, there could be forty doctors standing here telling you you was dying, and you wouldn't believe one word of it. No, sir! No, sir. There could be forty clergymen standing here like Ahab's four hundred were standing. If you're a Micaiah and got ahold of God, God's got ahold of you, and you see it's vindicated in the Word, there's nothing going to stop you. You're going to stand there anyhow, because something's got ahold of you.

**40** It was revealed to that little woman that there was a God somewhere. I can see her go read those Hebrew scrolls again, roll them up and put them down in the jar, and walk back to that pagan priest, and say, "I want to tell you something, Holy Father. It might be so, the things you're saying. But look, my grandmother worshipped that idol. She read that catechism you got. My great-grandmother read it, my mother read it, all my people read it. It's all about something that did happen. I've never seen a move of it, yet. "But they tell me they got something up there that's real, moving right now; not some history, but something that's now going on. "Now looky here," he'd say. "My child, if you go I'll excommunicate you. And you have no business, as a queen, associating yourself with such people as that." That same old devil still lives. There's no better crowd in the world to get into than a borned-again church filled with the Holy Ghost. I don't care where it's at. If it's in the alley, or wherever it is, it's the best crowd. It's a heavenly group, notice, believers who believe in God.

**41** Her heart was thumping, heavy with anticipation. She wanted to see. She'd heard about it. She knowed nothing about it, but she wanted to see it. And I can hear her say, "Well, you can just take my name off the book if you want to. Whatever you say in them idols, and books and things, I see you keep telling about something, telling about something. It's never moved. I've never seen a move of it yet. I want something that's real." And she gets ready to go. Too bad we ain't got more of them little queens today! So then, we find out that... Now, in order to go she used a very good technique. I'd like for everybody to think of this. Now, she said she didn't know. She'd read all the scrolls to find out what Jehovah was, to see the way He had worked in days gone by. If that be so, then He'd identify Himself with this man, as they said He was. Then that was Jehovah. And if it was Jehovah, and He was a true God, the God of the living---not some statue, or monument of some creature that lived, or didn't live---this was a living, present God, right now. So she wanted to get ready to go. Now, she said...

**42** She packed up a lot of money. She took gold, and myrrh and all ... frankincense, I suppose, and silver. And she'd laden camels with it. Now, she said this. "I'm going up, and I'm going to look into it myself. And then if it's so, I'll support it; if it isn't so, I'll have nothing to do with it." You know, she could teach Pentecostals something. Lot of them support a program that laughs and makes fun of you. You support a program on the air that makes fun of the things you believe in (that's right), because it sounds right, sure. "There's a way that seemeth right unto a man," Jesus said. But notice her. She said, "If it isn't, then I can bring my gifts back." But she's going to see for herself, and be convinced. She'd read the scrolls, she knowed what Jehovah was, and she'd see. If He was, He is---then He's still Jehovah. That's good today. Jesus Christ is what He was, and He always will be. He never changes. The Bible said He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Proverbs 14:12 There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**43** We find the little woman, then... Talk about hindrances! Then this might've come through her mind: "Remember, I've got to cross the desert, and that's a very long trip." Measured from Israel, from Palestine, down into Sheba across the Sahara desert, it would take a camel about... I think the caravans, take them ninety days---three months---traveling constantly, to go from one place to the other. Three (days) three months to go. And just think, she'd come across that hot desert. She had that in her mind, she had to do it, across that hot desert all the way up here to find out if this truly was God. No wonder Jesus said, "She'll stand with this generation and condemn it." She didn't have a air-conditioned Cadillac. And some people here in Dallas won't come across the street to hear it. Right. No wonder she'll stand in the last days. But stand over somewhere and criticize it---anywhere else they do it. Said she'll come from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and a greater than Solomon is here. Notice,

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**44** she had that to confront her. She probably had to travel by night, it's so hot on the desert. The direct rays of the sun upon that Sahara desert would take the hide right off of you. And there she had to travel, maybe, by night. Another thing, remember she was loaded down with offerings and things. The sons of Ishmael were fleet horsemen. They were robbers on the desert. How easy it would have been for Ishmael's children to come in like a flood, and cut them two or three little eunuchs she had with her, a little group of soldiers, eunuchs, and her little maids---cut them down and left them lay there---and packed off tens of thousands times thousands of dollars worth of jewels, besides the costly frankincense and myrrh and stuff that she was bringing for a gift. But there's something about it: if your heart is sent to see God, if something's got ahold of you, you don't know no danger. You don't know no defeat. There's something, you're going to get it anyhow, no matter what the difficulty is.

**45** Sure, it looked like a very set-up for the robbers. Any of them could of come. But she didn't take the thought of any danger. She didn't take the thought, whether she could get up and walk, like somebody afraid to rise from a bed, or a cot, or something, or, "I don't know." See, "I'm afraid to do it." She didn't have that kind of fear. Something had ahold of her. And if something can get ahold of us in the same manner, something's going to take place. Now you can't do it until that gets ahold of you. You'd better not try it. But when that's ahold of you, it's going to happen.

**46** Notice, here she is. She never thought of how many robbers there was on the desert. Or again, when she got up there would she be received or not? She was of another denomination, you know. So would she be received? Would she be welcome at the meeting? She wasn't asked to come. Holy Spirit worked on her to come. So He was the one doing the leading. So to satisfy that feeling that she had, that she longed to know... Remember it's your life; it was her life. You've only got one time to settle it, and maybe tonight is your last opportunity. You turn Christ down tonight, you may not have another opportunity.

**47** And that might've been her last opportunity. She realized that. Was her cold form religion she had all right? Or was there truly a living God? She'd seen nothing in her own religion; but she'd heard there was something in the other one, and she'd read of what He was. She wanted to see. It was her life was at stake.

**48** It's my life tonight. I have to face this. I have to come to the judgment. So do you have to come to the judgment. It behooves us to sit in our seat, lay on our beds, or wherever we are and consider this thing deeply. Because you don't know what time your card is going to be taken out of God's rack, up there. And you'll answer at the judgment. Whether you're a church member or whether you're not, that has nothing to do with it; you're going to answer anyhow, and you better be dead sure of it. Check your experience with God. See if something really has got ahold of you that brings you back to this Word, away from creeds, and forms and so forth. He promised it, in the last days there'd be a turning again in the hearts of the children to the fathers. We believe that. Notice, we find it in this day now.

```
Malachi 4:6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.

```
**49** And she taken no thought of fear, or anything was to bother her. She wasn't thinking about that. The idea was, she wanted to find out if it was real or not. So across the desert she went. And not... She had a hard time doing it. Anything that you have... That's the trouble. We Pentecostals ... we just got everything handed to us on a platter, everything we want. The pastor don't come just on time, "I'll leave the Assemblies, and join the Church of God." And you know, it's just ... we've just so babied around.

**50** Reminds me of an old salt, one time, coming from the sea. And a poet went out and never seen the sea. He'd wrote about it, but never seen it. The old salt met him. He said, "Where goest thou, my good man?" He said, "I'm going to the sea. I'm a poet. I have wrote of the sea. I long to smell the brine, and see its great briny waves leaping around, the gulls a-singing and blue sky reflecting itself in the sea." The old salt puffed his pipe four or five times, looked down and spit. Said, "I was borned on it seventy years ago. I don't see nothing so attractive about it." He'd lived on it so long, till it become common. And that's what it is with us tonight. We've lived in the presence of God so long, till it's become common to us. We ought to wake ourself up, and realize that Jesus Christ is alive, and is raised from the dead.

**51** This is all to be a new experience for this little queen. She was persistent. She wanted to see it. Certainly she was persistent. She had to persist to leave her nation. She had ... all of her prestige she had to leave behind. What of all her card society, and all she belonged to, all the stitch-and-sew circles and things, that she belonged to as a queen. All the celebrity that she knowed, she'd be a laughing stock to that group. But what difference did it make to her? It was her soul. It's your soul, it's my soul. What difference does it make to the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, or oneness, twoness, threeness, or whatever it is? It's my soul that's concerned; it's your soul that's concerned. It's God's Word that's being vindicated.

**52** We find her, she ... didn't make any difference to her what anybody said, or what her celebrity, what her friends... If she had to leave everything there was in the world, if it was real she was ready to go to it. She'd give her kingdom, anything else, if it was real. She wanted to find God---there was something in her heart. We find out, across the desert she came. Finally, day after day, ninety days, three months, the caravan finally arrived at the gate. Now she never come like a lot of people do in meetings today. Many of them come, and they'll say, "Ahem. I hear they got a ... somebody told me they had... Hmm, hmm. Well, I'll go over." And they'll sit down, just for a moment. Watch them. You see them everywhere. They'll say, "The first word he says that's contrary to my belief..." Out the door, they're gone. "I'll never go back to hear another one again." See, they just don't sit long enough. That's it.

**53** What about when Jesus, when He's sitting before his seventy there? And He had seventy, and He had the whole multitude. He was a great man, He was a prophet, they said---the Galilean prophet. One day He looked upon that great crowd standing around Him. He said, "Except you eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, you have no life in you." Could you imagine the physicians sitting out there, what they said about that man? "Why, He'll make vampires out of us. Drink his blood, and eat his flesh?" He never explained it. He didn't have to explain it. He had to shake off the parasites that was around Him. 'Stead of trying to baby, and put their name on a book, He'd shake them away. He had no use for them. So we find out there He was. He said, "Except..." He never explained it.

```
John 6:52 The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?

John 6:53 Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.

```
**54** Watch. Those disciples sat still. They never said nothing. I see the doctor, and see the Pharisees, said, "See, the man's out of his mind. He's crazy. Wants us to cut up his body now, and eat it, and drink his blood. Human vampire! Why, we couldn't do a thing like that. Oh, that's crazy. The man's out of his mind." Walked away. Then He looked around to those theologians sitting around Him, them seventy. And He said, "What will you say when you see the Son of man ascending up into heaven from whence He came?" Them doctors of divinity looking around, said, "The Son of man ascend up into heaven from where He came? Why we know Him. We've been to the stable where He was born. We've seen the cradle He was rocked in. We know his mother. We ... He fishes with us, He hunts with us, He's out here on the hills, He wears the clothes that we do, eats the food. And this Son of man, where did he come from? He come from Nazareth. This is too much for us!" Away they went. He still didn't explain it, see.

```
John 6:62 What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?

```
**55** He looked around to the twelve and said, "Will you go also?" Now, they couldn't explain it either. But something had ahold of them, see. They knowed. That's when Peter said those memorial words, "Lord, we have seen the Scripture a-vindicated by You. Where would we go? We know that Thou has the words of life. Thou art the fountain of life. We're satisfied of this." Jesus said, "I chose twelve of you, and one of you is a devil." He had no bones, and polishing, and babying, and pat them on the back, and baptize them secretly, or something or another. He had... He was God made flesh on earth. He was a-vindicated Word of God. And those who hungered come; those who did not hunger could not come. Said, "All the Father's given me will come." How can you come then, unless He has (given) been given.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:67 Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?

John 6:68 Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.

John 6:70 Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?

```
**56** Now, notice. We find this little queen, she finally arrived. She didn't wait just like those people did, some of them following along. There's always three classes of people: believers, make-believers, and unbelievers. The unbeliever will get up and walk away; the make-believer will stand around for a long time. There all three of them was: The unbeliever, the crowd; the make-believer, the group that turned away last; but there was the genuine believer, who could not explain it. They knowed nothing about it, but they knowed that He was the Word. That settled it!

**57** There we find the little queen. She'd brought a whole lot of food, many pieces of bread and a lot of stuff. She brought her tents and things. She throwed her things off of the camels, and things out in the yard, the courts of the temple. And she pitched her tents, and was there to stay till she was convinced whether it was right or wrong. No doubt, day by day she'd read those scriptures. Nighttime, they probably had to travel by night. And daytime, she'd sit back under those palm trees in the oasis in the desert, and read what Jehovah was, what He was supposed to be. Now, if she would know Jehovah, if He was in that man, she'd know his action. She would know whether it was right or not. So she was all posted in the scriptures.

**58** She didn't go there and say, "Now, if He says anything different than what my priest says, I'll just pick up my camels and go away." She was going to stay till she was convinced. Oh, if men and women would only do that today---take the Scripture, see if the Holy Spirit is for today or not, see if these things we're talking about are predicted for this hour that we're in. But she did. That's the reason Jesus said, "Her name is infallible---not infallible, but it's immortal. She'll stand in the day of judgment and condemn Dallas, Texas. She'll condemn the United States in the day of the judgment: "for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and behold a greater than Solomon is here." A resurrected Jesus Christ is here, in the power of his resurrection.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**59** Notice, and she pitched her tents. I can imagine that morning (for the children's sake now), the bells rang, the trumpet sounded, and church was on. They had church every day. Think of it! They loved to go to church every day. So they... Church started. I imagine the little queen went way back in the back, and sat down. And after awhile, all the trumpets sounded, the hymns was sung, and everything. And after while, Pastor Solomon came out, sat down. And how all the people regarded him, because they loved him. He was God's servant. And they come out. There wasn't one saying "Hmmm. If he was just this ... and he doesn't belong to my group." No, there was only one group, and that was them. So there they was.

**60** And then we find out, someone come up. And the first thing you know, Solomon revealed the secret of their heart. I imagine the little queen said, "Now wait just a minute," see. "My, that sounded real." Next one come up, found the same thing. Oh, her little heart begin to jump. She wondered... So she must've got a prayer card, waited. (Excuse that expression, but you know, just to make a point, see.) She might've got a card, and she waited. One day her card was called, and she come up before the Holy Spirit that was working through Solomon. And the Bible said there was nothing hid from Solomon. The great Holy Spirit revealed everything that she had need to hear. He revealed it. And here was the Holy Spirit, its fullness in Jesus Christ, doing the same thing, and those Pharisees saying, "Show us a sign. Heal this man out here. Do this, and say this, and what'll be this, or that," see. They just don't understand.

```
1 Kings 10:3 And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the king, which he told her not.

2 Chronicles 9:2 And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.

Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

```
**61** This little queen standing there, and the Bible said that nothing was held back from Solomon. He revealed all the things that she had need of knowing. He told her all about them. And when it did, she didn't have to take somebody else's word. She'd watched it, and she believed it. Then she turned to the audience and she said, "All that I heard, when I heard it I wondered. But all that I heard is so, and more than I heard is so." See, it was her turn. She had seen it. It was worked on her. She knew it was real. And she said, "Blessed be the Lord God who has made you his servant. Blessed be the..." What was it? The poor little woman had lived under all those creeds and idols. And one time in her hungry heart... Any real believer wants to see God in action. If He ever was God, He's still God. And she seen something that was real---not put on; genuine real. She served God the rest of her days, for she seen something that was real.

```
1 Kings 10:9 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.

2 Chronicles 9:8 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.

```
**62** Oh, friend, we've seen so many join this creed, this Moslem, this whatever it is, come to this, and this, that, and the other---all kinds of sensations, and things. Surely the world ought to be hungry, tonight, for something real. See something that's genuine ---not some mythic bunch of flowing blood, or scratches, or aura, or something that's not even scriptural---but a real Jesus Christ who promised that He would live in his people in this last days, and do the things that He did, something that the Scripture says would take place in these days.

**63** All these little creeds... "Well, if you know our creed," you know... See, you're looking back to what Mr. Luther said---a great man of his day, sure. No more than some of these women here, seventy-five years old, trying to be sixteen, looking back and trying to dress like they're sixteen. Cut off their hair, and wear shorts, and make... Anybody who drives looking through a rear-view mirror has a wreck. And that's what's the matter with the church today. It's looking through a rear-view mirror to what it was. No wonder it's wrecked up. Don't never... Paul said, "Pressing to the mark of the high calling, I go forth, I go forward." I know Mr. Moody was a great man. Mr. Wesley was a great man. The Pentecostal move, the Baptist move, were great. But let's press towards the mark of the high calling in Christ. Don't look through a rear-view mirror forty years ago. Look what is tonight. Look what the Scripture promises tonight. He did promise them in that day. But we're living on above there now. We're going on.

```
Philippians 3:14 I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

```
**64** What if Wesley would have looked back and seen what Luther ... see? But he didn't look what Luther said; he looked what God said. What if the Pentecostal looked back towards Methodists. See where you'd been? There you are, the same thing. You organized and cramped it down, you can't move anywhere. Now the Spirit of God just moves right on out, takes it on somewhere else. Every time they do it, a man-made system where you get all worked up like that, it's again like the gainsaying of Korah: how Dathan and them wanted to get a big bunch of men and make an organization out there. God said, "Separate yourself, Moses, from them. I'll swallow them right up in the earth." And that was a type of the journey today, and you know it---on the road to the promised land. And there they was, they couldn't believe that anointed message of God that was moving right on, and they wanted to start something themselves. It's always that way:

```
Numbers 16:21 Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.

Numbers 16:30 But if the LORD make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto them, and they go down quick into the pit; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD.

```
**65** Israel's most rashal move they ever made, when they rejected grace in Exodus 19, and took the law. And Dathan made the awfullest mistake he ever made, when he said, "There's more leaders in here beside you, Moses." And it had been a-vindicated that he was God's manifested Word. He had took dust and turned it into fleas, and everything that he had said had come to pass. And God was with him. A pillar of fire had vindicated, hanging above him there. And still they wanted to start something else. That's just man-made. That's the way it is today. That's where the church has got. That's right. Oh, church of the living God, don't you want to see something real, something real?

```
Numbers 16:3 And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of the LORD?

```
**66** A little story, before praying for the sick... I like to hunt. My mother, you know, she... Her mother drawed the pension, she's a Cherokee Indian. I ... in my conversion they were... Thinking of love of the woods, I love it. That's where you see God. That's where I first saw God, was out there in the woods. There's where He meets us, there's where He does the talking, there's where those seven angels met, that you ... on "Sirs, What Time Is It?"

**67** Brother Borders and I was sitting there, the other day, when that... Come down a whirlwind out of the heavens, even tore the rocks out right above where I was standing there, what He said, see. And there all ... many men, Brother Sothmann here somewhere, one of the ... Terry, I believe, over here, was present at that time. And the things you see in the wilderness out there! I like to hunt. I do that just to get out ... not to kill the game, but just to be in the woods. I used to hunt with a fellow up in New York, up in New Hampshire, rather. He was a fine hunter. His name was Burt. He was an Englishman and he ... his parents established, or cut that (where they call Jefferson Notch) through there over to Caul Notch. They separated that in the early days. There's a little Indian about him, too. But he was one of the best shots I ever seen, and one of the finest hunters. You never had to worry about going out and hunting him up. He knowed where he was at. I used to love to hunt the white-tailed deer up there, and they... And I'd go up every fall and hunt.

**68** And he was such a fine hunter; but he was the cruelest man I ever met in my life. He had eyes like a lizard, and he just---them kind of, you know, like the women try to paint their eyes today, kind of lizard-like. Well, he actually had that kind of eye, and it don't look like human to me. And so I always kind of hated to look at him. He was so slimy looking like that, you know, looking them eyes sideways. And he loved to be mean, and he'd shoot fawns (that's little baby deer) just to make me feel bad. And he'd say, "Oh, preacher, you're like the rest of them. You're chicken-hearted. You'd be a good hunter if you wasn't a preacher." I said, "I'm hunting souls, Burt." And I said, "You got one that's lost." And he's, "Aw, get next to yourself." Said, "Billy, you're all right, but," said, "don't talk that kind of stuff to me." So he'd shoot those little fawns, and it'd just make me feel so bad.

**69** Now, it's all right to kill a fawn, if the law says so. Now if the size or sex, just whatever the law says... I was game warden for many years. But look, Abraham killed a calf and fed it to God. So there ain't nothing about killing a fawn, if the law says. But not just shoot them, just let them lay there, and act smart about it. That's wrong. That's wrong in doing it. So I just said that to justify my hunting brothers here, you see, so that you'd see what I'm trying to mean. Now, notice this, that we find that... This man... One day I went up there, wife and I were together, and he'd made him a little whistle that blowed, and sounded just like a little baby fawn crying ---you know, a little funny bleat they make. Well, as long...

**70** I'd been working and I hadn't got through in time in a meeting, and I went up to hunt with him. And there'd been a lot of hunting going on. First time a gun fires in that country, them white-tail... You thought Houdini was escape artist---he was an amateur to them. And the first thing you know, they'd all hide. If the moonlight, they'd graze at night, or get under a brush pile or something, and they wouldn't move. Then we see... That day I said, "Burt, you're not going to use that whistle." He said "Aw, preacher, you're so chicken-hearted." Said, "Get next to yourself."

**71** And we started out. And we put some sandwiches in our shirt, and we was going to hunt to about noon up around the rim, the top of the Presidential range, and then separate and come back down. If we got a deer, we knowed where it would be hanging. We'd go pull it out in a day or two, and hang it up. So, there's about, oh, four inches of snow, or six, something like that. It's good tracking time. And we started off. Got along about up the mountain, not a track. There wasn't a thing. A moon shining at night, the deer [Gap in the audio] .

**72** Burt was in front of me, leading the way. And so I was walking along behind him and he just kind of sat down, like that. The snow was dry. And he started reaching back. I thought he was going to eat the sandwich, and we'd just part from there, 'cause we was way high in the mountain then. And he reached back here, and I started getting my sandwich, and I started to find a place to set my rifle down. And I started to get my sandwich, and I looked around. He brought this little whistle out. I thought, "Boy, that's a dirty trick to do that." So he took this little whistle, looked at me, and them lizard eyes, and looked up at me, and put that little whistle in his mouth like that. And I said, "Burt, you wouldn't do a thing like that, would you?" You know.

**73** And he blowed like that, and to my surprise about fifty yards from me, just across, a great big doe stood up. Now, the doe is the mother deer. And there she was, her big brown eyes, them ears peaked up. See, she heard. Now she was a mother, see, and her baby was crying. And so, no matter whether the rest of them come out or not, there was something in her, she was a mother. So Burt looked like that and he blowed it again, real low. And that deer walked right out into the opening. Now, that's unusual, very unusual, walk out like that. And she was looking around with big head up, and her eyes looking around.

**74** After awhile when the hunter reached up and got the gun, she seen the hunter. Usually they'll just flash, and gone. You know how it is, quickly. But you know, she never moved. She just stood and looked at him broad-sided, turned her head and looked. My, I thought, "Burt, you can't do that." See, she wasn't putting on something. She wasn't hypocritically, she wasn't acting; she was ... born in her, she was a mother. And that baby, I don't care if it cost her life, it was in trouble. She was trying to find that baby, it was in trouble. She was ... the instinct in her, she was mother. And she saw the hunter, but her mind wasn't about the hunter; it was about that baby in trouble, that little fawn.

**75** And so he pulled the safety down on this 30.06. Oh, he was a dead shot. He leveled that rifle down. I just had to turn my head. I couldn't keep from it. I couldn't look at him. Thought, "Just a couple more minutes, and he'll blow her loyal heart out, trying to find her baby. It's in trouble, knowing that hunter laying right there in the bush." And he'd blow that loyal heart plumb through her with that 180 grain bullet in there. And I ... he was such a dead shot. He leveled, and I thought, "I just can't stand to look at it." I turned my back, and I said, "Lord, help him, that he won't do that." I felt so sorry, that poor mother standing there hunting for her baby; and I knowed she wasn't putting that on. She was a mother. She'd have run any other time. She wouldn't've got up, and us going by. But there was something in her.

**76** And I waited, and I waited, and the gun never went off. Well, I wondered what was the matter. And I waited. Then I turned around real slow. And I seen the deer standing out there still looking at him. And I looked at the gun barrel, and it's going like this. He was trying to hold aim, and he couldn't do it. He throwed the gun down on the ground, and looked around at me. And them big eyes had changed. The tears was running down his cheeks. He grabbed me by the trouser leg. He said, "Billy, lead me to that Jesus you're talking about."

**77** What was it? He saw something real, see. That little mother deer had the display of loyalty, a real loyalty, that made that cruel hunter there, that had the wickedest heart I ever seen... It wasn't a sermon I preached. It was what he seen---something that was real. It wasn't put on. It wasn't a sham. That was a genuine mother seeking for her baby. And that led him to Christ. He's a deacon in the church there now, a wonderful Christian, because he saw something that wasn't put on. It wasn't a make-believe; it was real.

**78** Oh, brother, sister, if this church, if this people tonight, if you and I... There's something real, not a put-on. You might see some putting it on, but there's a genuine thing. There's something in a man that makes him live for God. There's a genuine Holy Spirit tonight, brother, that's not a put-on. It's a genuine thing. And how many in here would like to be as much Christian, and as loyal to Christ---death, persecution, anything else---you'd love to be as much Christian as that deer was a mother? Would you like ... wouldn't you like to be that? I would long to be that kind of a Christian. That, even like that ... the little Syrophenician woman last night was that kind of a Christian. This little queen we're talking about tonight was that kind of a Christian. When she saw something that was real, she was ready. God help us tonight to receive something real---Christ. Let us bow our heads just a moment, while we pray.

**79** Now I wonder in the building tonight, if there's, if there's any here (while you're real quiet) if there's any here that would like ... and don't know Christ as your personal Saviour, and you would like to know Him as your Saviour, would you raise up your hand? One, two, three. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. I wonder if there's some here tonight that's claimed to be a Christian, and maybe a member of a fine church of a great bunch of people, but yet you know down in your heart that you haven't got Christianity in your heart---borned into it. Just like that mother (was) deer was borned to be a mother. She was mother through and through. And you'd like to become a real Christian like that little mother deer was a mother. Would you raise your hand, saying "Pray for me, Brother Branham?" God bless you. God bless you. All around up, in the balconies, I see your hand.

**80** Heavenly Father, little did I know on that cold November day, standing there, snow all down my neck, wet, to see that man laying there... How I talked to him, held his hand, cried with him, but told him about the Bible and everything. And he said, "Oh, you're perhaps right." But to see You have to send around something so real, that right in the way of nature, that he just couldn't keep from seeing that there was something real. And now he's your servant, Lord. Now, there's many here tonight. Some of them raised their hands, Father, that they never have been a Christian, and they want to become one. God, just don't let them be one of these just run and join church, or take some form, or creed, or baptism; but let it be borned in their heart, Christ.

```
1 Kings 10:9 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.

```
**81** And those who join church, they ... they're seeking, Lord, like perhaps the little woman, the little queen we've been talking about. She's hungering for something, and they are, too, Lord. And when she seen something that was real, that identified God in human beings, she was ready then. And she said, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel." She wanted no more to do with pagan forms. And, Father, many here tonight, no doubt, is in that same state that, if they could just see something real... And you told us when You were here in the world, that what would take place in this day. We're told that You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we know how You was identified; how the Pharisees failed to see it. Lord, the same groups today are failing to see it by belonging to church, joining, having certain forms of creeds, and so forth. They fail to see the Messiah, the great Holy Spirit identifying Himself with the people, as You promised You would.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**82** Grant tonight, Lord, that each one of these will realize, and will see your presence. And may it come into their heart, the text, "A Greater than Solomon is Here," tonight. That's Jesus Christ, the resurrected Son of God, ready to come and to convert, and to make hearts new, and to put in them a borned experience of God just like that mother doe---something that she had nothing to do with. By the grace of God she was chosen to be a deer. She was chosen to be a mother, and a loyal mother. And You told us we were chosen before the foundation of the world. I pray, God, that You'll let every one of those who has that drawing in their heart---like the little lady did---to find God, that tonight there will be something real happen that they'll see, serve Him. For a greater than Solomon is here. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Ephesians 1:4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:

```
**83** Now, reverently, silently, just before we come to the altar, please no one move around. Just be real reverent a moment. This is a solemn hour, solemn moment. Decisions are being made. Many raised their hands. I believe you were deeply sincere in that, when you said that. Now, you've heard about the Bible, you've heard about Jesus, you've heard He was the Son of God, you've been taught that He raised again, and you're taught that He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

**84** Now, is this Holy Spirit that we talk about, is that Jesus Christ? Sure it is, see. He's God, known as God the Holy Ghost. It ain't another God. It's the same God. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not three Gods. It's three attributes of the same God, see; just the same God in three forms, you see. In other words, three offices, like, you know, when He served as Father, then as Son. As God condescended, coming from One who cannot be touched---even to touch the mountain they had to die---till we could handle Him in flesh. And now He's in you. He's sanctified you with his blood that He might live in you. "At that day you know I'm in the Father, the Father in Me, I in you, and you in Me," see. It's God above us, God with us, God in us, see.

```
John 14:20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.

```
**85** And that's Christ tonight, the Holy Spirit. He's the same. And you are... He's the vine and you're the branches. Have faith in Him. And if He will identify Himself tonight, being among us... Now, if He stood here with scars, that would be a human being, that's flesh. Anybody can impersonate that. A human being can disfigure himself or maybe... We don't know what Jesus looked like. We just got the artist's idea, the psychology of it, what He looked like. Hofmann had one kind, Sallman another, and how many more? But how would you know Him? It would be his life. Because if a man stood here with thorns, prints in his hand, and whatever more, that would be an impostor. 'Cause when Jesus, Himself, comes, "Every eye shall see Him, every knee shall bow, and every tongue confess it."

```
Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

Philippians 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

```
**86** But his Spirit is here, see. And if we can just let our own mind drift into his, let the mind that was in Christ be in you. He is the Word. And the Bible said the Word of God which... How many knows that Jesus was the Word? And the Bible (Hebrews 4), and the Bible said, "It's sharper than a two-edged sword, and a discerner of the thoughts of the heart." Now that's what was in Solomon: the Word, God, because he could discern their thoughts. That was in Jesus. See, that's what's here now, same thing. Now you out there, I ain't going to call no prayer line, 'cause I'm going to make an altar call. And there might be some here that's never been in one of the meetings. I don't see a person in the building that I know.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Philippians 2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**87** Someone was telling me that it was about thirty last night, or better, called. Do you realize that one time a woman touched his garment, He turned around, and the same thing taken place, and virtue went out of Him? Him, the Son of God? But He said, "Greater than this shall you do, for I go to the Father." Now, you just believe and have faith, each one of you, all around here in these cots, stretchers, wherever you are. Believe. Don't think you're hopeless.

**88** Now, if I could heal you, I'd do it. But I cannot heal you. I can lay hands upon you, and I intend to do that, to every one having them cards. And they give out cards every day. So, I intend to do that. But that isn't ... that's just to signify that I believe with you. But look, why don't you just touch Him? The Bible said He's the high priest, right now, that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Is that right? Well, if He is a high priest, then He would certainly act in the same way He did then, would He not? He certainly would act the same way He did then. All right. Now, you touch Him by faith.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**89** Now Heavenly Father, the meeting is yours. But I have talked tonight on this little woman seeing something real, when she seen that Spirit of discernment upon Solomon. And we are sure, Lord, that your words are true. You said that would return again, like it was in the days of Sodom, just before the coming. And You was the same yesterday, today, and forever. The works that You did, we'd do also. And You're a high priest tonight, that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. How much more do we need? How much did those Jews need to see that He was a prophet, a virgin conceived, and all these things? But they ... their creeds blinded them. Lord, there's some here come like ... maybe not from Sheba, but they've come from many places. I pray, God, that You'll identify yourself tonight, real. And then identify yourself in them, as the instinct of that mother and that little deer did that day. We are yours, Father. Speak to us. In Jesus' name. Amen.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**90** Now, I want you to have faith and believe, each one of you, all around everywhere, and just pray. Now don't... Just look, and pray now. Just believe. See, this might not ... the Holy Spirit might not be pleased with doing this. If He doesn't, I'll call up the prayer line. But just stand here, somebody out there, even if you... I don't want you with prayer cards, just anybody. Just pray. 'Course I wouldn't know, but you just pray, and see. Just say, "Lord Jesus, I know that man don't know me. He knows nothing about me. But I know that I do believe."

**91** Your faith is unconscious. Don't press now, jump; you jump away from it. It's right with you. Just relax yourself, and believe. Just believe. Now have faith. [The following prophecy is delivered from somewhere in the audience: I, the Lord Jesus Christ, speak unto my people. I say unto thee, Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. And yea, come forward and confess thy sins. And yea, I, the Lord Jesus Christ, shall forgive thee of all thine iniquities. And yea, I show thee a more perfect way. For yea, ye shall be held accountable for every unspoken word, and every idle word on the great and notable day of the judgment. Yea, I say unto thee, my children, make a crooked path straight, and yea, I, the Lord thy God, shall confirm my Word with signs following. I, the Lord Jesus Christ, have spoken.] Amen. Be real reverent. Just have faith. Just believe. Sometimes your faith is unconscious. You have it, and you don't know it. That little woman had it; she didn't know it.

**92** How many of you've ever seen the picture of that angel of the Lord, that light? It's taken right here in Texas. It's been taken all over the world now, but... What do you think, sir? Do you believe, sitting right here at the corner? Looked like you were looking so eagerly. Have many things wrong with you. You have complications, many things. Now, when I said that, a real strange feeling come to you, didn't it? If that's right, raise up your hand. I'm a total stranger to you. I don't know you. That's right. You know what? That light just settled right down over you, see. That's what you felt. Kind of a real sweet feeling? I was watching it, see, come right down.

**93** Now, yes, you're here. You want to be prayed for before you leave the building. If God will reveal to me what your trouble is, and you sitting there, and me here, would you believe it to be God? It's a hernia, one of your great things. That's right. Is that right? If God will tell me who you are, what your name is---you got a good contact with Him now---will you believe me to be his prophet, or his servant, excuse me. That's a stumbling block to a lot. Do you believe it? Your name is Mr. Sturgeon. If that's right, raise your hand. Believe now, and be healed.

**94** Here's a little lady sitting right back there, dark headed, right out here in the aisle. Yes, you. You was amazed when that was said. Now, right at this time you begin to feel kind of strange, see ---real sweet, like something around you. If anyone will look, if you could see it, kind of an amber-looking light coming down upon the little lady. Now what her trouble is, she has headaches that bothers her real bad. That is right. If that's right, raise up your hand like that. And I never seen her in my life. That's true. That's right. Headaches bothers her, like a migraine. But they're going to leave you. Amen. You believe. Now, there there's a man sitting right next to you there, and he's looking right at me so earnestly. And that light is moving right over towards him. And the man is suffering trouble with his eyes. But if he'll believe, God will heal the eyes and make them well. Do you believe? All right. I never seen you in my life. You're a stranger to me.

**95** Say, that young fellow sitting right next to you there, also he suffers with trouble with his head. That's right. That's right. I never seen the man in my life, God knows it. All right. Do you believe? The man sitting right next to you, with glasses on, looking this a-way. Yes. You're wearing glasses, but that really isn't your trouble. You got something wrong with your back, that you're wanting to be prayed for. If that's right, wave your hand. All right. That young fellow sitting right next to you, there, right next to you. He's had a lot of troubles, that young man has. Yes, sir, with the red tie on. You've had a lot of troubles in your family, and things. Kind of ... your wife's a nervous type of a person. And you're suffering with some kind of a pressure in your head, also. That's thus saith the Lord. That is true. That's right. You just believe. Don't you doubt, but you believe.

**96** Here's a woman sitting right back here. Don't you see that light move back there, and settle down right here? She's suffering with a eye trouble, and her bladder. Oh, she's going to miss it. Lord God, help me. Her name is Miss Chambers. Believe with all your heart, Mrs. Chambers. Raise up to your feet. Raise up, so that the people see who you are. I ... a stranger, never seen her in my life. It's over now. Jesus Christ makes you well. Now, if that isn't Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, where is He? Did He promise to do it? All that believes it, raise up your hand! All right.

**97** Do you want to be a real Christian, you that raised your hand a while ago, like that old mother deer was? While the Holy Spirit's here, and the anointing is all over us, why don't you just make your way, and come stand right here at the altar, just a minute? If you're seeking God for salvation, will you come here, just come here at this altar, stand here with me just a minute? Raise up. That's it. That's right. God bless you. Anybody in the building, anywhere you're at, will you come? That's right. Come right now, you that wants to find Christ. You'll never be no closer to Him, until you meet Him. He's here. He's identified. Something real. You've joined church---a lot of you church members now---you've joined church, but that's all you have. You want to see something real. If that isn't exactly what Jesus Christ identified Himself to be...

**98** Look at this little child, coming here crying, the tears running down his little face. No wonder. They're tender, they haven't been pulled through everything. Another one coming down the aisle, another one in the back coming down---little children, while the adults has passed theirs by. Won't you come? Come right up here now, stand around the altar. You church members, you people that wants to have an experience of Christ in your heart, won't you come here? If He knows your heart, you know you couldn't hide it. Won't you come right now, and stand here just before we go further. Come here, stand here for a word of prayer, will you do it? Come, show ... stand for Him. You stand for Him. If you're ashamed of Him now, He'll be ashamed of you there. Remember, He is here. The Scripture said this would happen. Here He is, identifying Himself as being here. If you're a church member and don't know Christ as a real experience, won't you come at this time? Now, I'm not much to persuade people. Only thing I can say is tell you the truth, and if Christ's presence plus his Word being made manifest...

**99** Up in the balcony, you that raised your hands, sister, brother, if you want to come down, we're going to wait right here. Come right on down and gather 'round the altar, just for a word of prayer. Let the world know, let Jesus know that here, that you're not ashamed. You want to be a real Christian. Won't you come? While we're just waiting a moment or two, church member, lukewarm backslider, why don't you come stand along with them now? Come here and stand along... You who haven't ... if you haven't got an experience with God, that you're born into the kingdom of God like that...

**100** What more do you want to see? Remember, I tell you in the name of the Lord, if you regard me to be his servant, this is the last sign that the church will see according to the Scripture. That's the last thing that Abraham seen done, before the promised son arrived. And we are the royal seed of Abraham. And Jesus promised the royal seed to see the same thing that Abraham seen, just before the Gentile world burned. Don't put off for something else, Satan trying to get you to look over. Come now, while: There is a fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Immanuel's veins. Where sinners plunge beneath the flood, Lose all their guilty stains. The dying thief rejoiced to see That fountain in his day; There may I, though vile as he, Wash all my sins away. Won't you come, and accept it now? I'm waiting just a moment. Somebody else might come and stand here for prayer.

**101** Now, I'm going to ask ministers here, brethren, come down and stand with me around while we pray. And ministers out there who's concerned, and some of these people in your neighborhood that would come to your church, or something, if you're interested in souls coming to Christ, and you believe this to be Jesus Christ... Now, remember, I am not Jesus Christ. I am your brother, a sinner saved by grace. I'm like you are. But it's Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, that's here with us, keeping his Word. He don't have to do this. But He promised He would do it. Jesus didn't have to heal the sick, but the Bible said He did it that it might be fulfilled which was promised of Him. Now we don't care what brand of church that you belong to, if you believe that Jesus Christ is present, you believe that there's a borned again experience of the baptism of the Holy Spirit,

```
Matthew 8:17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.

```
**102** ministers move right up in among these people here. Come right up among them, laying your hands on them. We're going to offer prayer for them. I'm asking the congregation to be just as reverent as you can for a few moments. How do we know what the Holy Spirit will do? That's it, move right in, mingle yourself right with the people. Come right around each one. Now, remember, there's only one thing you can do, is accept what He has promised you. Have you seen the reality of the resurrection of Christ? Now, I'm going to ask the congregation if they'll stand just a minute in reverence and respects. Each one of you believe now, confess all that you've done. That's all you can do. And then ask God to forgive you, and accept it. Believe it. Now let every one pray in your own way.

**103** Our heavenly Father, we come to You with penitent souls. How the little story about that mother deer struck down deep, that people wanted to do something, or see something real, like the Queen of the South, who came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon. And a greater than Solomon is here, the Saviour of mankind, Jesus Christ of Nazareth. Save them, Father. Forgive their sins. Wash their souls in the blood of the Lamb, and give them an experience of being born a Christian. No other animal, no nothing else could have done that but the mother deer. That's what she was. Give us that experience, Lord, now, of a born-again experience in the kingdom of God, while the Holy Spirit is here. Grant it, Lord. Grant it, Lord.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**104** Now, close your eyes, raise up your hands, and say ... make your confession saying, "Jesus, I now believe. Take me as I am. There's no more I can do. Heal my sick body. Take me, Lord. I believe You're here. The Holy Spirit is here identifying itself. Save me by thy grace, Lord. That's all I know how to do. Through Jesus Christ's name."
