---
Date: 1964-01-20
Title: His unfailing words of promise
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: the Ramada Inn in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 14 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# His unfailing words of promise



**1** ...morning so we can all get in the attitude of prayer for the sick. And now we want to also be in prayer for the oncoming Businessmen's convention here, which begins next Thursday evening. They're going to have some fine speakers at this con... [Gap in the audio.] Tucson, course, I live in Tucson now. This is my second year there. And as I always said, "I'm living up at Jerusalem." I couldn't make a policeman (last night he give me a ticket) believe that that was Jerusalem. I was on the road going up here at Apache Junction, and one of my lights went off, the headlight, the dimmer. And I was trying to make it to a filling station, and the other one went off. And I happened to look behind me, and I seen his red light. He stopped me, and he said, "You know what I stopped you for?" I said, "Yes, sir, one of them lights is out." He said, "That's right. You know it's a violation to do that?" I said, "Yes, sir, but I couldn't get to a station. I didn't find any. I was trying to find one." He said, "Where you from?" I said, "Jerusalem." He said, "Where? Where?" I said, "Jerusalem." I said, "I'm..." He looked at my license, said, "You a minister?" I said, "Yes, sir." I said, "I'm from Jerusalem." Said, "Where is that, across the sea?" I said, "No, sir. It's up on the hill here, called Tucson, you call it that." I said, "I've been down in Jericho here, ministering in the valley." It's a wonder he didn't really give me a ticket then, really. But he give me a little, "Hurry up and get it fixed, or..." [Gap in the audio.]

**2** Lord Jesus, we commit ourselves to You, for this service. I remember all the things that You have told me, and all the things that You've done before the people; to this we give praise and glory. But I remember last fall, coming down, about five hundred miles north of here, when You showed me that mountain, and said, "Go back and pray for the sick people, until the time comes." And here I am, Lord. Not to these people ... hear me, I'm not praying to them; I'm praying to You. And I'm here at Your service tonight, to do just as You command me. Help me now, Father, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's turn in the Bible now, to the book of St. Matthew, for a text. And let's read St. Matthew, the twenty-fourth chapter, and the thirty-second and the thirty-fifth verse, inclusive. Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When its branches is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, you know that summer is nigh: So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the door. Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled. Heavens and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

```
Matthew 24:32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:

Matthew 24:33 So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.

Matthew 24:34 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.

Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

```
**3** I would like to take a little text out of there, on this: His Unfailing Words Of Promise. Our faith is based right here, on the unfailing Word of promise. Men, through the ages, has trusted in this, in the promises of God. Now, if you ever, in your life, ever come into a healing service and wanted to pay all the attention that you could, I want you to do it now. We want to see the Lord glorified. And I truly believe that every word of God, every promise that He made, is true. And it's to anybody who will accept it. And now there is some who try to accept it, and cannot. There's others who can accept it. And some get it without half trying. Now, that... We have to preach the Gospel that "healing is to all," yet we know it's not. It is to all if they can receive it, but we know that they all cannot receive it. I just want to be as honest with you as I know how to be.

**4** We have to preach salvation the same way, that "salvation is for all," but we know that all cannot receive it. All men cannot see these things. Jesus said, "Blessed are your eyes that can see, your understanding, for there's many that cannot understand it." And divine healing is for people who believe. But, you cannot believe until something is within you to make you believe. "And then if the works had been done," Jesus said, "in Sodom and Gomorrah, that had been done in the city of Capernaum and those cities" that He had passed through, He said, "they would've been standing till this day." And I say: If the works, the mighty works that's been done in Phoenix, would have been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day, and would not have been in the bottom of the Salt ... of the Dead Sea.

```
Matthew 11:23 And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.

Luke 10:23 And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see:

```
**5** Now, it's because that all men grasp for it, all that's sick. But if they'd just stop a minute, and try to consider what the Word means. Faith is by hearing the Word, the Word of promise. If you don't have a promise, then you venture out upon your own faith. But, if you can take a promise of God, that's God's promise to you. The woman that touched His garment had no promise of that. But her faith, without a promise, got her healing. Now, if she could get her healing by her faith, without a promise in what she was doing, how much more ought we to get our healing by faith in a promise that God is manifesting and vindicating before us, and has brought it to us by His Word, come around and confirmed His Word!

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**6** Look at these little babies I've just dedicated. Both of them, a miracle from God, passed medical understanding, see. Just think of the things that's been done. Now, is God a respect of person? Certainly not. If He heals one, He will heal the other. There is only one thing you have to do, is to appropriate that faith. And that faith is something that you know; not something you plunder at, guess at. You know it. Something happens. Now, through the ages, people has rested upon this. The reason I took this text here for these few minutes, is because that He said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my words shall not pass away." And He had made a promise here, that that generation, they would... Said, "This generation shall not pass until all these things be fulfilled."

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:30 Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:32 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Acts 10:34 Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:

```
**7** If there would happen to be an unbeliever sitting present, that's one of the greatest stumbling blocks that the unbeliever ever caught into. They think that Jesus was referring to the generation He was talking to. Now to straighten that out, so we can get to the text... They asked Him three questions. If you'll notice back in the 24th, the beginning of the 24th chapter here, we read these words. And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him ... to show him the building of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. Now, that was when He was still in the city, at the temple. All right. And as he sat upon the mount... He left from the temple, and went up on top of the mountain, Mount Olive. ...sat upon ... mount ... Olives, his disciples came to him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? ... what shall be the sign of thy coming, and the sign of the end of the world?

```
Matthew 24:1 And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple.

Matthew 24:2 And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.

Matthew 24:3 And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?

```
**8** They asked Him three questions, and He answers them as they asked Him. Three questions, see. First, "When will there be time one stone won't be left upon another?" And, "What will be the sign of Your coming?" And, "What is the end of the world?" Three questions. And He answers three questions. Great students today place that first question, when He said, "Pray that your flight be not in the wintertime, nor on the Sabbath day," they place that to a future date, of the coming of the Lord at the end of the world. That taken place in A.D. 70, when the great Roman soldier, or great army, Titus and his group come up there, the great general of Rome, besieged the walls as Jesus had foretold them. "And see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then let him which is in the field don't come back into the city again." Now what good would it do...

```
Matthew 24:3 And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?

Matthew 24:18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes.

Matthew 24:20 But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:

Mark 13:4 Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled?

Mark 13:16 And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment.

Mark 13:18 And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter.

Luke 21:7 And they asked him, saying, Master, but when shall these things be? and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass?

```
**9** And some people try to support their doctrine upon that, that people will still be living in the Sabbath hours, keeping the Sabbath days, when He comes. Well, if the coming is universal, you couldn't be keeping the Sabbath; for one side, it's the Sabbath day, and the next day is a day past the Sabbath. See, so it isn't... The Sabbath-keeping was for a people in the wilderness, not for the universal church, see. And all these different things, they take those Scriptures without having the Holy Spirit to divide them rightly and show what they are. But here is what Jesus was speaking, to my most humble opinion, was that He said that "This generation," in other words, "the generation that saw the fig tree putting forth his buds." See, He says here, "And when the fig tree is beginning, is tender, and putteth forth its ... his branches, you say summer is nigh. Likewise, see, when you see all these things, know the time. When you see all these three questions fulfilled, the time is at the door. That generation that sees the fig tree!" And the fig tree is always "Israel." "And when Israel goes back to her homeland and becomes a nation, that generation will not pass away until these things are all fulfilled." And Christian friends, tonight, in this great scruple in the Scriptures, that people think is scrupled, we are now living to see the very... Everything that He has said here is fulfilled, just the next thing for His coming...

```
Matthew 24:32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:

Matthew 24:33 So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.

Matthew 24:34 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.

Mark 13:28 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:

Mark 13:29 So ye in like manner, when ye shall see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors.

Mark 13:30 Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.

Luke 21:29 And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;

Luke 21:30 When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.

Luke 21:31 So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand.

Luke 21:32 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled.

```
**10** Israel is in her homeland. She is her own nation. She's got her own money, own flag, a member of the U.N.. She is just a nation; the first time, for about twenty-five hundred years, since she has been a nation. And Jesus promised that the generation... And, in the Bible, a generation is allotted to forty years. From the time that Israel become a nation, until forty years, somewhere within that time, He will come. And if that is true, then that brings the coming. Well, and another thing, every two thousand years, something has happened on the earth, and politics and everything give out, God had to send help from heaven. And the first two thousand years, the world was destroyed with water; the second two thousand years, Christ come; and this is 1964, and they claim that we're seventeen years short on that.

**11** Now you see it's at the door. The next thing is, watching for the coming of the Lord. All the other signs are blending right in with it. So that's why, tonight, that I try to get the people to stay exactly on the promised Word. Just what the Word says, stay right with that. Now, when I come to Christ, I knowed I had to have a foundation somewhere to stand on. I was ordained in the Missionary Baptist church. Then when I seen the doctrine of the Missionary Baptist church was so contrary to the Scripture, then I could not base my hopes upon the doctrine of the Missionary Baptist church. Then I thought I would go over to my mother's church; she was Methodist. And I thought I would go over there. I found again. So I knowed that if Jesus come for the Methodist people, He'd sure leave the Baptists. If He come for the Baptists, He'd leave the Methodists. But I found, in both groups, fine people. And I knowed if He come for a church, which church would He come for, nine hundred and something different organizations? He isn't going to judge people by the church.

**12** He is going to judge the people by Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ is the Word. St. John, the 1st chapter, said, "In the beginning was the Word." When God... In the beginning, before it was a word, it was a thought. "And then in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." It was all God. And then as God gave out His Word, what would be, predestinated His church, before the foundation of the world, "It would appear before Him, without spot or wrinkle." And the timepiece is moving right on down. And it will be there, a church, glorious church, without spot or wrinkle. I'm trusting that we're all, here tonight, members of that church. And there's only one way to enter that church, not by any denomination, you enter it by new birth. And you say, "Well, I believe that." And if you do, then you will punctuate every word of this Bible with an "Amen," everything the Bible says; because it is Christ, and you are a part of Christ, and the Holy Spirit revealing this truth. Each age has had its allotment of Word to be fulfilled.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

Ephesians 5:27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.

```
**13** God always sends a prophet. The Word comes to the prophet; the written Word, a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. Did you always notice? The prophet, being that he knowed that he was a prophet, is because that the Word of God discerns the thought that's in the heart, foretells things, forth-teller and teller-forth. Did you ever take the dictionary, the old Hebrew dictionary, and see what the word seer means? It's the one that has the divine revelation of the written Word. And how it's vindicated, he foresees things that he foretells, and they come to pass. Now, how does that type in with the Scripture? Just exactly. "If there be one among you, who is spiritual or a prophet, I the Lord will make myself known to him, speak to him in visions. And if these things comes to pass, then it's God. If they don't come to pass, then don't hear him;" don't fear him at all, but just ignore it. But God's Word is always right. Therefore, that's how they knew of the man that was speaking, whether he had the right revelation of the Word, or not ---the divine Word that's written---is because he had the Word of the Lord come to him. Now we stay there, we place ourselves and our confidence upon this Word.

```
Numbers 12:6 And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

Deuteronomy 18:22 When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.

Jeremiah 28:9 The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**14** You say, "Brother Branham, in the Old Testament, that was prophets." God, in the Bible, Hebrews, the 1st chapter, said, "God, in sundry times, in divers manners spake to the fathers by the prophets; in this last day has spoke through His Son, Jesus Christ." See, it's Jesus Christ. And Jesus is the Word, see, reveals His Word by Jesus Christ. The Word reveals itself, it makes the Word live. That's where the people fail to recognize Him. That's how the little woman at the well did recognize Him. Why, she knew it quickly. As soon as He told her something was about herself, she said, "Sir, I perceive you're a prophet. Now, we know the Messiah is coming. And when He comes, He'll tell us these things, show us all things. He said, "I am He that speaks to you." How could she deny His claim, when the work was done first? The work was vindicated first, that He was that prophet. They hadn't had prophets for hundreds of years. And this man had to be a prophet; and saying, by vindicating Himself, that He was that promised Messiah. No wonder that little woman could run into the city, and say, "Come, see a man who has told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah, the very Messiah?" Now we believe that, that God, in the ages that He has 'lotted His Word for, that Word is going to be revealed in its truth. It's going to be vindicated, because God promised it so. And it's always true.

```
John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

```
**15** Noah. it was hard for the people to understand Noah in his days. He heard God speak. He knew it was the Word, because he was God's prophet. God sent him forth to claim a great flood coming. He built away on the ark, in the time of criticism. Made no difference to Noah, how many criticized. He was the light of that day. He was the Word of God manifested for that day; for God destroyed the people. Moses, a great, highly polished theologian, great man, born to be a prophet; yet, in all of his theology and his book knowledge of God, could not deliver the children of Israel by knowledge. You see, the prophet cannot go by knowledge. He's got to go by inspiration. Inspiration! And when the Word of the Lord came to him in the wilderness, in a burning bush, and told him and revealed to him the Words that He had spoke to Abraham. What was He doing? Showing him the written Word of that hour, and then called Moses for the work. And he was afraid, with an army, to try to deliver Israel; and then goes down with a stick in his hand, and delivers Israel. God does it so mysteriously, that just simply sets the carnal mind plum out of its orbit. It can't think no more. Did you ever notice?

**16** John the Baptist, standing in the water, he was a prophet, the forerunner, between the prophets and the coming Son of God. John walked out into the water, and he said... He wasn't afraid to tell the people, "There is standing somebody among you now!" Just think of the assurance that he had! "There is standing one among you right now, who you know not. His shoes I am not worthy to bear. He will be the one that will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire." He was in the midst of the people then. John knew He had to come in his generation, because he seen his position in the Scripture, seen the Spirit of God upon Him. "I send my messenger before my face, to prepare the way." And he knew the coming of the Messiah was at hand. So while the prophet was standing in the water, prophesying, the Word came to him. Jesus was the Word! That's how the prophet knew Him, for it was the Word, with the sign that had been given him. "I knew Him, because He that told me, in the wilderness, 'Go, baptize with water,' said, 'Upon whom thou shall see the Spirit descending, and remaining on, He will baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire.'" And when the Word came, the sign came with the Word, into the water.

```
Malachi 3:1 Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts.

Matthew 3:11 I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:

Matthew 11:10 For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

Luke 3:16 John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:

```
**17** Jesus Himself, when He came, He knew He was the Word. He was positive of that. For when He was just twelve years old, a little boy, we find Him (like I was speaking yesterday) in the temple, debating with the priests. His knowledge could surpass their traditions, and He was teaching them, them men. And when His own mother come to Him, and said a word that was wrong, watch the Word correct the error. The Word always corrects the error. And if people could only see it today, the Word corrects the error! The whole thing is becoming an error. But God's Word is what is right. He said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my Word shall not pass away." And the Word that is prophesied for this day, corrects the error of the day. You understand? The Word itself corrects the error. The people today say, "Oh, let's join this. Let's go to the Council. Let's do all these things." That's an error. And the Word comes back and corrects that error, by identifying itself, the hour, and the time of the hour. Now we know those things are true.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 2:46 And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.

Luke 2:47 And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.

Luke 2:48 And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.

Luke 2:49 And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**18** Now I'm going to give you a little personal testimony in the next ten minutes, the Lord willing, a little personal testimony. That, I believe, if I'm not mistaken, Brother John Sharrit... I don't know whether he is in the building tonight, or not. I haven't seen him. He's a very personal friend, precious brother; He was with me in the early part of the ministry. How many was here when I first come to Phoenix, sixteen years ago? Let's see your hands. Just look at there, practically a third of the people. How many of you remember that, in praying for the sick, I would hold out my hand, the people would lay their hands on me; and then, whatever spoke, was what they had. How many remembers that?

**19** And how many of you remember that I told you that the Angel of the Lord, in that pillar of fire, that met me up there, and told me, if I'd be sincere, it would come to pass that I would know the very secret of the heart. How many remembers that, said it would be that way? Now, how many remembers that He promised that it would continue on? And, not long ago, for a vision, He promised about that pull of that line, said, "You can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things." And when I made the third pull, He said, "Now don't tell nobody about this. You've been trying to explain that other. Don't tell nobody about this. This is the great and final pull." How many remembers that being predicted? See, He never fails. Those things happened, one, two, three, just like they were.

**20** Now, in Phoenix, that was during the time that Mrs. Waldrop here had died in a prayer line, with cancer in her heart, and was healed. She usually comes to the meetings. She is probably here now. And then... Mrs. Hattie Waldrop. Then we find out that her doctor had the testimony of it, give the photographs, or not the... What you call it, x-rays? X-rays of it, where the woman had the cancer. And she is living today. And that's sixteen years ago. Now I'm quite sure that mister... Yes, there is Mrs. Waldrop, right there now. That's right. [Someone says, "That's been seventeen years, this March."] That's seventeen years, this March. There is a lady that was dead, and come to life again, with cancer in her heart. Because, it was "Thus saith the Lord." Now notice them times.

**21** I went to California, and I believe that Brother John Sharrit was with me then. I was thinking today, thinking on it, coming up here. I'm pretty sure he was. And wife and I... And my Rebekah, a young woman now, graduating this year; she was a little baby, I was packing her in my arms. And we went to ... went over to Catalina, was going to Catalina after the meeting was over, just take the boat over and come back, just to say we was on the sea. And the night before we left, or night or two... Paul Malicki, most all of you know him. Paul Malicki, I believe he's... [A brother says, "Madera."] Where? ["Madera."] Madera, California. His mother, father, both had been healed in the meetings. I flew out here by plane to visit them, and they were healed.

**22** Paul's wife had just give birth to a baby. A fine people, Armenian, and they called down there and asked... The wife was sick and wanted to bring her down. I said, "All right, come on down." So, they brought her down there. And that night... She, and my wife and I, and it might've been Brother Sharrit. I'm not sure. Is Brother Sharrit here? If he was... Was that right, Brother Sharrit, was you there that night? That's right. There is the witness. I was looking to see Brother John, and see if he was here. Now she laid her hand upon mine, and quickly it buzzed. "And, look, she has life to kill her, an evil life." And I said, "You have milk leg." Well, she had no symptoms of it then. But a couple days afterwards, the doctor was doctoring her for milk leg. She said, "That's marvelous, Brother Branham." Now I'm going to have to say some things here that's going to be scratchy. But I must tell the truth, no matter what it is. I've always hated to say that my father was a bootlegger. I hate to say that, but it's the truth. If there is anything wrong, let's straighten it right here, don't wait till we get up there. And I like to say the good things, but we must say the bad ones, too.

**23** My wife was in the room, a little, black-headed woman. And Mrs. Malicki said, "That's strange, how that acts on your hand." Said, "Does it do that on everybody's hand?" I said, "No, ma'am." Said, "Can you explain it?" I said, "No, ma'am." No, you can't explain nothing of God. You can't explain the works of God. You can't explain God. God is without explaining. If it was, we wouldn't have to believe Him by faith. I said, "The works of God are past finding out, see." I said, "It's an act of God, that I cannot explain." And she said, "Well, that's certainly marvelous." And, and I said, "Well, I'll put my hand on. You see there, nothing happens." I said, "There is nothing wrong with my wife." Put your hand on, honey." And just as soon as her hand hit mine---my own wife---I said, "You got a cyst on the left ovary." Remember that, Brother Sharrit, in the room that night?

**24** Well, two years after that, my little Sarah was born, four years after Becky. I said to the doctor... They all have to be cesarean, because she can't have babies normal; she was the same way, her family is that way. And I said to the doctor, "Look on the left ovary, and when you have her open, and see if there isn't a cyst on it." He said, "Brother Branham, I'll take a look." But when he come back down, he said, "I didn't see nothing, Brother Branham." I said, "All right." Four years later, my little Joseph come on the scene. And I'd take a hold of her hand, it was still there. And I said, "Doctor, look at that left ovary again, will you?" And he said, "Yes, Brother Branham." He looked at it, and it... "No, nothing there," he said. I took a hold of her hand. I said, "But it is there. It is there. Here, it proves it here." He couldn't find it. Well, it went on, years passed by.

**25** Last year, it was our twenty-second year we've been married. And I had been on a hunting trip, every honeymoon. And I always go to a little place up there on top of the mountain, and I have a little prayer up there, and offer God my thanksgiving for a good wife. My wife has been a darling to me, and so I do that each year. And we come over here in Arizona by the commandment of the Lord. And you seen in the paper, and I had the little picture here, was showing it to somebody this afternoon, how the magazine packed it. And I stood right here on this platform, and told every person here, "Thus saith the Lord, 'Something is fixing to take place. I seen a constellation of seven angels meet me, north of Tucson.'" You remember that? How many was in here when I said that years ago? All right. And you know just exactly how it happened, the same way.

**26** The magazine even packed the picture, "Seen a mysterious light, twenty-seven miles high; thirty miles high, and twenty-seven miles across." Moisture only goes about eight or nine miles high, you know, and they can't figure out what it was. I never said a word about it, just let it go; because, it don't do one bit of good, not one. Just the same as it did about the light that they taken, the Angel of the Lord, they still don't believe it. And now, so when we come out here, I constantly in meetings, doing everything I can for the Lord. But I don't do all that I should, I know that; I make so many mistakes. And my wife has had to be both mother and daddy, both, for those children, because I'm away. And her decision... A father and mother should agree upon their decisions for their children. But I'm not there, I'm in the service of the Lord. And my wife now is forty-four years old, just ten years younger than I. And I come in from one of the meetings, and I was tired. Been about a little over (about) two years ago, I guess, when we come out here. And I had been out, I was real tired.

**27** And my little boy, Joseph, he is just strictly a boy, and running out in school where he hears everything. One day when I come in, he said something another, and sassed his mother. And then he run to me. Now, he knowed he'd get a licking from her. So she said to me, she said, "Billy, give him a whipping." And he put his arms around me, said, "Daddy, I'm so sorry." He knowed my soft spot. And so, "Oh," I said, "honey, let's forget it. I can't..." And for the wife and I, with this Bible before me, has never had a word in our life. But all at once, being in that nervous time of life, she slammed the door right in my face. And she said, "Then you should take care of him a while," and slammed the door, and went in. I thought, "Poor little fellow! My, she has all that to go through, herself." I walked on out, and I said, "Joseph, come on," I said. Took him. I said, "Daddy should give you a licking. You know that. But," I said, "being that you repented. See? But, remember, my patience is going to run out one of these days. And that repenting, you've got to bring forth fruit meets for repentance, and prove to me that you really mean it, see. If you love me, then you'll mind me."

**28** And so I went on out, and I said, "I'll wash the dust off my windshield of my car." And I started out to wash that windshield. And, as I did, a voice said, "Turn, and tell her to read II Chronicles 22." I thought, "I just... I don't know how I ever thought that. I thought, "Well, I just imagined that." Kept on washing. And again it come, real loud, "Go, tell her!" Well, it scared me. I went in and read it. You know what it is? It's when Miriam made fun of Moses, about marrying an Ethiopian girl. And God said, "It was better that your father spit in your face, than to do that," see. And He called them in, said, "Go, get Miriam, she is struck with leprosy." Said, "Go, get Miriam." And Moses... And the pillar of fire came down into the tabernacle. And Moses stood there, And God talked to them. He said, "If there be one among you, whose is spiritual or a prophet, I the Lord will make myself known to him. I will speak to him in visions, reveal dreams, and so forth." He said, "But my servant, Moses, there is none like him in the land." He said, "Didn't he fear God?" And Miriam, being the prophetess, was stricken with leprosy. And Moses interceded for her, and she lived.

```
Numbers 12:1 And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.

Numbers 12:4 And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out.

Numbers 12:5 And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth.

Numbers 12:6 And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

Numbers 12:7 My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house.

Numbers 12:10 And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle; and, behold, Miriam became leprous, white as snow: and Aaron looked upon Miriam, and, behold, she was leprous.

Numbers 12:13 And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee.

Numbers 12:14 And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again.

```
**29** Then, that scared me. I had forgot. Me, I didn't notice it, but He did. He was the One that noticed it. That was my wife, I would die anytime for her. But God noticed it. Now this is the truth, my Bible laying here in front of me. And I went in. And she had went into the room and shut the door, and was sewing on the sewing machine. And I knocked on the door, and I said, "Sweetheart, I want to talk to you a minute." She said, "What do you want?" I said, "Honey, open the door right away. I got a word from the Lord." That kind of sobered her up a little, so she opened the door. And we come in. And I said, "Sweetheart, now you know, as much as I love you, I never thought nothing about that." She said, "Well, Bill, if... I'm so nervous!" I said, "I know. But He didn't like that. That didn't please Him. He told me right there in the tree, that tree there, that little palm tree in front of the house there, come in here and 'read this Scripture' to you." And I read it.

**30** So help me, within a few days, she took a pain in the left side. We had to go home. And it kept getting worse. I prayed for her. Kept getting worse. I took her over to my doctor friend in Louisville, Dr. Schoen, specialist. He examined her, said, "Mrs. Branham, tell Brother Branham I want to see him." She said, "Doctor, what did you find?" Said, "I'd rather tell him." So Meda called me, and I come over. And he said, "Brother Branham, she's got a cyst on the left ovary, about the size of a walnut." And I went back home with her, and I said, "You remember?" She said, "That happened with Brother Sharrit, if I'm not mistaken, over there in California. You've told me that for sixteen years now." I said, "That's right. Now it's just showing up." She said, "Bill, you think it was what I did that morning?" I said, "I don't know, honey, I just can't say." Well, we put our arms around one another and started weeping before the Lord. I went in the room and I prayed for her with all my heart. Dr. Schoen, I called him back, I said, "Doc, what should we do?" He said, "Should come out of there." And I said, "Just let it go a little bit." He said, "I tell you, Brother Branham, maybe I better send you up to a female specialist, with her, a good friend. He's a Christian, too." I said, "Well, what about you, Doc?" He wanted to get it off his own hand, see. He said, "I'll send you up there." He loved me, and he respected my work for the Lord. And he told this other doctor about it.

**31** And I took her up there. And they examined it, and then drawed a diagram of it; drawed a diagram and just what size it was. Said, "Bring her back in about thirty days." In thirty days, I brought her back, and it changed from a walnut to a lemon, that quick. And all those years, it laid like that. Then the Lord spoke to me, and sent me back again, I come back out here. Then when we went back on our other vacation, they took another x-ray of it; it was the size of an orange. He said, "Mr. Branham, I sure appreciate your faith in Almighty God." He said, "I'm a Christian, too. Dr. Schoen tells me that you're a faith healer." I said, "He just didn't understand. I'm not a faith healer." I said, "I just believe God." And I said, "We understand this case." And he said, "Mr. Branham, you got a fine wife." I said, "How well I know it!" Said, "If that gets soft, it'll go malignant, and then you ain't going to have no wife." And I said, "I realize that, doctor." Said, "Are you against it being taken out?" I said, "No, sir. But," I said, "we have a reason. Just let it go a little while longer, won't you?"

**32** And he said, "Well, I'll tell you." Said, "They say you're living in Tucson now." He told me the specialist, said, "He's a friend of mine." Said, "I moved to Tucson, and tried to live there, once." He said, "It was a little too dry for me." Said, "This man is the best there is, west of the Mississippi." So he said, "I'm going to send the x-rays and diagram, and all, over to him." So, he sent it down to Tucson. And the man, when he got over here, thirty days more, we took another look at it, the man did. And he said, "It's the size of a grapefruit, getting real big. It must come out, at once." Well, I had to go. I went up north, and went on my vacation. Come back, and went to New York, to New York City, to Morris Auditorium, for a revival. On the road back, I had to stop in Louisiana, at Brother Jack Moore's.

**33** I called the wife, the night going through, and she said, "Honey, tomorrow I've got to go to the doctor's again, for an examination." And she says, "Bill, I haven't been able to move my left leg, this week. It's sticking plum through my dress." Out like this, was swollen out, growing fast. And said, "It's so sore, I can't even put my hands out." Said, "This week I've just had to put one leg out, at a time, and move like that." And I said, "Honey, he is going to want to take it out." And I said, "If he does, it will be right through Christmas time; we can't come back here, back home." And she said, "I know it." She said, "Well, what must we do?" I said, "Well, just tell him, if he'd 'just let it go till after Christmas.' Then we'll have it taken out, immediately after Christmas, because, I want you to come back home again before you go to the hospital." And she said, "Now, I'm going tomorrow, about three o'clock," something like that. And that would be different in our time. She said, "You'll have your first service then in Shreveport, then you call me afterwards." I said, "All right."

**34** A lady friend down there, a very fine Christian woman. They was here Sunday, I don't think they are tonight. They'll come up. Norman, a Mrs. Norman. Would you be here, Mr. and Mrs. Norman? I don't know whether they're here or not, Brother and Sister Norman, from Tucson. She was the one who... I think they can't come every night, so she'll be here tomorrow night, I suppose. Is there a brother ... Sister Norman's brother here? I think he come. Is he here? The family, any of the family here? Oh, yes, sure. There they are, back in the back. All right. She taken the wife over. Now the morning that I left... At our home, we always had to get up, and then we'd go to pray; when we'd leave, we'd take the children and all of us, stand around where there's a picture of Jesus in our front room, Hofmann's Head of Christ at thirty-three. And we would all gather round there, the children, and each one of them would pray for me. The wife would pray for me, and then I'd pray for her. Then I'd go overseas, wherever it is. And we commit ourselves to the Lord, for His service.

**35** You know, I lost a wife once, when I was a boy, Billy's mother. And I had been there in the house for two or three days, and, you know, the kiddies and everybody there, and everybody gone then. It was lonesome. It brought back all those memories. And that morning, early, I got up; Billy and Loyce there was waiting for me. And I knelt down, and pulled this little old stool along, little ottoman. Knelt down, looked up, and I said, "Oh, how I miss them!" I said, "Heavenly Father, I'm on my road now to Shreveport. I pray You'll help me down there. And bless me, give me souls, Lord, for Your kingdom. Use me in any way You wish. I'm in Your hands." I said, "Way across the deserts, is my faithful little wife, waiting this morning. She is going up there to get ready for that operation." I said, "Lord, I told her last night, 'Ask the doctor to put it off till after Christmas.' Did I do wrong? Would that turn malignant? If I did that, and asked her to beg that doctor, 'turn off,' and, between that time, it would go malignant and I'd lose her, I'd never forgive myself for that."

**36** I said, "Lord, I've talked to You now for these two years ... yes, sixteen years, but," I said, "the last two years since that happened." I said, "Father, she has never failed to be a real wife to me. When I get ready to go on the services, never one time did she ever complain, not one time. Always gets my clothes cleaned, and my shirts laundered, and everything, and have them all ready for me. And then when I come home, I'm so tired, I can't... And it's, usually, a woman would want her husband to be with her. And I come in, people crowding in, what do I do? Get off on a hunting trip or a fishing trip. Did she ever complain? Not one time. Go get my clothes ready, and let me go on, 'That's all right.' The poor little fellow, forty-four years old, snow-white-headed, standing between me and the public." I said, "God, she didn't mean that, that morning. She really didn't mean it, Father. Her actions show she didn't mean it. She was just nervous."

**37** So help me, for the fifth time that it's been done! Since the squirrels; and then down in Kentucky; then the Wright children down there; then that storm on the mountain, which I haven't time to tell you tonight; and this time, just as certain! There come that light, hanging down there, and it said, "Stand up on your feet." And I stood up. He said, "Whatever you say, that's the way it'll be." I said, "The hand of God will dissolve the tumor before the doctor's hand can touch it." I'll have Mrs. Norman here tomorrow night. I never called her, it was right... Billy and Loyce was waiting on me. We went on to Shreveport, got around the phone to call her when we got there.

**38** She went to the doctor, and Mrs. Norman had to help her over, and the nurse, in the room, to get her gown on, to come out on the table. And they moved the machines up, with the diagrams and x-rays, and things. He said, "How you been feeling, Mrs. Branham?" He said... And, the doctor... We opened the letter, to see what he wrote in it, to this doctor. Said, "Mrs. Branham is a very fine woman, and her husband is a fine man. He is a faith healer, but he doesn't disagree with you operating. Doctor, it should come out at once!" That's, we had read that, see, "That tumor should be moved at once, or Mrs. Branham will die." And then just as the doctor come out to raise back the sheet, to touch her side, a real cool something swept over her, and the tumor was gone. There is no tumor. And the doctor... She lay there, and he touched, he said, "Mrs. Branham, that tumor was on the left side, wasn't it?" She said, "Yes, sir, it was." So he turned her back under the x-ray machine, he went and got his diagrams, went all through the examination again. He said, "Mrs. Branham, I can't explain it, but that tumor isn't there no more. That tumor is gone."

**39** Now, that's the truth, so help me! God Almighty knows it's the truth, standing here. See, just as it was said! The doctor's hand, she said, wasn't that far from her, until a cool Something swept over her. She could hardly... Had to be helped by Mrs. Norman and them, (and the folks back there can tell you about it), helped up on the table. And the diagram and the x-rays, and everything there, of the tumor. And there wasn't one sign of it. And she has not had a symptom since. And that was about two weeks before Christmas. God still remains true to His Word! "Both heavens and earth will pass away, but my Word shall not pass away." God, who can create squirrels, who can take away tumors, He is still the same God tonight, for it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Do you believe that? Heavenly Father, who is my witness, with this Bible over my heart, knows that word by word of that is as true as I know how to say it. What good would it do me to say something wrong, friends? What am I saying this for? That it might encourage you to believe.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**40** Now, that great gift! Others I've tried to explain and say how it was done. This can't be explained. Just wait. It will not be in operation so perfectly now. Wait till that Council of Churches brings on that persecution, that's when it will happen. That's the reason I come back among you, to pray for the sick. I have never had but one thing that He ever told me in my life that I know that hasn't happened yet, that's some sort of a building or a tent where there will be a little building setting and I'd have to go into that and pray for the sick. That hasn't happened yet as far as I know. That's the only thing that I know. And when He says those words, to say it, the heavenly Father knows that I stand here tonight and He could kill me right here in this platform. Yes, sir, He certainly could do it, and I know that; I'm well aware of that. And I know there is so many stories today that... I ain't responsible for them. I'm only responsible for what I say. I've got to answer for what I say. And that is the truth. And the heavenly Father knows that that is true.

**41** Now will you believe Jesus Christ the Son of God died for your sins, and was wounded for your transgressions, with His stripes you were healed? Do you believe it? In this day, when just looks like everything is black, and dark and dull, but yet Jesus remains the same. Don't you believe that? He is here tonight. I want somebody to rise and tell me anything I ever spoke in the name of the Lord, besides that, but what happened. And how many hundreds of times that you've seen Him say it, it never did fail. What am I trying to tell you? It's totally impossible for a human being to do that. It's Jesus Christ amongst the people. It's Christ among us. Today, when denominations are saying, "Come here, and come there," it's the old trend of some school or something, which is perfectly all right; it has to be there, it's part of the symphony. But, to me, He's a-living tonight, just as powerful and strong, to make every word real, that He did back there. Let us pray.

**42** Lord Jesus, You said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, my Word shall not." That's how the disciples knew that You was who You were, because You discerned the thoughts that was in the heart. The Bible said, in Hebrews 4, that the Word of God is sharper, more powerful than a two-edged sword, even a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. The Word of God in the prophets done the same thing. In all the sages gone by, it did the same thing. In the Lord Jesus Christ, it did the same thing. Father, God, let Your Word speak tonight, that the sick might see that You're interested in their healing, and have healed them, Father, and let them have faith to believe it. In Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**43** Now while the pianist and organist, if you will, softly, real softly, "Only Believe." And, Billy, I forgot to ask you, what numbers did you give out? A, one to a hundred. Let's start standing. A, number one to number five, stand up if you can. If you can't, just raise your hand. Number one to number five. One, two, three, four, I guess that's it, come right over here. One, two, three, four, five, A. While they're coming, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, stand if you can. Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, would you stand up. Prayer cards, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. All right, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen. Come right this way, just keep coming. Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty. Now, the boy comes down, some of them, passes out cards, mixes them all up, we don't know where the numbers are, or nothing. You see him do it, yourself, mixing the cards. He give you what card you want, and you're just called by cards. You don't necessarily have to have a card. Just believe, where you are. You've been in the meetings, you know what it's all about. All right. Where was I, leave off, twenty? [Someone says, "Twenty."] Twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five. All right.

**44** How many is sick and doesn't have a prayer card? Let's see your hands. All right. Anywhere in the building, all right, just believe now. Now what are we trying to say, what are we trying to represent? Jesus Christ. How many understands that? How many knows that in the days of His visitation to us, on earth, that He was God manifested in a body called Jesus, that was God in a man? That's right. Not just a prophet; He was God. And the prophets had their part of the Word, their part of the Word, the part that was give to them for that age. But He was the fullness of the Word. How many knows that? He was the Word itself. Now there is a 'lotted portion of the Word for today. Is that right? That would be Him again. Is that right? So that makes Him the same yesterday, and...

**45** How many we got? Twenty-five, let's just... Now, if we get any farther than that, and you want, there's any time left; I got about twenty minutes, or something. Now remember, if people is in here that's got prayer cards, hold that prayer card. We're going to pray for every person that comes ... gets a prayer card, if you'll just stay with us. If I have to run day and night, I'll get them. By the help of the Lord, I'll certainly get them. Now if you'll just give me your undivided attention! Now how many in here, that is sitting out there, that believes that you have faith enough to touch Him? That's right. Good. Now let's not let it be in vain, friends.

**46** Now there is a lady sitting here in a wheel chair, and there is a man sitting there in a wheel chair. I can see they're sick. Of course, they're not sick, maybe, but they're afflicted. Don't be discouraged, sister and brother. You know, if I could ... if I could heal you, you know I'd come do it, don't you? I certainly would. If I wouldn't, I have no business standing back here. If I have cruelty in my heart that could take you from that wheel chair, and you from that wheel chair, and not do it, I'd be a cruel person. "Well," you say, "with a gift of God, you should do it, anyhow." Wait a minute. No, that's how you don't read the Scripture right. Jesus passed through where there was thousands of crippled, lame, blind, halt, and withered, and never touched them. And went to a man that had maybe a prostate condition, or something. He had been retarded, had it thirty-five years. He could walk... Thirty-eight years, I believe it was. See, there is some of you...

**47** Course, what if that was my wife sitting there, or my mother, my wife, my daughter (see), or my brother, my father sitting there? Oh, if anything could be done, I'd sure want it done, see. But, you know, there might be maybe somebody sitting along here, looks very healthy, is a lot closer to death than they are; with a heart trouble or cancer, see, a lot closer to death. But is it harder for God to heal the cancer, or the cripple? There's no difference. He only requires, "If you believe it." Now, for myself, to show you that it couldn't be me, I would come do it right now. If I could do it, I would make a show out of it, I guess. I'd say, "Let me bring this man and woman up here on the platform, show you what a great servant of Christ I am." I would say some kind of words over him, "Get up now and walk away!" See, I'd like to do that. All the crowd would just scream, and say, "Praise God! What a great powerful servant of God, Brother Branham is!" See? No, that would be wrong, see. But now Jesus can make both of them well, tonight.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**48** But, see, when a person gets just a little bit crippled, they begin to, right way down, (they don't want to think it), but way down, they begin to think, "I'm passed going, see. I can never make it." Don't do that. Don't do that. You believe it. And if I could, I would... But, now, if you'll just get all that doubt out of your heart; just don't let nothing come in that would hinder. [Gap in the audio.] Drawed and afflicted from birth; just straighten right out, and walk away, normal and well, see. That's statements, doctors and Mayo Brothers. And you seen it in Reader's Digest, not long ago, Donny Morton, The Miracle Of Donny Morton. That little child right there in California, at the Assemblies of God, down there at that school, Southwestern Bible School, that child was so twisted and afflicted till even John Hopkins and Mayo Brothers said, "There's not an earthly chance for him." But the Lord is "Thus saith the Lord." That was different, see. Don't go without hope.

**49** Now, now for the next few minutes, we're going to pray now. it's got about twelve minutes, maybe we can get the prayer line through. And now if I get those through, maybe, and have some more time... I promised to let out at nine-thirty. You watch it. All right. Then we'll, what we miss tonight, we'll pick up tomorrow night. Now everybody will be praying. And all of you out there that now, that's ... hasn't got prayer cards, or has got prayer cards, whatever it is, you just start praying. See, your faith will do just exactly what Jesus did in the days gone by. You can touch His garment. Now if everybody will be just real reverent, don't move around. Be real reverent, just for a little bit.

**50** Come, sir. We are strangers to each other, I suppose. If I could help you, I would do it. You know that. I would be glad to do that, but I can't. Frankly, it's somebody else you're standing for, that wants to be prayed for. [The man says, "Yes, sir."] You believe God can heal him? ["Yes, sir."] They're not present at this time. ["No, sir."] They're away from here. ["Yes, sir."] It's a cancer case. ["Yes, sir."] Is that right? ["Yes, sir."] Do you believe they'll be healed? ["Yes, sir. I do."] Go, and it will be done, if you believe it. That's all you have to do. Isn't that wonderful? God bless you. How do you do? So are we strangers to one another. Just a man walked in here. I don't know you, never seen you. But, and you're here... This precious Bible, it holds the promise; that is, that is God's Word. [The man says, "That's right."] And the Bible says, in there, that the Word of God discerns the thoughts, desires and intents of the heart, and so forth, both tells this Word that's written, vindicates it to be true, by foretelling, and God making it real. ["Amen!"] Like He said, "Let there be light, and there was light." ["That's right."] I'm just saying that to talk to you, like our Lord talked to the woman at the well, like He seen Simon, and so forth. You've had some trouble. You've had an operation. It's bursted open again. [The man says, "That's right."] You understand where I mean, and why I can't say it right here. ["Yes, sir. That's right."] And you understand why. Isn't that right? ["That's right."] That's right. I can't say it here, but you know. I felt you right then when you thought, "I wonder if he's going to say that, or whether," like that. ["That's right."] No, I won't say it, because I can't say it here. But it will be all right now. ["Thank You, Jesus!"] Go, believe it. Have faith in God.

```
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**51** How do you do, lady? Do you believe Jesus Christ, the Son of God? Do you believe me to be His servant? [The woman says, "I sure do!"] I appreciate that. If there is any way to help you, I'll do it. There is only one way I can help you, that's by what I see. I can only... What I see, then I say it. If I can't see it, well, then I... I can't say it, of course, until I see it, because it has to come from Him. It's a divine... It's a divine gift of God, that comes from God. Your trouble is in your eye. You have a growth in your eye. Can't see it, but it's in your left eye. [The woman says, "That's right."] That you might know this now, being that someone out there might say it. I see she has got some more trouble. She's got trouble with her left breast, also. ["That's right."] That's right, isn't it? ["That's right."] Now you know. Here, if that would puzzle you , let me tell you. You're not from here. You're from away from here. You're from Louisiana. ["That's right."] Go back, and believe God, and you can be healed of it. Amen. Believe with all your heart. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Just believe Him. How do you do? You're really pressed.

**52** That man is suffering right there with oppression, also; kind of gray-headed, with a gray suit on, sitting, looking at me. Have oppression, don't you, sir? It's left you now. It's all over. Praise be to God. What did he touch? Not me. That even give that man behind him, some courage. You haven't wanted to believe you had TB, complications. You accept Jesus now as your healer? All right, you can have your healing. Amen. Believe it with all your heart. Amen. That's the way to do it. Oh, how wonderful! You're believing, all of you? Come, men, tonight, coming right down the row of men! The man sitting right behind him there, is wondering all about it. You got arthritis. You believe that God will make it well? You do? Then you can have it! Oh, my! Women, you... It's right in the men, look like, just going right along with men tonight. Wonderful! Thanks be to God.

**53** Here is another man, sitting right over here, double hernia. Do you believe that God will make that hernia well? Amen. You can have it. The other man, sitting behind him, has a hernia, also. You believe, sir? You can have it, also, if you'll just believe it. Amen. Hallelujah! Do you believe God? Just have faith. Don't doubt. There's no distance, to God. Do you believe that? Here is a man sitting right through here. I'm point my finger right at him. He is wearing glasses, gray-headed. He is a diabetic. If he'll believe with all of his heart, God will heal him. His wife is sitting right next to him there. Yes, put your hand over on her; she's got colon trouble. Put your hand over on her, and believe with all your heart, and you both can be healed. You believe?

**54** Your trouble is a blood clot. It's in your left arm. [The woman says, "That's right."] You had cancer. ["That's right."] Was operated. ["Yes."] They give you some medication. ["Yes."] The medication caused this blood clot to come in here, in a serious condition. Do you believe that God will heal you? ["I do."] Then as you have believed, so let it be done to you. In the name of the Lord Jesus, may you be healed. Look like a healthy woman, strong. Do you believe Jesus Christ, the Son of God, lives? [The woman says, "Yes, I do."] Do you believe that He is here tonight? ["Yes, I do."] If I could tell you something the matter with you, would you believe Him with all your heart? ["Yes."] You're up for an operation. ["Yes."] It's female trouble. ["Yes."] Lady's trouble. You have to have an operation. ["Yes."] You got someone with you that really needs to have operation, too, a younger person. ["Yes."] That's right. ["Yes."] That's exactly right. Then, you've got somebody you're praying for; that's your husband. ["Yes."] He's unsaved. And he's not here. You believe with all your heart, and he'll get saved, and you won't have to have the operation. ["Oh!"] Go now and believe, with all your heart. Amen. Amen. Have faith in God!

**55** I can see the way you're walking. Only God heals cancer. But God knows how to do it. Do you believe that He'll do it for you? [The woman says, "Yes."] Then I lay my hands upon you, my sister, in the name of Jesus Christ, for your healing. Amen. Go now, don't doubt, believe with all your heart. Come, sister. Asthmatic condition, lady's trouble. You believe that God will make you well? [The woman says, "I do."] In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed, for the glory of God. Amen. All right. Diabetic. Do you believe that God will make it well, cure you and heal you up? [The woman says, "Yes. I believe it."] In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed. Now if you believe God, laying hands on like that, it's got to happen. Yes, sir, back trouble and stomach trouble. Do you believe that God will make you well? [The man says, "Yes, sir."] Then go, in the name of Jesus Christ, and be made well, for the glory of God. Everybody believe?

**56** How do you do sir? Course, you see you have gland trouble, and it's made you have heart trouble. Do you believe that God will heal your heart and make you well? [The man says, "Amen."] Go, in the name of Jesus Christ, and be healed. I want to show you something. I'll take this watch off, take it off. Do you believe God can heal lung trouble, and make you well? [The woman says, "Yes."] All right, He sure can. Did you see how that happened? All right, the Lord bless you, go and be made healed, in the name of Jesus Christ. Now let me have your hand. I want you to look at my hand, ordinary like a many a man's hand. Is that right? I put my hand on it, now it changed, swells up, little bumps running over it. Got ulcerated stomach. You believe that God will make it well? Do you accept your healing now? [The man says, "I do."] Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal the man. For this moment, Lord, take it away from him, that he might see and know that it's truth. It's written in the Bible, "In my name they shall cast out devils; them that believe." Lord, I believe. In the name of Jesus Christ, let this devil go from my brother. Amen. Let's see your hand again. Now don't look like it did, does it? [The man says, "No, it don't."] You're healed. Go, be well.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**57** Asthmatic condition. You believe God will make it well? [The man says, "Yes."] Go and breathe, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and be made well. Amen. Have faith. God heals back trouble, and makes men well. Do you believe that? [The man says, "Amen."] All right, go on your road, and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus. And I'll be made well!" ["Hallelujah!"] Just don't doubt; with all your heart. Amen. What if I told you you got healed in the chair, would you believe it? [The man says, "Yes."] All right, just go on your road, rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord Jesus," and you shall have what you've asked for. All right.

**58** Come, sir. You believe? ["Yes, I do."] I want to show you, so it'll show on your hands. Tell me... Take a look at my hand here, nothing wrong with it. See in here? ["Not a thing."] Now it does change, it swelled up, little white things running over it. ["Yes."] Would you like to eat your supper, and feel good again? ["Yes."] Do you believe you can? ["Yes."] Do you believe these things you see comes from God? ["Yes, I sure do."] Now look right back at your hand ... my hand again, it isn't there now. Then, go eat. Your faith done it, brother. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. He remains the same yesterday, today. Do you believe we lay hands on the sick, they shall recover? ["Amen!"] Sure, you do. Do you believe that, sister? ["Yes, sir."] In the name of Jesus Christ, go and be healed and made well, for the glory of God. Amen.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**59** O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, with all the things going on here in the building tonight, we know that You're here. Let the power of God make my sister well, for Your glory. Amen. Come now, believe. Do you believe with all your heart? ["Yes."] You never have to be crippled up then. In the name of Jesus Christ, may she go and be healed, for the glory of God. Amen. Go now, don't doubt, believe with all your heart. Both heart and stomach; stomach causes the heart. Lord Jesus, make my brother well. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. That's the way we used to do it, a long time ago.

**60** Now you really don't have nothing to be nervous about, do you? Do you? Not a bit. But you are, anyhow. That's right. All of them out there, pretty near every one of them, has got the same thing. They have. Let me show you. How many is nervous out there? Raise up your hands. Put up your hands. How would you call that bunch? See, couldn't do it. But let me show you that God is the healer, because I know you're going to get healed, see. Frankly, it's already over, right now. That's right. Amen. That shadow went away from her, right there. Go on, rejoice, and say, "Praise the Lord!" Amen. Wouldn't you like to breathe again, good? Wouldn't that be wonderful? You believe He can? Then go on your road, and do it. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it be done. Amen.

**61** Now you know you got to have help, or die. It'll kill you if you don't have help. God is here to help you. Do you believe that? Let me show what an evil thing that is. Let me have your hand here. You're aware of it, it was a cancer. You was aware you had the cancer? ["Yeah."] Will you believe with all your heart, with me? This man must die if God doesn't heal him. It's cancer. O God, the Word says, "In my name they shall cast out devils." And if You've done it for others, Lord Jesus, do it for this man here. Let the power of Almighty God come upon him, and save his life, for the glory of God. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go and forget about it, just say, "Thank You, Lord," and go and be healed for the glory of God.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**62** Now you really need an operation (that's right) of a tumor. But God, can take the tumor out of my wife, can take it out of you. Do you believe that? Do you believe that story is true, that I said a while ago? Here is my hand laying here on the Bible, that it's true. Now you know the Holy Spirit is here. I don't know you, I never seen you. And if I can tell you what your trouble is, it's got to be something here telling me. Well, that same thing took the tumor out of my wife, see. Now do you believe, by just ... If I pray and lay hands upon you, the tumor will leave you? You're going to believe it with all your heart? All right, come here. All of you believe with me now. Lord Jesus, let Your grace and mercy be upon the woman. As I lay hands upon her, and in the light of God's Word, may this tumor be condemned, and may the woman live to the glory of God, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you now. Go, believing, say, "Thank You, Lord," and it will all be gone. Now how much are... We're three minutes past time. I made it, lacking three minutes, I'll be right tomorrow tonight, Carl.

**63** How many loves the Lord now? How many believes that these people are healed? Tomorrow night I'll try to take it a little different, and show you all again how that that works and how it operates, the Lord willing. And now the Lord bless each one of you. Is there anybody here that's convinced that they're a sinner, and they want to serve Jesus Christ as their help, accept Jesus as their Saviour? Would you like to stand here now and let us have prayer with you? We'd be glad to do that. The invitation is open, and we've put these services for divine healing, but it's not altogether for healing. We pray for the sick, and we also... The sin-sick people, that's first. We want you to come. And come here just a moment, stand with us in prayer. We'd be glad to pray with you, do everything that we could to help you. Would you do that? Is there a sinner in the building, would like to take that stand tonight, say, "I'll come and accept Jesus Christ as my personal Saviour. I want to be saved tonight"?

**64** God bless you. Here comes a man. God bless you. Is there another? Would there be another? That's the way I like to see people come. Come right down, wide open, and say, "I'm wrong. I want to be right." And my brother, sister, before this five or six hundred people, whatever there is in here (I don't know), but these people standing here know it's the truth. Never has the Lord ever let me say anything wrong in that prophecy. How many says, "That's right"? Raise up your hands as a witness? See, it's always right. He will save you if you'll come just with simple faith, and believe it. He knows the secret of the heart. Why did I make that call just at this time, looked like the building is buzzing to me? Is because something said, "Make a call." How did I know that this may not be these men's last opportunity? There might be more here. If there is, won't you come while we bow our heads? Come, sir. God bless you. That's fine. Lord, heal him, make him well, and do this for him. Come, someone else? Three. "In the mouth of three witnesses, let it be established."

```
Deuteronomy 19:15 One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be established.

2 Corinthians 13:1 This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.

```
**65** Now, brethren, as you stand there, you're doing the most gallant thing. People that is sick, they'll do anything to get well. But when a man realizes he is sin sick, that's the worse sickness. These people come here tonight, I know there was a couple of cancers that left while we was standing here. That's true. I seen the shadows leaving. And I'm not a fanatic. I know it's true. Lots of people were healed. But perhaps maybe, sometime, if they live long enough, they'll get sick again; they may have pneumonia. Something has got to take them out of life; death has to do it. Now, but what you're doing now, you're going to accept eternal life. Look what Jesus said, "He that heareth my words." Heareth means "to understand," see. "He that heareth my words, and believeth on Him that sent me, has everlasting life; and shall not come to the judgment, but has passed from death unto life." You're doing the most noble thing you ever did.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**66** I'll ask the congregation to stand, in memorial of this, while we pray. Some ministers would like to come around and lay hands upon these men, with me; and be glad for you to do it, if you'll do it. Come right here and lay your hands on them. Everybody reverent. Heavenly Father, into Your divine presence; not under emotion, but under the leadership of the Holy Spirit, in the hour of divine healing. When they seen Jesus do these same things, two thousand years ago today, and they see Him doing it today, many act like they did then. It said, "Many believed on Him, because of His works." Many believe on Him tonight, because of His works. Here stands three precious souls, three men. Seemingly, Lord, usually it's women. But tonight it's been men, right straight through. And we pray, heavenly Father, that You'll receive their confession, as they confess that they have been wrong, and they desire to have life, and have it more abundantly, through Jesus Christ. Take every dark stain of sin away. Hear me, Lord, as I pray. I commit them into Thy hands. And by the authority of Your Word, that said that "He that comes to me, I will in nowise cast out," then You must receive them, Lord, for they have come, and Your Word said that You would not cast them out. And they've come, believing that You will forgive them. And, from this night on, they'll serve You the rest of their days, separating themselves from sin.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 11:45 Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.

```
**67** I pray, heavenly Father, that You will pour out the Holy Ghost upon them, that You'll fill them with Your divine power; that they not only be Christians, but be instruments of service, filled to the capacity, with the Holy Spirit, that they might help bring the message to others. Lord Jesus, I commit them to You now, upon Your Word that promised that they shall be forgiven. "I'll raise Him up at the last day," You said. And I know Your words are true, we've just been speaking of Them. it never fails. And the Word come to these men tonight, and they've come to follow the Word. And I know, that at this junction here, of forgiveness, that You do, for Your words cannot fail. In Jesus' name. With our heads bowed now.

```
John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**68** To you, my brethren that is standing here tonight, you did the only thing that you can do. When you're convinced that you're wrong, then you're convicted of sin, something you done wrong. There is only one way of pardon, that's through the cross. And you've walked up here tonight, before all this people, to accept Him as your Saviour, that you was convinced that you are wrong, convicted; convinced that He is right, convicted that you're wrong. And He died for sinners. That's what He come to the earth for, to die for sinners; only asking you one thing, to accept freely what He died for, you. Will you do that, will you accept Him as your Saviour? Put your sins behind you, and accept Him right now as your personal Saviour. If you will, just raise up your right hands towards Him. God bless you. That means that it's over. If you believe me to be God's servant, then that's according to His Word, "Your sins are behind you, they're gone. They're in the sea of forgetfulness, He'll never remember them no more. You are new creatures in Him, tonight." Now may...

```
Hebrews 10:17 And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.

```
**69** These brethren here are going to lay hands upon you. Some of you ministers here standing close, come, lay your hands, also, and let's bless them, that they'll receive the Holy Ghost. Come up close. Heavenly Father, fill this first brother with the... [Some missing words cannot be heard.] ... Holy Ghost. Fill this, my brother, with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Fill this, my brother, Lord, tonight, with the Holy Ghost. We ask in the name of Jesus Christ, as I commit them to You, for Your service. Amen.

**70** Now you may raise your heads. These men has accepted Christ as their Saviour; past sins are forgiven. That's the Word of the Lord. How many knows that's true? Now I want you to turn around towards the audience, friends. So He says, "If you're ashamed of me before men, I'm ashamed of you before the Father. He that will confess Me before men, him will I confess before my Father and the holy angels." Raise up your hands, that you confess that Jesus Christ is your Saviour, you take Him for your Saviour now. You brethren here that's come to the altar just now, raise up your hands, so the audience can see. "He that confesses me before men, him will I confess before my Father and the holy angels." Now as we bow our heads, for dismissing. I want each one of you, people that can, come by here and shake hands with these brothers. And invite them into your church, some of you pastors, that you go on with them, from here, to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. God bless you. God heal you, God give you grace, abundance, is my sincere prayer. Let us bow our heads now while, I guess, Brother Rose is coming for the dismissing prayer. All right, Brother Rose.

```
Mark 8:38 Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.

Luke 9:26 For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.
```
