---
Date: 1954-07-19
Title: God's provided way of healing
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 20 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# God's provided way of healing



**1** Good evening, friends. You may be seated. It's indeed a privilege to be here this afternoon, to serve again in the name of our Lord. And just before we begin the service, I see some of my brethren sitting in the recording pit here, with recorders; and Billy Paul, my son, has asked Brother Wood, a friend, if he will meet him in the front of the building, just as quick as possible out in front, concerning the books and pictures for the services. And to have this introduction so nicely given, as... What kind of a person... I'd have to live a pretty good life to live up to that, wouldn't I? But that's because Brother Mattsson loves me. He's my bosom friend. And so, we're very happy for this privilege of being here, and I begin things in Chicago, looks like. Of all my years of ministry, this is the first time in all my ministry, that I ever had an afternoon service. In all the time of my ministry, that I can remember, that I ever had an instruction meeting in the afternoon. And now, this is about nine years, I think, I have been in the services. And so, I begin anew in Chicago again, Brother Joseph. And so, I know no better place to start or begin things. [Brother Joseph speaks, "Well, I should just say one word, and that is that I think, personally, that Brother Branham belongs to Chicago."] Thank you. Thank you, Brother Joseph. Thank you, dear Christian friends.

**2** I have often thought that someday, God would give us a revival in Chicago like the days of Moody, when the whole city would be moved for God. And you haven't had one since that day, and I believe that it's near at hand. And the only thing has been in my ministry, Christian friends... And I know these recorders are picking these things up, and they'll be scattered in the papers everywhere. So I have to watch the words that I say, and weigh them out, because once an article is published, and once your voice is caught on a recorder, that's it, see. It's that. And so they pick it up in order to pick up for the people, many times, that's in the line. If you'll watch some people come through and say, "Well now, the Lord said, certain, certain things." Well now, if we've only got the people's word, well, that's all we have. But the recorder settles it, see. When said, why... When you watch He tells you to do, watch your destination, watch what He told you in the time ... what you have done, and watch what He tells you in the time that's going to happen. And you find out, not one time will you ever find a flaw, that God, but what He'll do just exactly what He says He'll do every time, see. He'll do it.

**3** I am forty-five years old, April, and I have seen visions since... One of the first things I can remember, seems strange, but I remember when I was yet crawling. In my days when baby was crawling, they had long dresses. And I remember mother had a little ribbon worked in my dress. And I was crawling on an old cabin floor, way in the mountains of Kentucky where I was born. And I was eating snow off of some man's foot, as the first thing I can remember. And the next thing I remember was God speaking to me in a vision, and telling me that I'd spend a bigger part of my life near a city called New Albany. And the last forty years, I have lived within a few miles of New Albany, Indiana, which is two or three hundred miles away from the place it was. And none of our people, as this far, has been out the state of Kentucky, as far as I know. But always, and every time... See, gifts and callings are without repentance. Those things are first given of God. Them offices is set in the church by God. And my opinion, there's where so many of this day has made a mistake. When we say, "Now, I'll go over and seek for God to make me this, that." You cannot do that, see. You are what you are by grace, nothing that you can do within yourself. God gives. God hath set in the church apostles, teachers, prophets. Is that right? God has set in the church for the perfecting... So not the bishop has, or the elder has, or someone else, but God has. And they are... Those offices has put in the church.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**4** Now, I do know that gifts, such as the nine spiritual gifts, they are gifts that work in the entire church. For instance, tonight this one may prophesy and never prophesy again. Maybe the spirit of prophecy will be on someone else the next night. Paul said, "You all may prophesy, one by one." That's the gift of prophecy, not a prophet, see. There's quite a difference between gift of prophecy and a prophet. The gift of prophecy has to be judged by three good spiritual judges, before the church can receive it, according to Paul's writing in Corinthians. The judges has to judge this, has to judge the interpretation of tongues, before the church receives it, because they wouldn't know... But now, you take a person that would a prophet like Isaiah, Jeremiah, Moses. No one stood before them to judge whether it was right or not. They were born in this world prophets. The Word of God was with them. "God, in sundry times and in divers manners, spoke to the Fathers through the prophets, in this last day through His Son, Jesus Christ." And He is the Prophet of the church of this last day---is Jesus Christ. And the Bible said over in the book of Revelations that the spirit ... or, the testimony, of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy.

```
1 Corinthians 14:29 Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge.

1 Corinthians 14:31 For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.

Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

Hebrews 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

Revelation 19:10 And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.

```
**5** And so, in these things, all these great things, to see the church set together... When I first seen the Pentecostal people, and heard them speak with tongues, I'd been taught as a Baptist that that was of the devil. So I thought, Now, looky here... And I thought, Well, one thing, I don't care what the church says, the Bible said, "They shall speak with new tongues." Now, the first thing, I had to either take the church or take the Bible. I said, "What am I going to do?" He said, "Let every man's word be a lie (whether it's bishop, archbishop, or whoever he is), and My Word be the truth." And that's the vast difference between Catholicism and Protestantism, see. Catholicism, you can't argue with a Catholic on the Bible. Because after all, if the church says something contrary to the Bible, it's the church. They say, "God is in His church." The Protestant says, "God is in His Word," see. Now, there's the difference. So you can't argue, because if the church says a certain thing... Ask them where they get not eating meat on Friday and all these other things. Why, they say the church said so.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**6** And a few days ago, I have an interview with a priest; the priest said... I was asking him some questions, as my people before me were Catholic. And I said, "I want to ask you some questions Scripturally." And he said, "Just a minute, Mr. Branham." He said, "See, we Catholics go to church and worship. You Protestants stay home and read the Bible, but we go to church and worship." I said, "But, what?" That's the next thing. But, what? Now, he said, "See, we don't notice what... What the Bible says is all right, but if the church says contrary, then the church is right, because Peter was the pope, and the pope succeeds Peter; and whatever the church has set together that is the order. That's what it is goes. God still move... "Well," I said, "of course, it's all right. Every fellow... That's what makes this America: every fellow to his own belief." But I believe that whatever God has said... God's Word does not alter. God's Word does not change: "One jot or a tittle will nowise pass from it, until every bit of it's fulfilled." And I believe that Paul said, "If an Angel from heaven would come and teach any other thing, than what you'd already been taught in the Scripture, let him be unto you accursed." Galatians 1:8. So I am a fundamental believer in the Bible. What the Bible says, I believe it. And I believe it's the truth, and ready to hang my soul on any phase of the Bible, or any sentence, comma, whatever it might be, that God's Word is everlasting truth. It's inspired and written, and we stay with it.

```
Matthew 5:18 For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.

Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

```
**7** In the Old Testament, there was three ways that they could get a message. That was by a prophet, by a dreamer, or by the law. And now, if a prophet prophesied... And on the breast of Aaron was the Urim Thummim. And if the lights flashed on the Urim Thummim, that prophet was telling the truth. But if the lights didn't flash on that Urim Thummim, then it was wrong. If a dreamer dreamed a dream and told that dream, and it didn't flash on the Urim Thummim, it was wrong. The prophet, if he prophesied and the lights didn't flash, he was wrong. And the Urim Thummim from that priesthood was taken away, but here is the Urim Thummim of the priesthood today: the Word of God. If a dreamer, or a prophet, or a preacher, or anything teaches contrary to this Bible, it's wrong. Let him be accursed. But it must be built solidly upon this Word, as "Thus saith the Lord." And if this Word is correctly set in order, and taught by the minister, God's solemnly under obligation to His Son to answer that Word and fulfill it. Now, that's the way I believe the Bible. I believe every word of it. Now, there may be times that I may not be able to set it together. I don't believe there's any mortal in the world can correctly set every word together, but we only can as the Holy Spirit inspires us to do. Many times, it's contrary to our teaching.

```
Exodus 28:30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually.

```
**8** My wife happened to be standing outside last night. "Just soon as the," she said, "two or three passed the platform," said, "a group of people got up and walked out." Said, "One of them looked over at the other one, said, 'What do you think about it?' Said, 'Aw, punk, there's nothing to that.' And another one walked out in a few minutes, said, 'Well, it was a pretty good show, wasn't it, not to have to pay to get in?'" And that's the opinion of the starchy people of this world, see. That's their opinion. It's always been their opinion. It was their opinion... Their fathers had the same opinion and is in hell today. And remember, what if this would've been the truth they was listening at last night? Then they have blasphemed the Holy Ghost, which is never forgiveness in this world or the world to come. Is that right? That's right. Best to keep still if you're not sure. So the Lord bless you.

**9** Now, this afternoon, as we've gathered here for one purpose: that's to instruct for healing services tonight. On the return back from overseas, God willing, I want to start my services different. I was just speaking to one of the managers just a few moments ago, our dear Brother Moore, and I was telling him what God is placing on my heart: to come to a place like Chicago, or somewhere, and not just run away, just have to come in for a few nights, and get... It weakens me down in such a way, they've got to take me out. But come there where I just bring the prayer line up, and just keep praying for the people one after the other, until the Holy Spirit takes a hold of that gift to operate it itself (You see?), in the way if a sinner or something pass over the platform without repenting, it would call his attention, see. But this way, by this divine gift and His presence, just a few times and I'm about finished. It just makes me so weak, I can't out of the building hardly. Sometimes do pass completely out under it. And one time was out eight months and better. So you remember that time, many of you.

**10** But on returning, God willing (as I say this recordings are being made), I am going to try to set up meetings for a year after returning, and come to a place like Chicago, and just stay right there in Chicago, wherever it may be, until Christ says, "Now, I want you to go somewhere else." And then, in that, don't have every night just every time... Just bring my ... preach the gospel, make altar calls, get people saved, filled with the Holy Spirit, and then have my line, pray for the sick after that's over. And give out prayer cards, and then ever where it leaves off this night, the next night start from the same one like that, and then you'll have plenty of time. This way we can't do that, because we're only here a few nights, and we got to catch just what comes in. That way, every person, if they was there and seen their prayer card was way back, they go away four or five nights, and come back again to the meeting or a week or two or whatever it would be, see. And we could catch everybody that way. And that's my vision for when I come back from overseas. And we hope that God is in it, and to help us, and have a great meeting in America.

**11** I think for almost nine years now, I've been operating this way, when the Lord has confirmed that it's truth, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again, we see it back and forth, back and forth. And so, I think now the time is to preach the Gospel. I'm not much of a preacher; I don't study on what I'm going to talk about; I just preach by inspiration. I just look around till I find it, and reach out and get it, and hand it out. Sometimes it's pretty rough, but that's the way I get it; it's rough. So I just like to have it that way; because, after all, who are we? We're not a bunch of aristocratic, starched-necked people. We're a pentecostal people that's been born again, and filled with the Holy Ghost. Our fathers was born under this inspiration. They were born illiterate preachers. Our fathers! Who was that? Peter, James, and John. That's right. When they went up through the gate called Beautiful, healed a man sitting there was crippled from his mother's womb. Why, they was poor people; he said, "Silver and gold, have I none." And then, the people had to take notice that they were ignorant and unlearned people, but they had been with Jesus. That's one thing they know. So that's what we are. That's the kind of a people we are. Now, the Lord bless you, and when we go into the instructions now... And if Brother Joseph, you let me know what time it gets along here so I... What time do you usually close these kind of services? [Bro. Joseph answers: " [Unclear words] ... It's 3:30 now."] About four o'clock? ["No, 4:15,"] All right, that'll be fine. ["Or, 4:30."] All that, that'll be fine. ["Can you all hear Bro. Branham well?"] Can you hear all right out there, back in the back? That's fine. Thank you.

```
Acts 3:1 Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.

Acts 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

Acts 3:3 Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

Acts 3:5 And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.

Acts 3:6 Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.

Acts 3:7 And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.

Acts 3:8 And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.

Acts 4:13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

```
**12** Now, before we open this book... There's no man can open this book. I might turn the pages back, and say "We'll read a chapter from here." But God is the only One can open this book. You remember, in the heaven, the book was laying sealed with seven seals on the backside. You remember that? And did you ever think that we have come through Luther's justification, through Wesley's sanctification, through Pentecostal Holy Ghost, and still we're kind of muddling along? There's something else to be revealed. It's not written in here; it's in the seals. We're going to teach on those things, the Lord willing, when I come back. Remember, Daniel heard those seven voices, uttered their voices, and he started writing; He said, "Don't write it," see. "It'll be revealed in the last days." Is that right?

```
Daniel 12:9 And he said, Go thy way, Daniel: for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end.

```
**13** John saw the same thing, and when he saw it on there, this book on the backside, after it was done been taught all the way through, on the backside had seven seals. And these was to be loosened when the mystery of God would be fulfilled. We're at that time, for the seven mysteries to be opened up to the church. Oh, what rich teaching this Bible produces. But no one ... no one was able to even take the book, look thereon, or to loose the seals. And there was a Lamb that had been slain from the foundation of the world, come took the hand out of ... the book out of the hand of Him that set upon the throne, and opened the book, and loosed the seals thereof. So let us speak to Him who can do this, now, while we bow our heads.

```
Revelation 5:3 And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.

Revelation 5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.

Revelation 5:7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.

Revelation 10:4 And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.

Revelation 10:7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.

```
**14** Our dear loving heavenly Father, we approach Thee today, humbly in the name of Thy dear Son, the Lord Jesus Christ. And we thank Thee that He was ever mindful of us, to include us back there before the foundation of the world, that we would be holy and without blame in His presence at that day. Then where could be brag? Nothing we've done, nothing we can do, but by grace are we saved through faith. For before the foundation of the world He chose us in Christ Jesus. And now, He's given us the Holy Spirit, a seal until the day of our redemption when we shall be presented to the Father, faultless, standing washed in His blood. And now, may He, that taken the book from the right hand, come and take the book this afternoon and open it to us as we speak on it. Father, I pray that You'll give instructions to these poor sick, needy people. Many's drove several miles to come here to be prayed for. And I ask Thee, Father, to give Spirit to Thy servant, and knowledge, not for self, but for these poor, sick, needy people, that's sitting in this auditorium today. And may You give them such instruction, that they'll know perfectly how to take a hold, and how to believe Thy promises, and how to defeat the enemy---which is given to us: the word of defeat right here in the Bible. And we pray that You'll help us today to explain it to Your children and get glory out of the services. For we ask it in His lovely name, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

**15** As a little Scripture reading, I want to read out of the Psalms. The Psalms 103, 1 to 3. ... Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all of his benefits: Who forgiveth all of thine iniquity; who healeth all of thy diseases; And by closing the Book, I say this Scripture is fulfilled this day in your presence: the Lord to be blessed, because He forgives all of our iniquity, and heals all of our diseases today. The Word is made manifest today: how that God has made a provision. And I would speak it in this way: God's Provided Way Of Healing.

```
Psalm 103:1 A Psalm of David. Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.

Psalm 103:2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

```
**16** So many people seek healing in the wrong attitude, the wrong motive of coming. The first thing a Christian should do, or any persons coming to healing, should be sure that their heart is pure and clean before God. And then, if this sickness still remains, then you should have help from somewhere. Now, I'm going to say something that I have never said publicly in my ministry. But being it just come to my mind then, I want to speak it. And I have shunned it. But only this afternoon, as I see this afternoon there's just a little handful of us sitting here. And let's just, as it were, take off our coats now and get right down to talk heart to heart to each other. Now, I have very much been perplexed at people saying, that, oh, "The healers of the... These divine healers..." And frankly, that's what they are. That's exactly what they are, Biblical terms. They are divine healers, just as much as they are preachers, just as much as they was apostles, and anything else. It's a divine gift given to a person to minister.

**17** Now, we would like to place, say, well, like preaching. Well, let John Doe or anybody preach... If John Doe wasn't absolutely called of God to be a preacher, he'll never make a successful preacher. His mother might've told him he should be a preacher, and his dad might have sent him off to a seminary, he might have the degrees and so forth; but he will never be able to lead people to God till the Holy Spirit has moved into that man's life and give him something that... He may not be able to speak his words right; he may not have the right grammar; he might not be able to use the right psychology; but if he's got the power of God in his life, the people will know it. That's right. God will be with him. Well, the same thing: John Doe might be an educated man, with psychology and everything else, but he can't produce the message that that poor illiterate fellow that's called by the Lord. Now, we know that. You just might as well admit it, because our greatest ministers that's been has been men of that type. For instance, the last revival in Chicago was by---a great revival---was by Dwight Moody, who was a very much of an unlearned man. His grammar was so poor, it was awful. Nothing but a little, old shoe cobbler. Oh, you read his books, but yes them were written by someone else, and his sermons polished up a whole lot. Dwight Moody was an unlearned man.

**18** And Peter, one of the greatest speakers of all times, outside of Jesus Christ, one of the greatest writers, wouldn't even know his own name if it was written before him. John, ignorant and unlearned, and so forth like that, but they had been with Jesus Christ, and they had a message that had power. Peter quoting Joel a few times won three thousand souls to Jesus Christ at one time. Think of that: ignorant, unlearned. So you don't have to go to great educations and extremes of those things. What you have to do is know Jesus, and Christ giving you the ability, by the Holy Spirit, to do such.

```
Acts 2:17 And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

Acts 2:18 And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:

Acts 2:19 And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:

Acts 2:20 The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before that great and notable day of the Lord come:

Acts 2:21 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.

Acts 4:13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

```
**19** Now, divine healing is on the same basis. There's some people who can actually believe in divine healing, and pray for divine healing, but never be able to touch divine healing, because they just can't do it. It's not given to them. Now, there's such a... I notice the people on the platform. Many times before the Spirit catches me away till the anointing's so great, till they have to lead me out... Now, when I'm looking at the person, some of them come, and there's many times that I see things I don't say nothing about. I try to just say enough to get the people's faith; I see I've caught their attention like that, and then pray for them, in order to get a hold of another. More you talk, why, more it would come, just constantly; it just... You're just in that channel then, and it just keeps rolling down. And so then, in teaching divine healing... And seeing people come, they say, "Oh yes, brother, I have faith." Now, they imagine they have faith, see. They don't have faith.

**20** Faith is just as positive as your eyesight or my feelings to know this desk is here. You don't have to be educated. Frankly, it'd be good if you're just a little more simple about it than what you really are. That's right. You just ... It's just something that you know it's going to be. That's all. It's just a positive... Why, there couldn't nothing move it out of your way. You know it's going to happen. You just... Nothing can take it out. If the doctor'd stand, say "You're going to die the next hour," and you knew that you was going to get well... He might tell you had covered all over with cancer and leprosy eaten through you. That wouldn't scare you one bit. No, sir. Now, that's faith.

**21** Look at when Paul was shipwrecked out there. Why, he'd lost hopes too. All hopes they could be saved, Paul said, was gone. The little old ship was waterlogged, and fourteen days and nights no moon, stars, or nothing, the little boat tossed about in the waters and everything, and Paul said, "Well, I guess all hope's gone." So he didn't know. But standing down in the galley that night, praying, a vision come before him. And he saw the Angel of the Lord come, said, "Don't fear, Paul, for you're going to be brought before Caesar." That's right. "And lo, God give... All these that sail with you, is given to you. So therefore, you be of a good courage. And you go on out and have a good courage."

```
Acts 27:14 But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.

Acts 27:15 And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive.

Acts 27:16 And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:

Acts 27:17 Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, struck sail, and so were driven.

Acts 27:18 And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;

Acts 27:19 And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.

Acts 27:20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

```
**22** And little old Paul, right in the middle of the storm, run on the outside, shaking his hands and screaming top of his voice, saying, "Be of a good courage, brother, for there stood the Angel of God before me last night, saying not to be scared. We was going to come right on in before Caesar." Said, "Now, I tell you there's not one of you going to die. Not one hair of your head is going to perish, but the ship's going to be wrecked somewhere. In the vision I seen it sitting on the shore, wrecked somewhere, but there's nothing going to harm us." Said, "Let's take something and eat." And, oh, they was afraid to do it. And Paul went and got some sandwich, and made it, and started eating. Why, he wasn't scared. Why? God done said so. Anchored in Paul's heart... I don't care; the ship was a pitching just as hard as it could. No stars, no moon, days passed on by, didn't worry Paul a bit. I imagine: one sandwich after the other, walking up and down the deck, saying, "Glory to God, we're not far from land, brothers."

```
Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:34 Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you.

```
**23** There you are: No matter how dark it got. The whale might've come up to turn the ship over, the sharks following them by the hundreds, that wouldn't faze Paul. No, sir. He knew what God had said. He believed what God had said. Said, "Wherefore, brethren, be of a good courage, for I believe God, that it'll be just as He showed it to me." There's faith. Got out on the isle out there, and he picked up a bunch of sticks to throw on the fire, and the heat got in the sticks, and a big, old snake, that, when it bit you, you only lived just a couple of seconds after it hits you. Must've been like the African mamba. I think you live about two or three minutes after one bites you. It's about as long you can live, serum or no serum. And it grabbed him on the hand. Paul looked at it and said, "The Lord said I must be brought before Caesar. Why, you couldn't hurt me." Shook him off in the fire, and went over and got some more sticks, and turned around and got warm, as if nothing had ever happened. See what I mean? God told Paul, "You're going to be brought before Caesar." And Paul hadn't yet been brought before Caesar, so nothing fazed Paul. He knew he was going on. Now, that's faith. You got your course set. You know exactly where you're standing. Now, when an individual can pray till you strike that place, brother, there isn't enough doctors in Chicago to tell you was going to remain sick. That's right.

```
Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

Acts 28:3 And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.

Acts 28:5 And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.

```
**24** I was looking around to find a crippled person. I don't... I believe here's a crutch sitting here, of some crippled lady, perhaps. If the Holy Spirit would reveal to you just now, sister, that you're going out of here this afternoon to throw that crutch out yonder in the middle of the street, and walk down home not using it any more, and it would be so directly delivered to you, you'd probably kiss the old crutch goodbye before you even raised up from there. You'd turn around to the people, say, "Maybe, I haven't walked for so-and-so or so much, but watch me go out of here," see. You'd know it. There's nothing could stop it. If the Holy Spirit would speak to me now, and say, "That woman, I see her, by vision, going walking out of that door," I wouldn't be a bit more afraid to say that if there's a hundred million people here, "That woman has been crippled for so long, or she might ... or, I know what was wrong with her. Whatever it is, she's going out of here," I'd say, "without that walking stick or that crutch she's got under her arm; she's going out normally." And you'd see it happen that way. Why, there would be no fear, none whatever, see. That's faith.

**25** But now, when you come say, "Oh, I believe God's a Healer." You see, there's two men living in you; did you know that? One time we had an Indian converted in the meeting, and asked him how he was getting along after he'd received the Holy Ghost. Said, "Well," he said, "there's been two dogs in me." Said, "One of them is an evil dog, and one of them is a good dog." And said, "They just fuss and fight all the time." And he said, "Why, chief," said, "which one overcomes?" Chief said, "Well, it depends on which one chief feeds the most." Well, that's not giving any comparison to the devil and the Holy Spirit comparing it to dogs, but look, there is good in you and there's evil in you. And there's belief and unbelief. It depends on which one you feed the most (That's all.)--- which one you feed the most.

**26** Now, in you, up here... Every person here this afternoon, I would want to believe, believes in divine healing, every one of you. You say, "Sure, Brother Branham, I believe in divine healing." Now, maybe you mean that with all the intelligence you know how to speak it. You believe it. That's in your head. But remember, there's a subconscious, down there, has got to say the same thing. If it doesn't, you'll never get nowhere. You might read the Bible, say, "Well, here, Brother Branham, the Bible says this." That's true. That's exactly right. There's where people say today, "Well, I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and I'm saved." "How do you know He's the Son of God?" "The Bible said so," see. And I say, "Well, how do you know He's the Son of God." "Mother said so. The preacher said so." Well, they're right. But how do you know? The Bible said that you cannot know it until you have received the Holy Ghost. You're only taking somebody else's word. Did you know that? That didn't go very good. But that's the truth. Quote it, "No man can say Jesus is the Christ, only by the Holy Ghost." Is that right? The Holy Ghost in you has to bear record to the resurrection and Jesus being the Son of God, or you're only taking somebody else's word for it. You're only taking what the Bible says; the Bible's right. Or you're only taking what the minister says; the minister's right. Or what some other good person said; they're right. But you as an individual doesn't know Jesus is the Christ until the Holy Ghost has brought it to you. That's right.

```
1 Corinthians 12:3 Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.

```
**27** Now notice! And no man can have faith for healing until it's revealed to him by the Holy Spirit that he's going to get well. You might stumble at it. You might go through life living a good Christian life. You might belong to some church. You might have a fine membership. You might be a moral character, and all of that, but, brother, that still isn't Christianity. Christianity is when the Holy Ghost has taken full possession of you and you are led by the Holy Spirit. No matter how good, how moral, how good a church member... Cain was just as good as any church member. So was Esau: fine cultured gentleman. So was Cain very religious, believed in God, made sacrifice, built a church altar, done all the things that's religious, and God refused him. No man can say Jesus is the Christ, only by the Holy Ghost. Peter had been justified and believed on the Lord Jesus Christ. He'd even preached the Gospel. But Jesus told him, "After you are converted, then strengthen your brothers," see. "After you are converted..." Conversion is the Holy Spirit that moves the old nature out, and the new nature comes in, which is the Holy Ghost. And when a man has truly been born of the Spirit of God, he has everlasting life. Jesus said so. "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me (No man can say it, except by the Holy Ghost.)... He that heareth My words, believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation (or, judgment), but has passed from death unto life." That's what He said. I believe Him, don't you?

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:

Genesis 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

Luke 22:32 But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

1 Corinthians 12:3 Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.

```
**28** So someone said not long ago, said, "Brother Branham, I believe that we have the Holy Ghost. I believe that I am saved," and so forth. Well, how can you believe unless you have the Holy Spirit? You can't correctly believe. Now, there's the flaw. There's the thing that the Christian don't climb over. There's the thing the sick person don't climb over, see. There's a vast difference in looking at God's Word, and receiving God's Word. When you... Them that receive the Word---not them that examined it, but them that received it---God added to the church, such as be saved. Three thousand souls received the Word. Now, you can hear the Word preached. You can look at it and admit that it's right. Cain did; all the others did. But just where the word fell, brought forth... Them that received it, gladly was baptized, see. Receiving the Word.

**29** Now, when you receive the inspiration that Jesus Christ died for your sickness, it's that very hour that you're healing has come. That's right. When you receive from heaven that Jesus died for your sins and you have accepted it, you don't need any prayer for you then. You've already accepted it. It's settled. Now, we can preach the Word, explain the Word. But you have to receive the Word. Oh, hallelujah. That's what sets it afire, brother. When you receive it---the revelation---something slips out of the unseen world yonder, comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul, that says, "Now I see it." Your eyes brighten; your lips that hung down, straighten up and smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something's going to happen. Something... You don't need to be in a prayer line then. You've got it then.

**30** Now, that's where... If everybody in this building, at this time, would get in that kind of an attitude, every person would be perfectly healed. Now, how do we get people that way? Some can receive it. Some cannot receive it. But those who can receive it, they look at it, and accept it, believe it. Others, maybe another meeting. Now, that's one way of preaching it by the Word. Another way is to, maybe, somebody speak with tongues, and they give an interpretation and reveal the secrets of their heart. Or maybe, there'd be someone was a prophet would stand, and do something in the supernatural that you'd look up and say, "Oh, there it is. There it is." Then something happens to you. But you sit there and say, "Uhm, that's mental telepathy. Oh, I know, Dr. Jones said so." Brother, you're in a dangerous place. You're in a terrible place. You might say it's all punk, and so forth like that. But you'll answer at the day of judgment bar. That's right. And remember, when God is making His revelation, revealing Himself to His people... That's the benefit of the meetings. That's what God gave the gifts for, was to magnify Him, and to unify the people, and to bring the body together, and to help us to unite our efforts and our prayers. A person sitting in a group of people like this, where faith is gathered on every side, it'll help you to get well. There'll be people who listens to the Word being taught, that'll never be in a prayer line, yet they'll get well. For something happens subconsciously, maybe, that they don't even realize what it's about. They'll get well. Somebody sitting and watch one of the signs of the Lord appear, and he'll get well, see. It's when faith, anything that can stimulate that faith...

**31** Now, I can look at wheat here laying on my hand; I recognize it's wheat. I can say that it's wheat. I can show it to the ground, and if the ground could look, it'd say, "Yep, that's wheat. I believe it's wheat, every word of it." But that wheat can never produce wheat until this wheat falls into the ground and dies itself. Is that right? That's the man looking, fundamentally, saying, "Yes, I believe in healing. I believe it's right. I believe it's the Word of God. I believe it's for the believer. And I believe that I got faith to receive it." But until you receive it... Get what I mean? Then when you receive it, you rejoice. The Word's in there; it's settled; all doubts is dead; all the husk is dropped off; and new life has sprung up, growing into healing for yourself. That's when you really get your healing. That's where healing comes from. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**32** Now, faith is not healing. Faith produces healing, see. By faith are you saved. Now look, if here was a loaf of bread that cost a quarter. I believe that's about the price of it. And I had twenty-five cents. Now, twenty-five cents is the purchasing price of the bread, but I've got the twenty-five cents, but haven't got the bread. Now, you can have faith for healing, and I believe many of you have. But you can't receive healing until you purchase healing, by that faith that you have. You say, "Oh, Brother Branham, I wished I had the Holy Ghost. I got faith that I'll get it." Well then, just swap your faith for the Holy Ghost, see. That's all you have to do. When you got that faith, nothing can take it away from you. Now, if you're just making believe, if you're impersonating, if you're putting on, it won't work for you. But if it's real faith, it's over. God will do it right then. You believe that? And when you say, "Oh, yes, Brother Branham, I believe in divine healing." All right, if you believe in divine healing, then take that same faith that you got in divine healing and purchase your healing, see, and you that receive it by the faith... Sure.

**33** Someone said... We was talking about receiving the Holy Ghost. 'Course, being raised up and nurtured in my young days of my ministry in a Baptist church, and teaching that you receive the Holy Ghost when you believe, according to the Baptist church... But according to the Bible, you receive the Holy Ghost after you believe---after you believe. You believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, accept Him as your personal Saviour, and then receive the Holy Ghost. And until you have received the Holy Ghost, God has never recognized your faith. That's right. Abraham, the father of faith, believed God, in a case of healing and salvation. Through the healing brought salvation, 'cause it brought Isaac, and through Isaac come salvation.

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Ephesians 1:13 In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,

```
**34** Now notice that Abraham believed God. Was that right? And it was imputed to him for righteousness, and God give him a sign that He had received his faith. Amen. Do you get it? Look, see. Abraham said, "Lord, I believe You." No voice come back. I don't know. Well, he said, "Lord, I believe You." When no voice come back, Abraham didn't know. But God spoke back and give Abraham a sign that He had received his faith. He give him circumcision as a sign. Is that right? In other words, it was a confirmation of Abraham's faith. Then when he got the confirmation, he said, "Praise God, it's finished." He said, "I got faith, and God recognized it." When you say, "I've got faith," and God gives you the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it's a confirmation that God has received your faith. Amen. Well, you say, "Is the Holy Ghost circumcision?" Yes, sir. Amen. It is right. The Holy Ghost is the seal of the living God. It is the seal of God's approval of your faith. For Ephesians 4:30, said, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." Hallelujah! Now, when you say you've got faith for divine healing, and something strikes you and says, "Move out," that's the confirmation that God has received your faith for divine healing. That's right. When you got courage to put your faith in action. But when you say you got faith and afraid to let it go, your faith is dead, see. But when you got faith and willing to let it go, then God's confirming it with the signs following and you'll see your healing. That's true. When you've got faith...

```
Romans 4:11 And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:

Romans 4:22 And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

James 2:23 And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.

```
**35** Now, these meetings and people gathering, that's what it's for; is to encourage faith, to bring faith up. We couldn't heal. Certainly not. But we have a part in doing it. That's preaching the Gospel; that's one part in doing it. Another part would be speaking with tongues. That's a part, if it's by revelation. And a gift of prophecy, that's another. Then signs and wonders, and everything is gifts and everything in the church to stimulate the church, to keep the church together, for every attribute of Jesus' life, until He returns again in glory. Amen. Now, your enemy is the devil. And God has in every way, in every age, always tried to keep people well. Do you believe that? God has never left the people anytime, without a provided way of healing. You name it in the Scriptures, when He did. No matter how blacked out, how far away the people got, God had a provided way of healing. He's always had it. He's had someone who believed it, too. Look, way back in the early days, He had a provided way. Then He had a brass serpent; that was God's provided way for the children of Israel, plumb back, coming out of the land of Egypt. When they started their march, He knowed there would be sickness, so He just said... Well, He provided a way.

**36** I was preaching here sometime ago, somewhere, on Moses was a doctor, Doctor Moses. I don't know whether you believe it or not, but he was a doctor. The Bible said, "He was taught in all the wisdom of the Egyptians." Is that right? So they were boasting physicians. Oh, my. And so, Doctor Moses... And I'd imagine a lot of medics here of Chicago, would like to know how Moses kept two million people healthy and strong for forty years, and marched them out of the wilderness without a feeble one among them. Wouldn't that be wonderful? I'd like to have some of those remedies he had; wouldn't you? I wonder how many fig poultices and things he used back there. How many herbs and penicillin shots he had. Doctor Moses: He had two million people that he brought out of Egypt, approximately, and brought them out of Egypt, taking them over to Palestine. And in there, how many babies would be born in one night? Doctor Moses had to do the visiting. How many people got stomach ache through the day, eating what they could find along the road? How many calls would Doctor Moses have to make every night? Did you ever think of that? And how many people over them rocks and things, fell and skinned their legs, and maybe, broke a leg or something or other like that every day? 'Course, they were murmuring and backsliding and everything else, so they got in trouble. And Doctor Moses...

```
Acts 7:22 And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was mighty in words and in deeds.

```
**37** Would you like to look at his medicine chest and see what all he had? The Bible gives it. Did you know the Bible gives every speck of medicine Moses had with him? Did you know that? I'll show it to you, just in a moment. Now, we're just going to look over here in his medicine chest, and see what Moses had, now. Exodus, all right. Let's look, here it is. It opens up. "I am the Lord thy God, that healeth thee." That's every prescription he had. So when somebody says a baby was going to be born, the mother was in trouble, "I'm the Lord, thy God, that healeth thee." If they had a man with ... something would happen, put one of his eyes out: "I'm the Lord, thy God, that healeth thee." And when a man fell and broke his leg: "I'm the Lord, thy God, that healeth thee." If one of the children had pneumonia: "I'm the Lord, thy God, that healeth thee." "Doctor Moses, what have you got on the menu tonight? What's on the way tonight? What's on the charter tonight? We've got a sick baby down here." Moses said, "I'm the Lord, thy God, that healeth thee." "Thank you, Doctor Moses, we'll go use it. Lord, You said You was the Lord, thy God, that healeth the baby. Amen. We believe you, Lord." The next morning the baby was playing. That's it. "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." The only prescription Moses had, and brought two million people through the wilderness forty years, and there wasn't a feeble, or a crippled, or a blind that come out of the wilderness with them. Hallelujah! Excuse me, that just had to blow out; that's all. It'd been holding back there for about a half hour. All right.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

```
**38** "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." That's the only prescription they knowed. And that worked very good. Give me a doctor today that'll keep two million people well for forty years, he'll certainly have some practice. He will make himself a reputation. Well, I tell you, the same prescription that Moses used is open to every person in the world today. Amen. "Whosoever will, let him come and drink from the waters of the foun... the waters of life freely. Whosoever will, let him come." Amen.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**39** Now, that's where we're getting down to home line, now. I feel religious now. My! That's the prescription. That's the one we're trying to introduce to the world today. If you can believe... Jesus said, "I can, if you can." "Lord, have mercy on me," said the blind man. "Dost thou believe that I can do this?" "Yea, Lord, we believe." "I can, if ye believe that I can." He touched their eyes. That's what they wanted, is hands laid on. Said, "Now, according to your faith, be it unto you." And they had what they said they had. Their eyes come open, and they glorified God. There it was.

```
Matthew 9:27 And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

Matthew 9:28 And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

Matthew 9:30 And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.

```
**40** One day, He was sitting in a house teaching. And the first thing you know, stuff begin to fall around on the floor. I can imagine see Him looking. "Wonder what's climbing up there." In a few minutes something else begin to fall. They was taking the roof off the house. They had some fellow there; they was going to bring him over to get him before the Lord. And now, this fellow that come might not have had very much faith. So they let him down. Jesus, looking at the man, knowed that he had sinned and done wrong. But perceiving their faith, He believed their faith. Hallelujah! He looked at the man, knowing the thoughts of his heart; He said, "Your sins is forgiven you now. Get up and go on." Hallelujah! That's the thing we're needing in Chicago and everywhere else today: A revelation of the power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ, that through speaking His Word, has life. Jesus coming by the tree one day, looked upon the tree, and said, "No fruit grow on you. No man eat from you from henceforth." Went on up, nothing happened. The next day, they was coming back about eleven o'clock. They'd run them out up there at the temple, the Pharisees and Sadducees mocking and making fun of Him. He passed on by, and Peter, you know, always walking along, you know, looking at everything. He looked over there and that tree begin to wither. He said, "Lord, look at there; that tree that Thou did curse yesterday, it's already withered." Jesus turned and said, "Have faith in God. For everything you desire, when you pray, believe you receive it, and you shall have it." Is that right? "When you pray, believe you receive it."

```
Matthew 21:19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

Matthew 21:20 And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!

Matthew 21:21 Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

Mark 2:4 And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.

Mark 2:5 When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.

Mark 11:13 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.

Mark 11:14 And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.

Mark 11:20 And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.

Mark 11:21 And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.

Mark 11:22 And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**41** Now, what happened to that tree? Jesus... How many knows that a tree has a germ of life? Everybody does. If it didn't, it wouldn't live. Now, there was... Now watch, the tree died from where? The roots. The Bible said it was withered from the roots. Now, in the root was the tree life. Jesus didn't speak to the leaves; neither did He speak to the branches. He never spoke to the roots, but He spoke to the life. And the life left the tree. The tree was left standing without life. It was withering. Is that right? Now, would it be any harder for Jesus to speak to a cancer, than it would be the tree? Is that right? Speak to a tumor, a cataract? any other germ? any other life? He said, "No man eateth from thee from henceforth." And the tree begin to wither the next day. It didn't have any life. If He'd say, "Bother this man no more." And He said, "When you say (not Me, not what I say, what you say) ... believe that it'll come to pass, and the life will leave it."

```
Matthew 21:19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

Mark 11:14 And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.

Mark 11:20 And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.

```
**42** What is a cancer? What is a disease? We'll deal on that for the next five minutes now. What is a cancer? What caused that thing? Let's take a cancer, or anything you wish to take: tubercular, pneumonia, whatever you wish to---any disease. Diseases are germs. Let me pass something here quickly, as our time's a going. Listen, did you know the Bible predicts that in the last days that there'll be a germ warfare? that diseases will break out upon the people, and will fall on everyone without the baptism of the Holy Spirit? But with the Angel who had charge over these plagues was given orders to touch no one on whom the mark was. What kind of teachers have we got to be, brethren, to get the church in order to be in that condition? Immune. My arms are sore now, from where the doctors has punched needles in to try to inoculate me from yellow fever and so forth. I told them I didn't need it. But they wouldn't listen to me. But I tell you what God's going to do. God's got a serum, and it's called the Holy Ghost. And when that serum goes in, it'll inoculate you. Hallelujah! In the last days...

**43** I remember one time during the '37 flood; everybody had to take typhoid shots. And so, I was escaping mine. I was a lineman, so I was out and gone. Some fellow walked up and he said, "Have you got your shots yet?" I said, "Oh, yes. I got my shot." He said, "You did?" Said, "Did it make you sick?" I said, "Oh, no." I said, "No, it sure didn't." He said, "When did you get your shot?" I said, "Oh, about three years ago." "Three years?" He said, "Well, you ought to take another one." I said, "I get one about every hour." All right. I was just going on to him.

**44** But look, friends, the time is coming, that when there is rising up a church. If we can't have faith for divine healing, how are we going to have faith for the rapture? We've got to move out, friends. We've got to get out of this old, slow, church condition that we're in. Step out. Launch out. Cut the shorelines, and get out into somewhere, where you lose all senses of fear and doubt, out there where all things are possible, brother, just as free as it can be. You've got your sail set towards heaven, and nothing can stir you no way. You're gone that way; that's all. Nothing can harm you. Now, that's the kind of a church that's going to be, one of these days, according to the Bible. Where the Angel poured our His wrath and diseases broke out, and men even rotted in their flesh where they were standing. And the fowls of the air come down and eat off of the shoulders, and eat the flesh of chief-captains, and great men, and presidents, and warriors, and diplomats, and potentates, and everything---eat. But the Angel was given charge, "Don't you come near anyone that's got the seal of God in their forehead." It's going to be a... One of these days divine healing's going to be a great thing among the people. So let's get in condition. God wants us... You say, "Well, Brother Branham, you say, 'Let us...'" That's what God's waiting on. God... We're waiting on Jesus to return, and Jesus is waiting on us. You say, "What can we do about it?" The Bible said the hour has come, and His bride has made herself ready (Hallelujah!)--- made herself ready.

```
Revelation 9:4 And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.

```
**45** Diseases, cancer, growths, what are they? We'll take, for instance... Here stands a young lady, looks like in the very best of health, strong, healthy looking. And maybe, in a few weeks we begin to notice her health failing. Well, they wonder why. They'll go to a doctor, maybe. And the doctor will look her over; he'd say, "Well." First thing you know, he'll check her blood or something another, or give her an examination and find out there's a cancer. Now, for eighteen or twenty years, she was in perfect health. But in her comes another growth. A growth, before if it's a-growing, it's a life. Now, here's what diseases are. Listen close. Some of them don't take body forms, some goes otherwise. Just like there's a demon of that, and there's one of epilepsy, and there's different ones. Some of them takes on body form.

**46** Now notice. There was one time when you wasn't nothing or anywhere, but there'll never be a time but what you'll be something or somewhere. Now, if you'll notice this, just a moment. Now, when you first started out in this world, you were just about the size... Well, you were smaller than anything the human eye can see. And that was a germ coming from the male, the father. The mother is the incubator. In there come this little germ. And the first thing happened, after that little germ taken its position in the womb, then a cell in this little teeny cell swelled and it popped a little place out, like a little swollen place in a thread. The germ of life---I've noticed it through glasses, through doctor friends---it looks like a little thread like, little fuzz, little hair of a thing, so teeny. But in there then, comes out a little ... one little gland out of this gland, begins to swell. And then another one swells on top of that, and another one on top of that; starts in the spine. And it moves out; the last is the navel cord. Notice, then as it begins to feed through this cord... Now, first, it's about the size of a grape, then about a lemon, then an orange, then begin to take on form. And at nine months, the baby is born. It keeps on multiplying cells. And it comes on, if nothing interrupts it, till maybe it's a man of hundred and seventy or eighty pounds, two hundred pounds, or a woman, so forth, whatever is determined by the Lord. And there is that baby in...

**47** Let's take it down now again. Let's take it down cell by cell. The arm comes off, the head comes off, the body comes off, on down until it's one little cell. That's where it started from. Then that little cell drops down to a germ. Well, what is that one germ? That one germ is a teeny, little, visible cell, the smallest of all cells. Now, what's beyond that? His spirit, life. The life is in itself, supernatural, as it comes out of the supernatural, and the cosmotics, and so forth, and the petroleum that make up the body swells and produces itself, moving out; but the first thing is a life. Now, let's think about a cancer. What is a cancer then? A cancer is another life. How many knows that's true? Tumor, cataract, any of those things, or germs are another life. Now, here comes in you somewhere, another little life. Usually a cancer comes from a bruise. And all the things of the natural type the spiritual. Such as in the natural birth...

**48** Now, I don't see people here but what's old enough to understand this, and I got a mixed congregation. This would be a doctor's talk, and I'm your brother, so listen. In the life, the first thing in a baby, when it's born a natural birth, the first thing is water (Is that right?), blood, then spirit. It's got twitching of muscles, but not till it's born has it life. Now notice, but... I mean breathing life, you know what I mean. Now look, so is it in the spiritual birth. The first thing, the things that come out of Jesus' body, the elements that came from His body is what makes up the spiritual body. When Jesus died, what came from ... what did come out of His body? Water, blood, and Spirit. Is that right? Now, that's the things that makes up the supernatural birth. When a man is born again, he's ... three elements that he has to go through: water, blood, Spirit: justification by faith, believing on the Lord; sanctification, that life being cleansed up; and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Not three works of grace, one grace... Notice, justification by faith, sanctification through the blood, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. When a baby is born: water, blood, and spirit. When a baby's born, new born baby in heaven, he comes through water, blood, and Spirit. The natural types the spiritual: every thing on the earth. That was my first Bible, to watch nature. You get nature typed up with God, and you find out you got the same things.

```
John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.

1 John 5:6 This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.

```
**49** Notice in here. Now, we see where you come from. Your father and mother was married, through a holy union, promised God that they'd live together and so forth, and through holy wedlock... And then by the pollen brought forth children, "Go multiply and replenish the earth" was God's plan," and that's where you come from. But now, here you are growing up, and here's another life comes into you, called cancer. Now, where'd he come from? He wasn't there in the beginning, but here he is there now. Now, what happened? Now, a cancer in the natural realms would be a scavenger, buzzard, eats dead things. A cancer comes from a bruise. A bruised cell, usually is where it's comes from. The cell is bruised, all mashed up. And that ... otherwise, the cell is backslidden. If something happens in there that fails to get the function of blood to it right. And through there, Satan, the author of death---which God is the Author of life---Satan, the author of death, puts a demon in there, called a devil, demon, called cancer. Cancer is not its name. Medical science just give it a cancer. The word cancer come the word "crab." And then, it means with legs and things that runs out. And like other diseases, they're given medical terms. Then that little cancer comes in there; first it is a spirit. Then it gets into a backslidden cell, or a bruised cell, or a cell that's not operating right.

```
Genesis 1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.

Genesis 9:1 And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.

```
**50** Oh, I'd like to preach the Gospel, now for five minutes, if I had the time. That's what happens in the church. When you get someone failing to operate with the church, someone failing, and pulling off, and getting indifferent, that's a cancer in the church. It's a devil in that person. That's right. And that causes the whole church to be sick over it. The best thing to do is to have a spiritual operation. Now, but in this: This little cell backslid, and the cancer come in. The cancer lays there... First it's a spirit. Then it forms a teeny little cell of its own. And this little cell becomes its first... I couldn't call the big word for it, but the first form of life, is the cancer, painless. No one knows it's happening. And now, this little cell is born; it must feed. In order to feed, it has to feed on your bloodstream. Just like you fed on the bloodstream in the mother's womb. You fed on the substance that she eat and so forth. So does this cancer feed on the substance of your body. It's one little cell. Then it grows; it begin to feed. Another cell breaks out; another cell breaks out; another cell breaks out, and after while, cell on cell, cell on cell, tumor, cataract, whatever it may be, grows bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger, larger, spreading out, more cells, more cells. The first thing you know, it begins to sap so much blood, till this young lady begins to feel sick, see. What is it? It's also poison; it's death. It runs into every little fiber of the body that it can, down in the tissues, stretching its legs down, weeding out like the roots of a tree, going all around, wrapping through the intestines, up through the spine. The doctor comes along, opens up; there's nothing can be done. The man, to the best of his knowledge, is saying everything he knows. There it is. Sew the patient back up; it's finished. It's all. There's nothing can be done. You can't take the person all apart. We couldn't find it all anyhow. There it is. The patient's hopelessly, helplessly, and gone then, as far as the doctor's concerned.

**51** Now, here is divine healing. Oh, I'm past time. Now, wait a minute. I oughtn't to have said that. Notice! Let this soak in now, real good. Here's the patients coming. They come moving up; here stands the Healer, as we call it in the terms, 'cause I imagine we're all Christians here this afternoon. Here stands the one that's like the preacher, the healer, the prophet, whatever it may be. Here he stands. He's just a man, but here comes the Holy Ghost down and anoints this person. Then he's not his own; he's got a secret in his own heart that only him and God knows. He submits himself into the Spirit. Like a preacher going to the pulpit, submits himself. He's got a text all here, "Oh, this is what I've got to preach on." But the first thing he knows, it don't work. A real Spirit-filled preacher will follow the Spirit every time. If he tries that old dry sermon, he'll make his congregation go to sleep. But if he goes ahead and follows the Spirit, God will lead him right out into deep waters with it. You know that's right. God's trying to get a message forth. Well, here's the man standing with healing now. He's anointed. Now, the first thing you know, here comes a patient walking up. Truly faith, here stands the man anointed. As the patient begins to move up, the anointed man---not the man now; he's just human---but the Spirit that's on him... Jesus said, "Not Me, but My Father that dwelleth in Me."

```
John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**52** Here comes the patient walking up. Now, the healer's standing. He's watching the patient as he comes. His heart must be for the patient. He must love the patient. He must be willing to do anything to see that patient get well. His whole human soul has to go to that patient in divine love, because he's knowing he's standing in the stead of the Lord Jesus Christ. And knowing at the day of judgment, he'll have to answer for every word. You must realize what you're doing. The patient walks up. The first thing you know, that cancer in that patient begins to move. What's the matter? It's recognizing not that man; it's recognizing that Spirit on the man. I've had them to come when they'd be in straight jackets, and holler, screaming, didn't even know their own name, say, "William Branham, you've got nothing to do with me." And the people say, "Why, they don't even know their own name." It wasn't them, it was that devil that had them so controlled like that, that he knowed what it was. "You have nothing to do with me." Here they come up now, there you see your patient, moving up. What are you going to do? You're helpless. You turn to the audience. A critic spirit come in here; one coming from here; one coming from up here. You're anointed; you can feel it. Just like going "Wheww, wheww, wheww." You can feel that. Then, you can feel and know that this spirit here... If you'll watch your anointing, feel for the Holy Spirit, you'll hear another one over here crying. It's this one here crying to that one there for help to try to create an unbelief amongst the people, anything that he can do. Here's an old demon-possessed person sitting there, saying, "Now, look, he's just reading their mind." If he can get that same spirit on the one next to him, the one next to him, the one next to him, they build up a chain. You see? Jesus, He took Peter, James, and John, He put the unbelievers outside.

```
Mark 5:37 And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.

Mark 5:38 And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.

Mark 5:39 And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:51 And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

```
**53** When Jesus went to heal a blind man, them standing around criticizing, He took him by the hand, took him out of the city. When Peter went in to raise Dorcas, they was all screaming and crying and going on. He took them every one out. That's right. Get to yourself. Here's the patient, but you're standing here like a public show almost. Oh, what'll take place? What will be the decision of this woman standing here? I see you... Then the first thing you know, the Spirit begins to anoint. She's coming with good faith, coming believing with all of her heart. Here you are standing here the same way. Here's these demon powers then working, all out through there, trying to get cooperation wherever it can. That's the reason you say ... hear me say sometime, "This woman here has certain, certain things. That woman there has the same thing. That one over there has the same thing. That one over there..." It's every time the truth. Is that right? What is it? It's that channel there, them demons screaming. Why, in a vision, you can almost see a dark streak. That's right. And it's just, as a pull. You can feel it. I don't know how to tell you you do it. But you do it.

```
Mark 8:23 And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.

Acts 9:37 And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.

Acts 9:38 And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.

Acts 9:39 Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

Acts 9:40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

```
**54** Now, what the thing is, you're trying to help the patient. Now, here's the patient. What are you going to do? I'll say, "Oh, my. Now, Lord, You said, 'That if you'd be sincere, and get the people to believe you, and when you prayed, nothing would stand before the prayer.'" I said, "Lord, they won't believe me." He said, "There will be given to you two gifts like was given unto Moses, and you'll perform these things. And by this, they will believe." The first thing, that... The main thing is not nothing... That don't nothing to do with the healing of the people. He told me that I was born in this world to pray for sick people, and if I could get the people to believe me, and be sincere when I prayed, nothing would stand before the prayer. That's what He told me. And it's the truth. That's right. It's not... See, this is not the healing. This is only to accumulate a faith to believe in healing.

**55** There's the patient standing there. Now, I'm wondering what to do. I feel myself swaying and going. Looks like something is going from you. It's a battle going on. Here's the Holy Spirit standing here holding its ground. God's Word's right. There's men and women setting there, anointed with the devil, saying, "It's hypnotism; it's psychology. It's all this or that. It's wrong; it's wrong." Trying to anoint the rest of the crowd. And here's the Holy Spirit trying to get them to believe. Them that's gathered is one unit. That's right. Gathered together, bind theirselves... Then, when I can feel that spirit settling upon the people, something's fixing to take place. I look around, I think, Now, Holy Spirit, You told me that I'd know the secrets of their heart. And by this, they would believe me. I say, "Now, Lord, in my heart, let me know what this woman's done, or what's wrong with her." And the first thing you know, I break into another world. And I hear my voice, yet I don't know that I'm speaking. Yet, I'm talking to this woman, telling her what she done. She was at a doctor's office; she did a certain thing. He said she had cancer. When she certain, certain done this. And where she... I see her come out of a house; I look up and see the house number. I look at a street, maybe I recognize the city, or see a sign, or something. She's got something in her hand. Or where she's kneeling praying, or something like that. Then the first thing you know, it fades from me. And when it does, I say, "You believe? Is that the truth, sister?" "That's the truth. That's every bit the truth."

**56** Then, I look back, and I feel that battle still going on. Then, what am I going to do? I don't know. I say, "Well, have faith in God." I pray, and let them go on. Nine times out of ten, the life's still beating right there. But here comes another one just like her, the same thing's done. As soon as she walks there, and that's revealed to her, brother, something happens down in here. What happens? Then, I feel that the spirit is right; I say, "Satan, come out of her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." The same God that spoke and brought life out of that tree, the same Holy Spirit speaking, bringing the life out of that cancer that's eating that woman up. Right! She hurries off, and she goes home, telling people, "Oh, God healed me." Her husband said, "Now, now, you're getting all worked up." She goes and tell her self-styled pastor. "Why the days of miracles is past. Go ask your doctor." Doctor: "Why, the growth's still there. Don't you believe that holy-roller." Why sure, the tree was still standing there. But the life was out of it. Hallelujah! Let her go on saying, "Yes, I believe it. I don't care how many times my husband says no, if there's a growth that big around, I still... Something in my heart told me, I'm healed."

**57** Sometimes a vision will break forth; I see her years later. I'll say, "Thus saith the Lord." Brother, watch that then. It's already happened. "Thus saith the Lord, you are healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You're going to be well." There ain't enough devils out of hell can break it then. That's right. That woman will go home. She'll feel good for a few days; the life's gone out. There's the cancer still there. She'll feel good for few days, and she'll go on rejoicing; and the first thing you know, that corruption (The wither begin from the root.)... What was it? That tiny little germ that went in there, first, that caused that cancer, that life has gone out. Casting out devils. Hallelujah! That devil is gone. And when it's gone, the believer believes it. And it wasn't my faith; it was the operation of the Holy Ghost through me that give her faith. Her own faith is what made her well. Then she's healed. There she goes about. And no matter how sick she gets, she still believes that there's nothing can change her. She's solid; she believes it with all of her heart. She's bound to get sick. That old thing begins to swell. First thing you know, it gets worse; she gets sick. She gets a fever; she gets down. Sure, it's dying, rotting right away. The patient gets well. Sometimes there's a miracle performed; it just vanishes away. But, what is it? Casting out devils.

**58** Jesus said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, not only this tree, but if you'll say to that mountain, 'Be removed,' and don't doubt in your heart. But believe that what you said will come to pass..." Oh, glory! Oh, my. I like these afternoon meetings, when we just get together like this. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, "In My name, they shall cast out devils." Hallelujah! That's what He said. That's what I believe. That's "Thus saith the Lord. In My name, they shall cast out devils, and they'll lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." There's a devil exposed. Your cancer was a little pet name called cancer; he's a devil. That little old fever that's been bothering you, it's a devil. Yes, indeedy.

```
Matthew 21:21 Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**59** Used to be a long time ago, when prohibition was in, they had the old whiskey jug called "John Barleycorn," with a great, big old straw hat on it, and big funny-looking eyes. And he was a horrible looking thing. You know what? They took old John Barleycorn down, and they put him in little tin bumpers, in little cans. People set them all in their ice box, all polished up and in society. But, brother, at the bottom of it is still the same old, damnable, rotten liquor drink that ever was in the first place. He's still the same. If he's in bumpers or whatever he's in, it's still the same old devil. And you might call him, in this other medical realm, you might call it cancer, you might call it tumor, cataract, or fungus, or whatever you want to. But it's still the same old devil that Jesus said, "Come out of the man." Hallelujah! "I'm the Lord, thy God, that forgiveth all thine iniquities, who healeth all of thy diseases." Do you believe it?

```
Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

Mark 5:8 For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.

Luke 8:29 (For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man. For oftentimes it had caught him: and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters; and he brake the bands, and was driven of the devil into the wilderness.)

```
**60** Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee this afternoon for the gathering. As the Word has been all chopped up, Lord, but may the Holy Spirit someway divide it out straightly and give it to every heart. May when these people come to this meeting tonight, may they come with such a stern determination that nothing's going to bother them no more. May faith be instilled in their heart, till the devils of hell can't shake them no way. And may this be a time of revival, moving among the people. Lord, may the lame walk, the blind see, the cancers be healed, devils cast out. May this week produce such a revival, that Chicago will long remember. And make this meeting so salty. You said, "You're the salt of the earth. But if the salt has only got a look, and not a savor, it is henceforth good for nothing but to be laughed at." And, Father, we pray, that every Christian will take his post of duty, get on the telephone, call others. Do everything he can. Go out in the country, dragging them from the hedges, and highways, and byways. The lame, halt, blind, which was the last call that Jesus said would be before the coming, the great supper... Grant it, Father, and we'll praise Thee in eternity when the battle's all over, the hot sun is finished, and we sit down under the shade of the evergreen tree, there to rest when the old war ... the implements of war is stacked together. The last sermon's preached; the devil's defeated, and chained up, and sent into hell. All the demons are bound (Hallelujah!), no more cancer, no more diseases. Everything is whipped out, and Christ is King, and God is our King, and the saints live and reign with Him forever. Till then, may the Holy Ghost guide the church and bless us in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, and I'll see you tonight.

```
Matthew 5:13 Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.
```
