---
Date: 1954-03-29
Title: Redemption by Power
DayOfTheWeek: Monday
Location: the Male High School in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 19 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Redemption by Power



**1** Thank you, kindly. Good evening, friends. It's a privilege to be here tonight, to address you again in the name of our dear Lord Jesus Christ. And it's always a privilege to meet God's people, anywhere, and to speak of that great name, Jesus. I certainly appreciate the song our brother just sang. That's my favorite. In the day that when they're trying to make Jesus just merely a prophet, or a good man, or a teacher, that really brings out His Deity, what He was. And I believe that He was...

**2** There was never One like Him, on earth, never will be. He was Emmanuel. He was Alpha, Omega; the beginning and the end; He that was, which is, and shall come; the Root and Offspring of David; the Morning Star. In Him dwelt Deity. In Him was God. "God was in His Son, in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself." Jesus said, "It's not me that doeth the works, but it's my Father that dwelleth in me. My Father and I are one," God made manifest, in flesh. What a marvelous revelation of God's love to us! He would unfold Himself and come down and dwell in human flesh, in order to take away sin and sickness from the human race, and redeem us back to the Father. That's wonderful, isn't it? We sure appreciate that.

```
John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**3** Now, last night... I guess I'll have to kind of apologize. Billy got me, a little quick, last night, because it was kind of a... I got weak. But those meetings, that discerning... And no one will ever know what that is, 'less it's just... You have to come into it to know it, see. There's no way of trying to explain it. There's not a way that you could do it. It's just an experience that no one knows about, only those who go through it. What it does to the human race, what it does to the man: brings the very life right of him! Well, you're living in two worlds; you're in a world here, and you're in a world there. You're with somebody else, maybe fifty years ago; then you may be with somebody, years from today, to come; and yet you realize you're standing on the platform here, and you're speaking something that happened many, many years ago; maybe weeks ago, months ago; another nation, another place, or something. And then you try to keep yourself straight, in that, and thinking; tell you, it's quite a thing. But the Lord has blessed us so far, in it, and we're very happy, and trust now that God will get glory from the meeting.

**4** Now, in the services tonight, I thought, while we're just a little handful of people together (Our meetings is only advertised locally here, and it's just for the local people.), and before we get into the larger part of the meetings, I was thinking today that I would try to maybe get some of the old-fashioned teaching out of the Bible, to the people, that when the great event comes, if God sends it to us, then we'll be able to understand it better.

**5** After all, divine healing is just the bait on the hook to catch the fish, as you know. It's just ... that's the one... The fish grabs at the bait and gets the hook. So our main ... our one alternative is this: that souls won to Jesus Christ. If God heals you tonight, you may get sick again before you die. You may be sick again, in a year from now, two years from now; may be sick in a week from now, or a day from now. I don't know. But there's one thing sure: You're going to leave this world, some of these days, 'cause this is just patched up. But that soul ever comes in contact with the Holy Spirit and is born again, you have eternal life. No matter what happens here, you never perish. Jesus said, "He that heareth my words, believeth on Him that sent me, hath," that's present tense, "everlasting life, shall not come into condemnation; but hath," past tense, "passed from death unto life." That'd make us all Methodists and start shouting, wouldn't it? (That's right) to think that, that God has did that. Now, that's not my word; that's His (Saint John 5:24).

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**6** Saint John 6: Jesus said, "He that eats my flesh, and drinks my blood, has everlasting life; and I will raise him up at the last day." That's right. "He that eats my flesh, and drinks my blood, has," that's present tense, "everlasting life." Now, if it's "everlasting," it doesn't just go from one revival to the other, but it goes through eternity. And now, for some of you ministers that's sitting by, knowing that that "everlasting life" comes from the same word that means "God's life." The word Zoe, Greek word, which means "God's own life."

```
John 6:54 Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**7** Then we become a son or a daughter of God, an offspring of God, with part of God's life in us. We could no more perish than God could perish, if we tried. So, we have everlasting life; and going to be raised up in the last days. That wonderful? That would make Baptists, Methodists, shake hands and shout, wouldn't it? Sure would. That's right. That's the good thing about the old-time religion. It just makes everybody sit together and love one another. Sure does. Takes all the differences away, makes new creatures. It'll make a tuxedo coat and a pair of overalls put their arms around one another and say, "Brother, how you getting along?" That's right. Sure will. It'll make a silk dress and a calico put their arms around and say, "Sister, I love you." That's what it does. It sure does, just tears down the difference. "Rich or poor, bond or free, we're all one in Christ Jesus."

**8** Sunday, at the Tabernacle, which I see there's a whole group of Tabernacle people sitting here, we had a Sunday school lesson on, the Redemption By The Blood. And I got so wound up in it, till I feel like I'm still in another sphere somewhere on: Redemption By Blood. And tonight, after the family had left and had come over here early, to get to hear the song service, and so forth. I was in the room, and seemed like... I begin to read in the Scriptures and I found something. I thought, Well, if the Lord willing, I'll just talk on that a little while tonight. That's, Redemption By Blood, Sunday. Now, tonight, I'm going to speak on Redemption By Power. And tomorrow night I'm going to speak on Redemption In Completeness (if God willing, that is)--- In Joy. In blood, in power, and in joy; redemption!

**9** And to pull this out... Now, many people, as fine, educated scholars knows how to break through and give these kind of revelation, maybe, for this, or that, or cast some... But, me, I'm kind of one of these here illiterate type of preachers that's... Only thing that I know to do, to be sure that I'm pretty-near right, anyhow, is to go to the shadows. If I started walking towards the wall, and the light on this side, I could tell just about what I looked like; whether I was a four-footed beast, or a fowl, or what it was, if I see what kind of a shadow I reflect.

**10** Now, the Old Testament was a shadow of the New Testament. It was the negative. Like the moon to the sun; the sun shining on the moon reflects the light to the earth. And I just love the Old Testament! It's just as full of parables like that, or ... as it can be. Now, the perfect... In Genesis, when God made the sun first, the moon next, that moon and sun represents Christ and the church. Just as the sun comes up in its power and glory; and when it goes down, it reflects its light to the moon, in the darkness, to give light on the earth while the sun is gone. Jesus, when He left, He went into glory and reflected His light back on the church; to give the church light of the Gospel until He returns. (Oh, my!) And then they'll get married. That'll be wonderful. It'll be one great light of moon and... "The Lamb is the light thereof." They needed no more sun, in the city.

```
Genesis 1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

Revelation 21:23 And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.

```
**11** Now, for a little preview, let's go back into Exodus. And I hope you don't get tired of me talking in Exodus. One time, in my church across the river, I preached, I believe, about a year and six months, on Job, every night. They'd come back; I'd just take a little part of Job, and going on, we'd make it run through the Bible. Every Scripture dovetails together. There's no contradiction in God's Word. No, sir. Every bit, perfect! The only book ever written that's inspired like that, that can perfectly... Wrote by many writers, and many hundreds of years apart; and every one of them, by the Holy Spirit speaking, dovetails right together. That's the reason, on all these extra books, the Maccabees and things, it don't coincide with this, so I don't accept it. This is God's Word, to me.

**12** And some woman wrote me a letter and said... I was preaching Job on the ash heap. She said, "Brother Branham, you've been ... had Job on the ash heap about long enough, don't you think? Been there about six weeks." Said, "When you ever going to get him off of the ash heap?" Well, I said, "When the Holy Spirit quits pushing the words out of there, I guess I'll just have to quit saying it." But as long as He kept me talking about him on the ash heap, well, I just stayed right with it; and souls getting saved.

**13** So, like the evangelist, came to the city. He preached... One night, he preached on repentance. The next night, he preached on repentance. The next night, he preached on repentance. After about four or five nights, the deacon board met him and said, "Brother, can't you preach anything else besides repentance?" Said, "Oh, yes. Let them all repent, first, then I will preach on something else." That's a good idea: Everyone repent, then we can preach on something else. All right.

**14** For a little preview now, to those ... for especially those who were not at the Tabernacle Sunday morning: We want to drop back over to the 12th chapter. But our basic thought tonight is in the 14th chapter, beginning with the 13th verse of Exodus. Now, we left off on the 10th verse, Sunday morning, of the Redemption By Blood. Most all of you are acquainted with the story, I'm sure. Now we know that we could pull back the leaves of this book, and turn these pages over. But there's only One who can open the book, that's Jesus Christ. John saw the book. It was sealed. "And he wept because there was no man in Heaven could open it, no man on earth, no man beneath the earth. But there was a Lamb that had been slain from the foundation of the world, come took the book out of the right hand of Him that sat upon the throne, and opened the seals and opened the book, loosed the seals thereof. And He was worthy, for He had been slain from the foundation of the world." Let's speak to Him, tonight, and ask Him to open it for us just now.

```
Revelation 5:3 And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.

Revelation 5:4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.

Revelation 5:5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.

Revelation 5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.

Revelation 5:7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.

```
**15** Now, kind, loving Father, we come to Thee, addressing Thee first, in the name of Jesus. Praying now, that, as we stand here, sheltered under this roof, tonight, where that storm is raging outside, rains twisting and blowing, we're so thankful to have the house of God to come into. And we're thankful that there is a tower, a refuge; You said, "The name of the Lord is a mighty tower; the righteous run into it and are safe." We're so glad that we know the name of the Lord, and have come into it. Now we pray that You'll open this Word to us, tonight, Father. May the Holy Spirit come and get into the Word. Circumcise the lips of this poor humble servant, and the hearts of those who will listen---Your children. And may the Holy Spirit take just the words of God and place it in every heart, just where it's needed. Bless us now. Renew our minds, tonight, in Thy Spirit. Get glory out of the service. Save the lost; heal the sick; bring home the backslidden, Lord. And we'll give Thee the praise, for we ask it in the name of Thy beloved Son, Jesus. Amen.

```
Proverbs 18:10 The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.

```
**16** Now turn to the 10th verse of the 12th chapter of Exodus. We were reading, the Redemption By Blood, how that God had ordained a lamb to be slain in each house, how there was to be nothing left over. The judgments had been falling, and the last judgment now was ready to fall. God was going to fulfill His Word, to the letter. And all those judgments back there was a perfect sign ... or, a perfect type of the judgments which are ready to fall now. And if you'll notice, before the judgment fell... Now, ministers may disagree with me on this, which is all right. But before the judgment started hitting Egypt, God sent Israel to Goshen. They were in Goshen, and no plague fell on them. A perfect type of the church carried over, through the tribulation, see. All right.

**17** Then at the last plague that struck the earth there ... or, struck Egypt was death. All you Bible readers here know your Sunday school lessons and so forth, has taken this, perhaps, many times. But, death was the last enemy that struck Egypt. And the last enemy that's going to strike the church now is death, spiritually speaking. Those who will not follow Christ, in baptism of the Holy Spirit, will spiritually dry up and die; the churches---you see it now. After many, many great revivals and evangelists has passed through the land, and yet the church is---that is, politically-church speaking, is getting worse all the time. Its members are just living any way they want to, doing anything they want to, yet, calling themselves Christians, and say they're all right. To be a Christian means to be "Christ-like." Go no place you wouldn't want to be if Christ would come. Say nothing you wouldn't want to be saying when Christ comes. Doing nothing that you wouldn't want to be doing when Christ comes. Think nothing you wouldn't want to be thinking when Christ comes. Keep your one motive, your heart centered on Calvary. Amen. "Walk in the light, as He is in the light, and we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, cleanses us from all unrighteousness." That's Methodists, Baptists, and all of us together, makes us all one in Him.

```
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.

```
**18** Now, the last ... the last thing was death. And before that death comes, there was an atonement made for that death, for all who desire to escape it. And there was an atonement made before the first destruction, of the antediluvian world. God had a preacher of righteousness---Noah---and he preached a hundred and twenty years, for people to come into the ark. And those who willfully refused to go, there wasn't nothing left but judgment. And, today, men who refuse to walk in the light of Christ, you have spurned mercy, so there's nothing left but judgment. That's all. There's just right and left side, the only one you can go to. And you make your choice.

**19** Now, we see, before the great awful night come, that Israel was commanded. And we've already taken that, of killing the lamb. God was bringing His church into the exodus, to bring it out of Egypt, into the promised land. I like that. They were going over to possess the land. God gave them the land, and yet it was all fenced in with big, great buildings and fences. And walls around Jericho: The chariots could run races around it. And just think of that: Yet God said, "I've give it to you. It's yours." But they had to clean up, clean it up.

**20** And that's what God has did today. He's give every one of you, that wants it, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But you got to go and possess it, that's all; fight out the differences, and tear down the walls, and get started in there and get it. You say, "The pastor said, 'It's not for us today.'" Just walk right on past it. "Mother said, 'I'll run you away from home.'" Go right on past it. "Husband said, 'I'll leave you.'" Go right on past it. That's all. Got to go and possess it! That's all. Divine healing is for every one of you. Every one of you sitting here tonight, with cancer, heart trouble, whatever it is, God has give the promise. And it's yours, but you have to go and possess it. Now you say, "Well, I just don't feel just very good." That has nothing to do with it; the promise is yours. God give it to you. Just go right in and slay Philistines, from one side to the other. And take out all the Hivites and Amorites; just kill them out. Go on in, take it. God said, "It's yours. Go get it."

**21** But He didn't say, "Now, I'll go in, sweep it all out, and build you up some nice cities, and set you down on easy street." He doesn't do that way. He gives it to you, and you got something to do. If He's good enough to give you the land, said He'd help you and be with you; go, take it! And if you are sick tonight, crippled, blind, deaf, dumb whatever you are; go, take it. God said it was yours. It's your possession. God gave it to you.

**22** He told them that He would give them that land. Sent an Angel before them, to take care of the way, bring them into the place where it was. Look at them spies when they went over. Here come ten of them back, said, "Oh, we can't do it. It's impossible. Why, we're scientists, and we've looked the thing over. It's scientifically impossible. We can't do it." But there was two fellows, one of them named Joshua, and one named Caleb. They wasn't looking to what the scientific side was. They was looking to what God said. Said, "We can do it." And that's right. And they brought back some evidence that it was a good land. I'm so glad of that evidence. Aren't you? That there's a good land just above us! And we're on our road tonight. Hallelujah! All right.

```
Numbers 13:30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.

```
**23** Here they was, now, just before redemption. God required the children of Israel, that they'd be sure to be protected, to kill this lamb. And to put the blood on the lintel, the top of the door, like this, and each post. And they were to go in and eat this lamb, every bit of it; notice, all the lamb, not just part of it. Every bit of it was to be eaten. Some people say, "I'll just take this part, and I'll believe this part." But you've got to take it all, every bit of it. Say, "Oh, I believe He was wounded for our transgressions, but, 'by His stripes,' I don't know about it." We want it all. Every bit of it is to be eaten; all of it. Some of it gets tough, but we have to eat it, anyhow. God said so.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**24** Notice the 10th verse now. And ye shall ... ye shall let nothing of it remain until ... morning; and that which remains ... until the morning ... shall burn with fire. And, now, none of it is to remain; everything. Now, He said, "When you eat it, don't eat it raw, or sodden, but you must eat it well cooked." And I like that. People trying to eat the Word of God, and they take it like it was raw; chew on it, and spit on it, and everything else. Say, "Oh, I just can't take it. I can't stand it." It isn't cooked done enough. That's all. He said, "Cook it with fire." Fire represents the Holy Ghost. You get God in your heart, first, and it'll cook it for you. That's right. Cook it out; done, seasoned, then it tastes good.

```
Exodus 12:10 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire.

```
**25** Now, you can't stand off like this, outside, say, "Oh, I ... I don't know whether it's for me, or not. That might be for days gone by." Just get the Holy Ghost first, and watch what divine healing means to you then. Look what a heart-felt religion means to you then, when you've got the Holy Spirit here to cook the Lamb as it comes. Amen. That's right. Cook the Lamb first. And you have to have fire to cook it with. It should be roasted. Oh, my! That's when it's good: Roast it. It just burns out all the...

**26** I was standing here, not long ago, by a big smelter, and I noticed how hot that fire was, and it just cooked and cooked and cooked. And the hotter it got, the dross in the metals, in the gold, all come to the top, and they skimmed it off. And they'd heat the fire a little hotter, in this smelter, and then when this would boil more, they'd get some more different stuff, pyrite and stuff, out of it. The first come up was the dirt, like dirt and mud. The next come up was ores like, oh, something no good; some quick silvers, and all these things, they come up; and skim that off. Went on down, right down, and the last thing they took out of it was pyrite. That's fool's gold.

**27** You know there's a lot of things in people that try to fool one another when you're a Christian, or acting like it, anyhow, see. But you just let the Holy Ghost go to boiling everything out, takes all the fool's gold out of you, too. Fool's gold: Many people go out West and they find some of it, and they think, oh, they struck a gold mine. It shines better than gold does. But it's fool's gold: wasn't got no value to it. And now they cook that, and they skim it all off, and just keep cooking it and cooking it until it's pure gold, boiled down to nothing but one hundred percent gold. And that's the way God does in His church: Pours the Holy Spirit on it, and cooks down in there till He throws out all the worldliness, and the differences, and the selfishness, and all this, till He just boils it out of every individual that will come to Him. Amen.

**28** Now, then, you can eat it. Here is another beautiful thought here, on the 11th verse. And thus shall you eat it; with your (listen to this) loins girded, (I like that) ... shoes on your feet, ... staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste; it is the LORD's Passover. I like that. While you're eating, be ready to go. That's the issue.

```
Exodus 12:11 And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD'S passover.

```
**29** Let's turn over to Ephesians, about the 6th chapter of Ephesians, and look in here what Paul said about getting the church ready; 6th chapter of Ephesians, beginning at the 14th verse of the 6th chapter. Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, ... having on the breastplate of righteousness; ... your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; And above all things, take the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench ... the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: See Paul dressing up a man for the battlefield, for the march. God and ... beginning at delivering of Israel, He said, "Now you ought to get ready for the march. When you come under the blood, put on your shoes; gird up your loins; get your staff in your hand and get ready for the call." I like that. A man now, when he comes into Christ, he gets his Gospel shoes on, to preach the Gospel; the helmet of salvation on; the breastplate of righteousness; girds up his loins.

```
Exodus 12:11 And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD'S passover.

Ephesians 6:14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

Ephesians 6:15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;

Ephesians 6:16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

Ephesians 6:17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:

```
**30** Usually, in the old soldiers, when they put on those ornaments of war, they had a big belt that buckled it together, holding over their loins, these shields, to keep the enemy's spears off. What a real lesson that is to us. And when the loins begin to get weak, hang down (the shield), they'd tighten up on the belt, bring them up tight again. What a perfect picture today: When you begin to feel like you're slacking, or the devil says, "There's no use," reach down and tighten up the belt a little bit; pull up the sword a little tighter in the hand, and go forward. I like that; be ready for the march. Every man walking under that blood, that night, was commanded to stay there, not go out until the orders come to march.

**31** And every man that's born of the Spirit of God, comes into Christ, has everlasting life; puts on his shield, his breastplate, standing ready; and forbidden to leave until orders to march. Oh, isn't it marvelous? Aren't you glad you got it all harnessed up tonight, you soldiers?

**32** Used to have a song leader at the Tabernacle, our theme song was: The fight is on, O Christian soldiers, Face to face in stern array, With armor gleaming, colors streaming, The right and wrong's engaged today; The fight is on, but be not weary, Be strong and in His might hold fast; If God be for us, His banner over us, We will sing the victor's song at last. Many of them old saints has gone to the grave, but one of these days, yonder in a new world, when they come forth into the promised land, the banner of the cross will be over us, and we'll sing the victor's song. When we sit at the wedding supper that night, around the table, that great table, maybe a hundred thousand miles long, with the blood-washed saints sitting around there, I want to go down along the table and shake hands with every one of them (Amen), just shouting. You want to hear me shout? Wait till I get over there; watch me. I ain't big enough, yet, for this. But, notice, on the march now. Get ready. We're going.

**33** Here's a sad picture, before we get over to our regular lesson, is found in the 38th verse. There... Listen. And a mixed multitude went up with their ... flock... There's where Israel made a mistake. The supernatural had been done. An unconverted people followed because of the supernatural; finally got them into trouble. And on down, we'll notice here, in about the 42nd verse and the 43rd verse. The Lord speaking to Moses said that no one but those who were sacrificed ... could eat the sacrifice, rather, but those who were circumcised. No strangers, no outsiders, no one should take it but those who are circumcised. And what a disgrace that we have today, in this day, beloved friends; that when, in the church, everybody that belongs to the church takes communion. And that's wrong. Only those who are redeemed: that's all who are worthy.

```
Exodus 12:38 And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle.

Exodus 12:48 And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee, and will keep the passover to the LORD, let all his males be circumcised, and then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof.

```
**34** Isaiah spoke and said, "The tables of the Lord would be full of vomit." Said, "Who shall I teach doctrine? Them that are weaned from the breast." Said, "Precept must be upon precept, line upon line; here a little, and there a little. And hold fast to that what's good." God speaking, knowing that the day that we're living in, that the church would be so political, till they'd let everything, people, come in; long as they had their name on the church book, they were members; they taken communion. And the Bible said, "He that eats and drinks it, unworthy, is guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord." Saint John, 13th chapter; Jesus speaking. Second Corinthians the 11th chapter, Paul said years later that "he that eats and drinks this, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. Let a man examine himself," he says, "before he take." I'm quoting Scripture. That's right. "He that eats and drinks, unworthily, eats and drinks damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. And for this cause many are sick and weakly among you, and many sleep." Be sure that you're standing right with God. Here it is in the shadow, that, no one but the circumcised! No matter how loyal he was, how much he helped the Jewish church; he had to be a proselyte, had to be a real circumcised believer, before he could take the communion ... or, eat the Passover. Oh, how far we got off the line today!

```
Isaiah 28:8 For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean.

Isaiah 28:9 Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the milk, and drawn from the breasts.

Isaiah 28:10 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:

1 Corinthians 11:27 Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.

1 Corinthians 11:28 But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup.

1 Corinthians 11:29 For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.

1 Corinthians 11:30 For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.

1 Thessalonians 5:21 Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.

```
**35** Now, let's go quickly, then. And God brought them out tonight. We're turning now to the 13th verse of the 14th chapter. God gave them the pillar of fire to go before them. I think they had the picture here, tonight. And I say it with reverence: To my honest opinion, while we're here in this group tonight, I believe that is with us tonight. The same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel is going before us, performing the same signs and wonders. And any teacher here, or scholar of the Bible, knows that the Angel that followed Israel and guided them to the promised land, was the Angel of the covenant, which was Jesus Christ. And, today, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever" is following before this group that you want to call holy-rollers, if you want to. All right. Going on, leading from victory unto victory! Praise God!

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**36** In them nations, in them days, they were despised and hated and rejected, and turned down by the nations, and called everything. So is it today, with the true believer. You, in your churches, you know, when you take a stand for Christ and speak for truth, the whole church says, "Look at him! He's lost his mind. He's gone crazy," see. Don't pay no attention to that; follow on. You're all armored up now. The blood is going before you; the Holy Spirit leading you. Just keep moving. Don't pay no attention to what nobody tells you. Look straight to Calvary, and march on. Beautiful type!

**37** Now, they had come out through the ... and now notice: Blood redemption brought them out of Egypt. Now, they had to have something else now to take them on over into the land. Now they're just beginning to start. They had come out, been circumcised, come under the blood, and on the march. Now they got up to something. They was going along there, knowing that they had passed from death unto life; knowed they had eternal life. But here they are, coming up now, and difficulties begins to rise. Here comes Pharaoh's army, pursuing them, to take them. Trouble set in. Listen! "God is our refuge and our strength, a very present help in time of trouble." Oh, I hope you see this. Here it is. Listen, 13th verse now. And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not...

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

```
**38** I love that. After Jesus rose from the dead, His words were constantly, "Fear not." That's what the trouble with the church today, is scared to death you're going to make a failure. How can you fail when you're in Christ? You can't fail: You've got everlasting life. All demons in hell can't shake you. You got everlasting life. Jesus said so. So don't be scared of failure. You say, "Well, I'm afraid I'll get fanatic." I'd rather have a little fanaticism than to sit still and do nothing. I sure would. A man that's going to do something...

**39** It's told about Ballard's up here, a fellow come to get a job from him, and he said, "Sign your name here." He took his pencil, to sign. He said, "Where's your eraser at?" Said, "I don't make no mistakes." He said, "I can't use you; you ain't going to do nothing." That's right. If you don't make no mistakes, you're not doing nothing. Let's go, brother. Be up and going. I like Longfellow there: Tell me not, in mournful numbers, Life is but an empty dream! And the soul is dead that slumbers, And things are not what they seem. Said, yes, life is real! And life is earnest! And the grave is not its goal; Dust thou art, to dust returnest, Was not spoken of the soul. Let us be up and doing, With a heart for any strife; Be not like dumb, driven cattle! Be a hero!

**40** Don't wait for people to persuade you to Christ. Stand like a man or a lady, and accept Him, and walk forward in victory. Amen. That's what God wants: rugged, ready soldiers. You might not weigh a hundred and five pounds, but you can still be ruddy, brother, and full of power, if you'll just let God have His way. I've seen men that weighed two hundred pounds, didn't have an ounce of man in them. That's right. All right. Notice. Moses said unto the people, Fear ... not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD... That's good. Just march on. Don't get scared about nothing. If you've accepted Christ as your Saviour, go on.

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**41** "Brother Branham, I want the baptism of the Holy Ghost." Just keep moving. Don't fear. You say, "I'm sick now, Brother Branham. I can't go much farther." Don't worry, just keep moving on; see the salvation of our Lord! Accept it. Just move on. "How is it going to be? The doctor turned me down." The fellow done the best he could, but God hasn't done His best yet. That's right. Just a moment, listen at him now. All right. the LORD, which he will show unto you to day: for the Egyptians ... (the assayers, the truth ... the troublemaker).

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**42** Say, "Brother Branham, if I could just quit smoking! If I could just lay down drinking! If I could just quit my stealing! If I could just quit my doing this, that, and the other." Don't worry. Just walk on. God will take care of the rest of it. "If I knowed I could do it, Brother Branham, I'd accept Christ right now." Don't you worry. Move on. Just go on. You'll see the salvation of the Lord! ... for the Egyptians who you have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever. (Amen. It's going to be settled, after a while.) The LORD shall fight for you, and you shall hold your peace. And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak to the children of Israel, that they go forward: (I like that.)

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

Exodus 14:14 The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.

Exodus 14:15 And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:

```
**43** Don't try to say, say, "Well, I joined the church ten years ago, Brother Branham. I've been a good faithful member." That's fine; I appreciate that. But let's move on, tonight. God is moving on. The people today, here, they go back, they say, "Well, now..." Science: A hundred and fifty years ago, there was a scientist in France, that said, "If a man ever went the terrific speed of thirty miles an hour, gravitation would take him off the earth, and he'd be gone." Huh! Thirty miles an hour. Going about sixteen hundred miles an hour now. You never hear science refer back to that fellow. He was all right in his day, but they're living in another day. That's right. But, we preachers, oh, no. "Divine healing? Now let me see what Saint Moody, Finney, Knox, Calvin, some of them said about it." They were all right in their days, but we're moving on, going forward. We got something else.

**44** Jesus said, in the parable there, of the sower, when a sower went forth and sowed seeds. And the enemy come around, sowed some weeds in the wheat. He said, "Let them grow together." You're always pointing how wicked the world's getting, but you fail to see how powerful the church is getting at the same time. She's rising up, standing on a field. Oh, she's a little flock, but, brother, God is with her. And she's going to triumph just as certain as Christ rose from the dead. Amen. God's church shall never fail. "The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Showed they'd be against it, but they cannot prevail. The church is going to triumph, through the blood of Jesus Christ, to the victory march. I'm positive of this one thing: that God will have a church without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. Amen. I'm so happy about that.

```
Matthew 13:24 Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:

Matthew 13:25 But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.

Matthew 13:30 Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.

Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

Ephesians 5:27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.

```
**45** Now, "If I am in that church," amen. "Brother Branham, how do you got into it? By letter?" No. "How do you get into it?" By birth; born into it! I've been in the Branham family, it'll be forty-five years the sixth day of this coming April, and they never did ask me to join their family. I was born a Branham. I'll always be a Branham. I was born a Christian, in Jesus Christ. I'll be a Christian, 'cause God has ordained it so, by election. He called us, through the grace of His own beloved Son. We accepted Him and got eternal life. "By one handshake?" "By one membership?" "By one letter?" "By one Spirit we're all baptized into one body, Jesus Christ," and there become fellow citizens of the kingdom.

```
1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**46** I was thinking today, as I was away praying, that how that this is the day that we're going to have to answer for. I'm not going to have to answer for the generation that was before me, or the generation that will be after me. But, in the judgment, I'm to stand with this generation. And I said, "Look at there: a woman's picture on the sign, beer-drinking, something another, said she was 'breathless,' or something." I said, "Yes, and lifeless, too." All right. There you are. I said, "What a disgrace!" "With all the preaching," I said, "sometimes it seems," I told my wife, I said, "sometimes it seems it doesn't do any good. But I've got to be the voice of warning, anyhow, regardless of what people does about it. I've got to preach the Gospel anyhow, and give a witness unto the resurrection and the power of Jesus Christ." Let them forsake it and turn their back; God will judge them at the judgment for it. I'm only responsible for preaching, and other ministers too, who preach the Gospel.

**47** Now, I just love it. Notice, "Go forward now," and you will see the glory of God. But, listen, the 16th verse now. We read this: But lift ... up the rod... "The rod," that was the judgment rod. Now, it wasn't Moses' rod. That was God's rod. If you'll notice, Moses, he took that rod, he held it up like this, fleas come. He held it over the waters, it turned to blood. It was God's judgment rod. And that same rod... Get it! That same rod was what he smote the rock with; and a cleft come in the side of the rock, and waters came out of the rock. Now, that rock was Christ, and it was God's judgment. "The day you eat thereof, that day you die." Smote Christ at Calvary, and paid that bitter, agonizing death. No man never could describe what it was, or never will. There God placed all the divine judgments upon Him, and smote Him in the side, when out of His side come water and blood and Spirit, for our redemption.

```
Genesis 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

Exodus 14:15 And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:

Exodus 14:16 But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.

```
**48** How people paint His picture, sometime, with a robe around Him, or something another, on the cross. That is not so. They exposed that Man, of every foul, vulgar thing that they could; but He had to be. There He was, the highest and loyalest of all the world, that ever was or will be. And then exposed, naked, on the cross; wounded, smitten, bleeding; gobs of mockery spit hanging from His face; a mocking crown of thorns on His head. But that is when He conquered death, hell, sin, sickness, and the grave, and paid the price for us all. It's often said, sometimes, "There is where He took the sting out of death." That's where Paul said, "O death, where is your sting?" I've been told that many insects, bees and things, they've got a stinger, and they'll poison with it. But one time they sting, they lose their stinger. Death had a sting in it one time; but Christ, on Calvary, took the stinger out of death. Hallelujah! Oh, when I think of it! There He pulled the stinger out of death for me and you---all the sting of death.

```
1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

```
**49** Paul said, when they was going to cut his head off, in the Roman prison, he said, "Death, where is your sting?" Pointed back to Calvary, and there's where stinger was taken out of death. "Grave, where is your victory?" He said, "But thanks be to God, that gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. All right. ... the rod (the judgment), and stretch it out ... cover the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go over on dry ground through the midst of the sea. And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow thee: and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, and upon the chariots, and upon the horsemen. And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD and I have gotten me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. And the angel of God... Listen! Tighten up the harness now. "And the Angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel..." He is still here. The angel of God, that went before the camp of Israel, removed and went back behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them: (or, went up from here, and stood back here; a go-between in the time of trouble.)

```
Exodus 14:16 But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.

Exodus 14:17 And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honour upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.

Exodus 14:18 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honour upon Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.

Exodus 14:19 And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:

1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

1 Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**50** When trouble begins to face you, sickness on every hand, trouble, the Angel of God comes up, goes out between you and the sickness, and stands there-a-way, challenging you to take God's Word. God had give Israel the promise, that they would go into the land. There was a million, probably, of men, coming, to pursue them and run them down, and chop them down, like a bunch of animals. But the Angel of the Lord, who was there to carry them to the promised land, rose up from the camp and went and stood between them and danger. Hallelujah! He still does it. He'll make the way. Oh, I just love Him for that, don't you? He'll make the way for every sick person sitting here right now. He's already made the way, and He's standing between you and trouble.

**51** And I know He's here right now. You can call me a fanatic if you want to; I'm not responsible for what you say. But I'm responsible for what I say, before God. But He who led the children of Israel, if I have judged it right, on that light that you see tonight ... or, seen on that picture. (I suppose they put them out tonight.) That same Angel of God is in this building right now, to do just exactly what Jesus did in that day. He is here to confirm: Just what He did then, He is now, and will always be the same. The Angel of God, moving up to stand between us and sickness, stand between us and death. No wonder David said, "Yea, though I walk through the valleys of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me." Sure.

```
Psalm 23:4 Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.

```
**52** Standing there, the Angel of God went before the camp of Israel, and removed, and went and stood between them and the enemy. And the Angel of God is standing tonight, between every individual here and the enemy. I know what I'm speaking of. I know, while standing here now on the platform, before this little group of people tonight, I know that God has condescended, coming down from glory, and standing in this building now. If you'll only dare to move out on God's Word, see if He don't move before you. Watch. And it came between the camp and the Egyptians. He's coming between you and your sickness. He's standing between you and your sins, right now. Why? We are in the exodus of the church. Egypt was always called the world, and when Israel come out of... Remember, they were church members down there, but after the blood and the atonement was made, they become the circumcised of God. And the circumcision, today, is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. "All," said Stephen, "all you uncircumcised in the heart and ears, why do you always resist the Holy Ghost? As your fathers did, so do you." The Holy Spirit circumcised in the heart, cutting away the things of the world. It used to be the old-fashioned holiness church lived it, acted like it, lived like it. But, today, it's just like the rest of the world. It's a disgrace. We let down the bars.

```
Acts 7:51 Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.

```
**53** Old Brother Spurgeon used to say, an old Methodist preacher friend of mine, used to sing a song. We let down the bars, we let down the bars, We compromised with sin. We let down the bars, the sheep got out. How did the goats get in? Because you let down the bar! That's it. You let down the standard of Christian living, because the seminaries hatched out a few preachers and sent them down to compromise with the truth. But the Holy Ghost has always been there to condemn sin, and is tonight standing between the believer and the things of the world. Amen. And it came between the camp and the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud of darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all ... night. Look, the same thing that was given this group of believers---light---was blinding them.

```
Exodus 14:20 And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night.

```
**54** All right, put on your shock-proof jackets. Here it comes. Look, every man that rejects light goes blind and walks in darkness, because you don't accept light. Amen. God sends ministers that preach the Gospel. He sends signs and wonders among men, to vindicate it to be the truth; and men reject it, there's nothing left but darkness for you. Walk in the light while the light's a shining, my brother. Receive the light. Christ is the light. He's come to bring light to you. But those who rejected light received darkness. And every man and woman, tonight, who rejects light, walks in darkness, not knowing where he's going. He's staggering along pretty good, popular with the people, but wonder how he stands in the presence of God.

**55** Notice it! What a marvelous thing here. He was light to one, and darkness to the other. The Israelites, then, after Moses prayed, they could lay down in peace. Now watch. And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea a dry land, and the waters were divided. And the children of Israel went unto the midst of the sea upon the dry ground:... If you'll notice, while the children of Israel, who had come out of darkness and accepted the light, when they got in trouble, the light turned back around. And they slept all night. And while they were sleeping, God was sending a wind, blowing down across the sea, opening up a way of escape.

```
Exodus 14:21 And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

Exodus 14:22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

```
**56** Hallelujah to the Lamb! I'm so glad that I've been filled with the Holy Spirit, tonight. While we are sleeping, rejoicing, resting in the promise of God! God promised them, to make a way of escape. And while they were resting on this promise, God was down there, before them, opening up a way. Every man and woman, tonight, that will accept Jesus Christ on those grounds; the Holy Spirit, while you're asleep, while you're resting in His promise. Maybe you're a cripple; maybe you're blind; maybe you can't hear; maybe you can't see; maybe you're sick; heart trouble, cancer, or something, dying. Accept the light tonight, and rest upon it. And the wind, coming like a rushing mighty wind on the day of Pentecost, will move down through there and open up a way for you. Hallelujah! That you'll pass right through that valley of sickness, right back into the land of health again. You'll pass right through that land of cold, formal, shackled-down, indifferent religions; to a Holy Ghost filled, happy, rejoicing, heart full of joy.

**57** God shows His power, and was showing it. Excuse me, I'm getting too loud. Showing redemption by power. He showed the blood back there on one thing. He showed His power here, by His blood through redemption. Showed His power to escape death through the blood. He showed His power to make a way of escape, by redemption of power. And, today, you who have accepted... Amen. You who have accepted the blood of Jesus Christ, to cleanse you from sin, the power of the Holy Ghost is here to lead you to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The power of God is here to transform you from sickness to health. God, moving on, in the exodus of His church! She's coming into the blossom, where God will gather, after a while, His grain. Wonderful! Coming out of the darkness, into the marvelous light! How we love that! How I do! What that means to my soul, tonight!

**58** Friends, I was talking to a man today, who just met me while I was out. And he said, "I've been trying to tell people." Said, "I've changed a lot, Billy, since you was a kid." Said, "You used to come by and tell me, at my place of business, that I ought to get right with God, I ought to be right with God." And said, "I kind of laughed at you. But," said, "Billy, things has changed now." Said, "I know now what you speak of." I thought, Praise God! He said, "I try to tell others about it," and said, "they'll change the subject and go talking about a funny paper or something. Oh, it ain't me. This next guy over on the corner, he may die. He's the next one. Maybe his number is the next one, not knowing whose number is next." It may be yours, tonight, friend. This may be the time God calls you.

**59** God, the great Holy Spirit, standing here tonight, between death and life; standing here tonight, between sickness and health. I know what I speak of. That's right. Right now, the same Holy Spirit that you feel now, every born-again person is bound to feel that Spirit in the room. You can't help it. If you got any life, you know it's there. All right.

**60** How like a magnet, when it's... When a great magnet's coming near the material, it begins to move and crawl. Why? Closer it gets... Like a big magnet come down, up here, one time, at Hammond, Indiana. I was watching them take up shavings on the floor. They pulled a great big lever; down come a great big magnet. And they had all the shavings swept out in the middle of the floor. And as it passed by, all those shavings that was magnetized to the magnet---iron---went right up and went with the magnet, out. And they demagnetize it, dropped it into the cupola, and molded it again. There was a lot of aluminum shavings left. I said, "Why didn't they go?" He said, "They're not magnetized to the magnet." I said, "Praise God." I said, "Why didn't these go, down here, this piece of iron?" Said, "If you notice, it's bolted down." And that's about like a lot of people tonight, friends. You've become a church member, but not magnetized by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then you let something shackle you down, some difference shackle you down.

**61** But one of these days, there's a great magnet coming from the East, called the Son of God, that'll sweep this land. And every person that's dead in Christ shall rise with Him, to go yonder. And these old bodies will be transformed and made in His likeness, unto His own glorious body, where we shall live forever and ever, free from sickness, free from old age, free from everything else; and in the glory of God, to live in His blessed presence forever. Amen. Don't let that scare you. I feel religious right now. I sure do. All right. "For I know that my redeemer liveth, and at the last days He will stand on this earth; though the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God; whom I shall see for myself; mine eyes shall behold, and not another." Don't think I'm crazy. I'm not. If I am, just let me alone. I'm more happier this way than I was the other way. Yes, sir. Just let me stay this way. Oh, sure, crazy to the world, for the things that the world calls crazy, God calls blessed. You have to lose your mind to this world, because, why? You're not of this world.

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

Job 19:27 Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.

```
**62** When you cross over that separating line, you become fellow citizens of the kingdom of God. Oh, my! How good is it? Why, you become a new creature, (oh, my!) changed from this what you are now. "You are now the sons of God. Now are we sitting together in Heavenly places." Not, "we will be," in the Millennium. We are now; right now we're the sons of God. "Right now we're sitting together in Heavenly places, in Christ Jesus." Not just in the church; we're "in Christ Jesus." The resurrected Lord Jesus is here. He's here in His power. He's here in His redemption power. He's here for the exodus. He's here to bring every church member into fellowship with Him. He's here to bring every sinner, no matter how low you are, He's here to bring the power of His resurrection into your life and make you a new creature.

```
Ephesians 2:6 And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

1 John 3:2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

```
**63** Here, a few years ago, all the religions of the world met; I believe it was in London, England, or somewhere. I don't remember exactly. But, when they was all speaking for different churches, the Mohammedans, and the Buddhists, and everything. A little ... a fellow that represented the American Holiness church, John Witt, I believe, was his name. So then when he got up, his time to speak, all the religions represented in this great gathering, he told the story of Lady Maccabee, how low she was; got arrested in Oklahoma, with a cigar in her mouth, driving, or breaking the speed law, going through the streets with a stagecoach. She had done so many murders, and so filthy, and so ornery, until, when they went to tar and feather her, they wouldn't put their hands on her, afraid they'd be polluted. And when he got the story told in such a dramatic way till every listener was sitting on the end of their seats. He said, "Gentlemen of the religions of this world, has your religion got anything that would clean the hands of Lady Maccabee?" Nobody said a word. He jumped up in the air and kicked his heels together, and slapped his hands. He said "The blood of Jesus Christ won't only clean her hands, but it'll clean her heart." Amen. That's right.

**64** The blood of Jesus Christ will take the lowest prostitute in Louisville, Kentucky, and make a lady, a saint out of her. It'll take the bootlegger out of the place down yonder, and make a gentleman out of him, and a saint of God. My friends, citizens of the kingdom, my fellow men of Kentucky and Indiana, and around about! Don't you think tonight, it's about time for you to consider this Lord Jesus before your last chance is taken?

**65** When, you see the church going in this great exodus, see the pillar of fire leading before us; standing, performing miracles and signs. He's here, tonight, in all His redeeming power. He's here to make whole, every sinner, to take back every backslider. He's here to heal every sick person. He's the full Gospel. And we preach the full Gospel; eat the whole Lamb. Roast it with the Holy Ghost, and know that it's good eating, for the Holy Spirit has divined to us that it is real good. "Taste and see, the Lord is good. It tastes like honey in the rock." Our Lord Jesus here, in His love and power, in His great redemptive blessings! Oh, how He stands between the church and sin, tonight! How He stands between you and judgment; bleeding, praying!

```
Psalm 34:8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.

```
**66** Here not long ago, I walked into a place up here in Ohio, where I had been just about to pass my opinion of judgment. I had been eating at a little Dunkard restaurant. We was having a great meeting. I had to stay several miles out in the country, at a little motel. I had been eating at a Dunkard restaurant; nice lovely people, and on Sunday they closed and went to church. I had to go across to an ordinary little, common, American place to eat my dinner. When I walked into the door, to my surprise, there stood a state police with his arm around a girl, playing a slot machine. Now, gambling is illegal in Ohio, and there the lawman himself breaking the law. And perhaps, a man of my age, perhaps married, with a family somewhere; with his arms around some young lady standing there. I looked back across the restaurant, some boys sitting back there, drunk, and a young lady not acting morally at all. I looked sitting down to my right side here, to a booth, which I was ready to sit down. There sat an elderly lady, somewhat around fifty-eight, sixty years old---old as my mother---sitting there, with skin all wrinkled up, the little bitty clothes on. And, oh, it was terrible. And her toenails painted purple, her lips painted purple, the horriblest-looking sight you ever seen. Her hair cut real short and fringed up like that. And she was drinking. There sat two men with her, sitting there, horribly-looking, drunk, and one of them laying across the place of the table. And when they excused themselves, and went out to the restroom...

**67** I stood there. I thought, O God, how can You stand it? How can You look at such as that? When, even in my heart, and I'm as bad as I am, still I wonder if my little Sarah and Rebekah will have to raise up in such a generation to see that coming on. Lord, why don't You just wipe it off the face of the earth? I thought, Why don't You just do it, Lord? I sat down there and just started to weeping. I saw a vision. I saw, as it was, the world whirling around in the air, and there stood a rainbow around that world. And someone that was speaking to me, said, "That's the blood of Jesus Christ, around this world, that keeps Him from destroying it. If God can see sin, 'The day you eat thereof, that day you die.' Every man under that blood there is a free moral agent---to take your choice. But if you ever die, and your soul soars beyond the mercy of that blood, you're already judged before you get there. There's nothing left for you."

```
Genesis 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

```
**68** Then I seen myself. I seen my Lord Jesus standing there, with a crown of thorns on His head, and the tears running down, mixed up with blood, as it washed off of His beard. And I seen my sins coming before Him, and every time they'd come before Him like that... [Gap in the audio.] ... till He was shaking. The thorns would stick in His brow, more. He'd stagger back. He'd say, "Father, forgive him; he don't know what he's doing." And again I would do something, and then His blood was like the bumper on the car, protecting the car, shielding me from the wrath of God, undeserving. And I come to Him, slowly, knelt down to Him. I said... Looked down there, laying in front of me, and there was an old book of sin, and my name wrote across the top. I said, "Lord, will You forgive me?" "Certainly," He said, with loving eyes; reached to His side, got some blood out, and wrote on it, "Pardoned." And throwed it back in the Sea of Forgetfulness. He said, "Now..." I said, "Thank You, Lord." He said, "Now, I forgive you; and you're condemning her." Oh, that changed the picture, for me.

**69** I come out of it. I walked over there and sat down to her, and begin to talk. And she had some rough life back before her. I said, "Was you never a Christian?" She said, "I was raised in a Christian home." I said, "What happened?" She told me about a miscue with her husband, and how children, and so forth. I said, "All, for all these years, you've never lived peaceful since you met God?" She said, "Sir, that is the truth." I said, "Won't you receive Him right now." She said, "Will He take me?" I said, "He's knocking at your heart now." And out of that booth, there on the floor, and knelt down before that audience of people; slot machines stopped, vulgar cursing stopped, and everything else. And I lifted up my hands, and them poor wrinkled hands, and led her to Jesus Christ. Then she went... That's it, friends. Don't look... Jesus... I don't care what you've done, how black your sins are, how smutty your life is; God is standing, tonight, knocking at your heart's door, to forgive you, no matter who you are.

**70** Let's bow our heads a minute. Sister, come to the organ there, will you? Heavenly Father, oh, I pray that You'll just now, while the Holy Spirit's moving in the building. Let us seek first the kingdom, to find favor with You, then I believe You'll heal the sick. But right now, Father, while feeling that there's a great, deep interest and a conviction, people knowing that Your church is in the exodus, and we're going on towards judgment. Not knowing but in the morning, someone may come to the bedside, and there we're laying, gone. This time, tomorrow night, may be in a morgue somewhere, and our souls out yonder in eternity. O God, this may be the last hour! This may be the last chance that men will receive. Many, no doubt, are sitting here, men and women, who desired, who's lived just a normal, good life, but never have been born again, doesn't know what it means to be filled with the Holy Spirit, a complete surrendered life; with all the shame, bashfulness, taken from them, and God's Spirit baptize them into His mercy. Father, Dear, won't You, tonight, in the name of Thy beloved Child, Jesus, move to every heart and speak just now. And may they, in the simplicity of their heart, raise up their thoughts to Thee, raise their heart and say, "Here I am, Jesus. Take me now, just as I am, and mold me and make me something different. Make me the kind of man You'd have me to be. All through my life, You've talked to me. You've spoke to me. You've tried to get me to do different. You've tried to make me to make that surrender. But now the day is far spent, Lord, with me, but I'm ready to come now." Grant it, Father. While mercy is calling, before judgment; the exodus of the church is leaving Egypt; may they come, go along with the great group, the called-out. We ask it in His name.

**71** And while we have our heads bowed, and eyes closed, and Christians praying. I wonder if you'd just raise up your hand, say, "Brother Branham, you remember me. I believe every word you're saying is the truth about Jesus Christ. And we all need to be filled with the Spirit, and I'm not, yet. I've been a church member." Or, maybe you haven't been, at all. Maybe you've been a sinner, never have accepted Christ. Or, you've been a member of the church, and haven't been born again. Would you raise up your hand, say, "Remember me, Brother Branham, in your prayer. I want to be right." God bless you. God bless you, and you, and you, you, you; and you, my brother; you, sister; and you, brother; you, you, you, brother, sister. I see. Over to my left, how many over here? Raise your hand, say, "Remember me, Brother Branham; I want to be born..."

**72** Now that's... Remember, the Holy Spirit speaking to you. If I be God's servant, I know, as sure as I'm standing on this platform, that the Holy Spirit is speaking to hearts here. Friends, I may be peculiar to you, but I'm not a fanatic. I do know what I speak of; if I know what your trouble is out there, and what your disease is, and God hears my prayer for you. And right here in this building sits people that has been healed, with cancer, and blindness, and deafness, and cripples, and everything else. Look at the millions around the world. What about you now? What about it now? If He'll hear my prayer for that, won't He hear my prayer for your condition of your soul? If He'll reveal to me where your trouble is, won't He reveal to me now where your trouble is, also? How many more will raise your hand, say, "Brother Branham remember me. I want, at this time, ask God to be merciful to me." God bless you, and you, and you, you, again. Oh, my, just all over the building, everywhere!

**73** While you have your heads bowed. I wonder if you, that's raised your hands, just have just a little more grace, say, "Lord, I had enough grace to raise my hand, give me enough grace to stand up while he prays. If Ye shall come for me before daylight, Lord, this is my sign to You, that I want to be right. I want to meet You someday. This cough will come up my sleeve and I'll press a dying pillow. The doctor will leave my bedside; nothing can be done. Then, God, have mercy on my soul. While the cold fogs of death is floating in the room, may the old ship of Zion come, pack me away. I'm going to stand, Lord. It's taking a lot of grace, but something is moving me. I'm standing." God bless you, brother. Someone else will stand, say, "I'm standing, Lord." God bless you, brother. God bless you, brother, sister. Just remain standing. Everyone that wants to be remembered in this prayer, for the salvation of your soul, would you stand? God bless you. God bless you, young man. God bless you, sir. God bless you, brother. God bless you, my sister. God bless you, sister; you, brother. Someone else stand now and say, "Here I am. Brother Branham, I'm not standing before you. I'm standing before God. Something told me to stand up, and I'm standing." Will you do it? Just stand to your feet. Just take God this much. God bless you, lady.

**74** There's more. God bless you, lady. That's right. Poor mother holding her little baby, trying to get up, tears in her eyes. Won't you come? Stand up again. God bless you, lady, elderly lady stood up there, and real elderly, knowing that she's got to face God one of these days. God bless you. Who will stand up next now, say, "I will stand." Just remain standing for the prayer. Someone else? I just feel like there's someone else wants to stand. Maybe you just want to get a little closer. Don't put it off anymore. Just stand. Will you do it? You ones that want to be closer to God. God bless you. That's right. Would somebody... God bless you, lady. Yes, sir. There's at least three more people, I'm looking right straight at, ought to be standing up, 'cause there stands the Angel of the God. God bless you, lady. That's right. Now, all right, brother, what about it? All right. Angel of the Lord standing, I know. I see it, and I know that someone should stand right now. I'll wait just a minute longer. May God... You know He's pressing at your heart. He's standing there, my friend. That's Him that's telling you to stand up. Won't you do it? Just stand and accept Him, just now. All right. Are you sure now? If God would call you tonight, in this meeting; this sermon, this invitation, is going to meet you yonder when you die. What have you done about it? If you're not positive, sure, stand now, so that He'll see you want to accept, to walk in the light.

**75** Now, our kind Heavenly Father, these Thy dear children, softened hearts, the Word fell in their heart tonight. "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing of the Word." And they could hear. And You softened their hearts. Many are standing, men and women, boys and girls, confess Thee as their own dear Saviour and Leader. And may the Angel of God, who is here now tonight, may He guide them through life. May they be guided to Calvary just now, in their hearts, and accept Jesus as their Saviour. And may the Holy Spirit, through the blood of Christ, come down upon their souls, and take all the indifference away, and fill them with the baptism of the Holy Spirit. May this be the greatest night of their life. We know it is, for tonight they're receiving You. Grant it, Lord, just now. And may they go home from here, tonight, happy and rejoicing, praising God, with all their hearts. I pray this blessing through Christ Jesus' name. Now may the Lord bless you as you be seated.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**76** Let me ask you now. Each one of you that stood, and you know that something happened to you while you were standing, raise your hand. Just raise your hand, you know something happened. God bless you. God bless you. That's right. It has to, friends. It has to. I stood, seen here just now, the same Angel that I speak of, going right through this building here; the same Angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire. I've been preaching the last five or ten minutes, under that inspiration. I feel it, just see it moving through this building. Now, you may think that I'm storying to you, but it's the truth. Now, I don't think I'll even call a prayer line. I think I'll stand right here and just ask God to confirm that I've told you the truth, that's right, with signs, wonders.

**77** How many in here wants to be healed, the sick people? Raise your hands, wherever you are. Just raise your hand, say, "I accept it." All right. I want you to look, live, and believe. Somebody in this audience, through here, somebody through here, just look, and say, "Lord Jesus..." Like this. I believe, the reason I made that altar call first, we've got to find favor with Him. This is something new to me. I've got to find favor with Him, first. Then if I've found favor, and done a favor... And you, a dozen or two, souls come to Him just then. Surely, surely...

**78** Now, each one of you people that come to Christ, then, find a good Holy-Ghost-filled church and go to it. And there seek His baptism until you've found it; just go, just every night, every day, just keep praying. And when you're looking... Now, you people that's sick. If I've told you the truth, God will testify that it's truth. That's right. Only can do it. And God will make it known, if you'll just pray and believe with all your heart. Just look, and say this...

**79** When the Angel of the Lord met me out there at Green's Mill, Indiana, eight years ago; after being since a child, following me, showing visions. When I went to Him, He said, "If you'll be sincere, get the people to believe You, nothing shall stand before the prayer." Now, He could do the same for you now that He could then. He's risen from the dead. And there the audience out there before Him. He knows what's on every one of you, what you've done, what's your trouble, everything about it. Do you believe that? Then believe it with all your heart.

**80** I notice a young man sitting here, believing (trying to), having faith. Do you believe that God will let me know what's wrong with you? You do? If He will, will you accept your healing? You have heart trouble. Isn't that right? What if I told you now that you was well of it? Would you believe it? Stand up just a minute. You got a nervous heart, and a murmuring heart. It's bothered you for some time. The only time, when you lay down, too, it smothers you, and you have a lot of beating back and forth, fluttering. Is that right? 'Cause, it causes an indigestion from your stomach, coming up through them vein. Isn't that true? You'll not be bothered with it no more. Just keep what you have right now; you can go home and be well. I'm not reading your mind. I'm a perfect stranger to you. You're just a man sitting there. Is that right? Never seen you in my life, and never knowed nothing about you. Is that true? Believe that the Lord is here! Frankly, young man, I want to ask you something, and you see if this is truth or not. A few moments ago, all of sudden, something strange come over you when I begin to talk about "the sting gone out of the stinger." Wasn't that right? Wasn't it a strange feeling you had? Isn't that right? And didn't you look at me at that same time, and my eyes catch you at the same time? That's when you were healed, with heart trouble, right there. Amen. That's exactly. He's here.

**81** I'm not reading your mind, friends. I only speak the truth, and God vindicates it to be the truth. What do you think about it, sitting there next to him? Do you believe? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe if God... You sitting forward, here on the front seat; that's the reason I'm talking to you so much, see it back in behind there and around me. But do you believe, if I can contact your spirit, God will reveal what's wrong? Would you accept your healing? You're diabetic. Is that right? Raise up your hand if that's the truth. Stand up on your feet. Do you accept your healing now? May the Lord Jesus Christ make you every whit whole. God bless you.

**82** Have faith. Somebody in here believe. Have faith, with all your heart. I see a young man sitting there with a blue suit on. There it stands right above him. You have a skin disease, don't you, young man? Isn't that right? Stand up on your feet. Oh, I see you're with this delegation. Is that right? Well, do you want to go home well? Raise up your hand and say, "Lord Jesus, I now believe the Angel of the Lord leads along. And I believe that I am healed." What do you think about it, next man to him there, do you believe, too? Stand up on your feet a minute, so I can look at you. Do you believe me to be God's servant; with all your heart? You want to get over that heart trouble? That's what you had, wasn't it? That's what you "had," I said. You don't have it now. You can go home, too. The next man to him, what do you think about it, sir? Do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Stand up on your feet. Do you believe with all your heart now? You had nervousness. Isn't that right? Is that right? Raise up your hand. You can go home well now. Jesus Christ makes you well.

**83** What about the next man, sitting down the row, do you believe with all your heart? Stand up on your feet. Do you believe me to be God's prophet, to be His servant? You believe He'd tell me what's wrong with you, that you would accept your healing? It's in your throat. Is that right? Go home and be well, in the name of Jesus Christ. Anybody else in this building, that wants to be made well, can raise and be made well. If you believe me, as God's servant, stand to your feet. God bless you. Female trouble, cancer, there it goes. God be blessed! Every one of you, raise your hands to God.

**84** Our Heavenly Father, I now condemn every disease of this building, cast out every evil spirit, and may the Holy Ghost take over now and make every person well. Lay your hands over on one another, and say, "Praise the Lord," everywhere. And rejoice and be happy, for Jesus Christ is here, the Lamb of God, to make you well, every one.
