---
Date: 1954-03-05
Title: God's provided way of dealing with sin
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Madison Square Garden in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 21 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# God's provided way of dealing with sin



**1** Good evening, friends. Very happy to be here tonight in the service of the Lord Jesus to do what I can for His people. I've just received a message here said, "When will I be in Des Moines, Iowa?" That's in June, and I think it's the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth. I believe it is, or something like that. Sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth of June, this year in Des Moines, Iowa in the national convention of some church. I don't even know what sponsors is behind it. But it's to be in Des Moines in some convention. So ever who is to be there, why, I hope to get to see you there. The Lord bless you. Now, it's very good to be here in Phoenix again tonight, to try to do all that I know how to do for God's glory: praying that God will bless and give the exceedingly, abundantly above all that we could do or think.

**2** I'm so happy tonight to know that I have the privilege of preaching and talking again to our Indian friends. I wanted to come... Maybe some of them can understand English; that, I do not know. But, I could not... If any of you can, or the interpreter for them: I wanted to come to San Carlos this time if I possibly could. But, it was so that my meetings were so scheduled so close together. I'm just going to have... It takes me five days to get back home and on the sixth day I have to begin at the coliseum in Ohio. So I have to drive around three hundred miles the next day and begin that night in the same auditorium where Mr. Billy Graham just left in a meeting there. So I would love to have got with you, and hope that I can sometime. I promised you that I would return, and I certainly will do it, by God's help, when I possibly can.

**3** Many things has happened since I was on the reservation at San Carlos. Is there any of the Indians can understand English? If you would, would you raise your hands? Any of the Indians understand English? I suppose not, maybe then... I seen one raise. Yes. Many things has happened at that time ... since that time. But there hardly hasn't been a meeting that I've ever had---that is of all parts of the world---but what I've spoke of the fine faith that I found in San Carlos among you people. I shall never forget that meeting, as long as I live, of the faith...

**4** The Indian people are not exactly like many of us other people. As far as beings, we're all off the same tree: Adam and Eve. And after all... I remember my subject that night to the Indians, that I was very much in sympathy with them. I know how they feel, or think I do. I think what if our country was taken, and we was treated the way that many of them has been treated. And I think if we've got so much money to send around over the world---now you may condemn me for this: charity begins at home---why not take care of our American Indians? Instead of sending it over somewhere, and letting them blow it back at us with a big bunch of bombs, and things. Right.

**5** After all we come in... There's many fine things about the Indian that the white man doesn't have. And especially one thing, my favorite thing, in hunting and fishing. He's a natural-born conservationist, the best in the world. A white man in his own nature is a murder. He'll shoot as long as there's something to shoot at. He'll destroy; he'll do everything he can. Don't tell me; I've been a game warden for years and I know what it is. Even some of the very ... in the conservation clubs and things, they're just as wicked and bad as the rest of them. But, an Indian takes what he has to have. God give it to him; the whole thing is his pasture. That's like his sheep, or his cattle. And I certainly have a great respect for those people.

**6** Don't say much, but thanks be. But there's one thing that I can say: They may not've got a good deal in the settling up of the nation, but I know Somebody who gives them the right deal, and that's Jesus Christ. He certainly does. They're His people, and He loves them. And that was proven the last time that I was at San Carlos. And I certainly trust that every one of them... Kind of broke me down when I met my boy, and he said... I sent him down to give them out prayer cards; he said, "Daddy, there wasn't even enough to have to give out all the prayer cards to." I said, "What was the matter?" They charge them about two hundred dollars to charter a bus to come down here. Poor people of a little bitty pension like that. So they just got up their sick and afflicted, best they could, and sent them down like that.

**7** Somehow another I feel little about that. It's true. If I had it to do over again, I'd cancel out one night here, and go up there. Certainly would, if I had to do over again. And to be sure that they got, 'cause they're deserving of it. And may the Lord bless them. Now, they're not hearing me. Their interpreter is hearing it, but they're not. And I want to speak a little bit from the Gospel to the white people in the building. And then I want to talk just a little bit by the interpreter to the Indians, just before I get ready to pray for them. And I want you people who's appreciative of our Indian friends... And remember, that is the real American. That's the real American. That's the God-given American. God put them here; we just come in and pushed them back. That's right. They are the God-given people of America. We are the aliens. That's right.

**8** And I want every one of you, in appreciation of this beautiful land that we live in, that God gave to the Indian... I want every one of you, while they're sitting with sickness and everything... I want each one of you to especially pray tonight, that God will bless and heal every Indian that's here, and may not one feeble one go back tonight, but every one of them go back and be made well. The Lord bless. I'm sure faith will do that. Now, you just pray. And I want to speak just a little bit to you who understand English. I want to read some of the Scripture and speak a little bit for them. For the English speaking people, so that the others can hear by the interpreter. But this is just a sermon, just a little sermonette for a few moments. Think of it now: We got two more nights---Saturday and Sunday---and then that great time comes that I hate to see in every meeting that I've ever had I believe, is the thing to have to say farewell to the people to leave for somewhere else. But there's coming a time where we won't say farewell no more, where we'll meet and never say goodbye.

**9** In the book of Isaiah tonight, for just a little short sermonette ... or, text, rather, I want to read some of the Scripture. Who has believed our report? ... to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of ... dry ground: he has no form or comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows ... acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; and he was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he has borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows; yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, ... bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we were healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; and we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD ... laid on him the iniquity of us all. Shall we bow our heads just a moment. I should say for a text tonight is: God's Provided Way Of Dealing With Sin.

```
Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?

Isaiah 53:2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.

Isaiah 53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.

Isaiah 53:4 Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.

Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.

```
**10** Our Heavenly Father, we thank thee, the great Author of this Scripture, who by the mouth of thy servant Isaiah, the prophet, foretold us of His coming and of His blessings. And how He would be a light to the Gentiles. And how that in His name would the Gentiles seek, trust. And we thank Thee tonight, that Thy words are all sure. They cannot fail. And we pray tonight, that as this being a night set aside for our Indian brothers and sisters, I pray, Father, that You'll bless them exceedingly, abundantly. May great signs and wonders be wrought among them, that when they go back across that trail tonight, may the Holy Spirit be in that bus, or car, or whatever they're in. May the glory of God be upon them, and may an old-fashioned revival break out up there at San Carlos. And every Indian on the reservation receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit.

**11** May signs and wonders be done there in those hills, and let the world know that You're a God who dwells in the hills, or in the valleys. And wherever You can find a human heart that You can dwell in, You come pressing Your way into that heart. Father, we pray now that You'll circumcise the lips of the speaker, the hearts of the hearer, that we might speak and hear the Gospel. And may the Holy Spirit take the things of God and place them into every heart, just where we have need of them. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. I was just a little early, and I don't want to speak long, because we want just a little time for the interpreter for the Indian friends.

**12** As I announced a few moments ago: God's Provided Way Of Dealing With Sin. God has a way; we have a way, but our ways are not God's ways. And we can't be in our way and God's way at the same time. Just like a road map; when I get ready to go home, I don't say, "Well, now, I set a compass that, perhaps, I live directly east and north from here." Well, if I just took out in that direction, I wouldn't get out of the city; but there's been a provided way made for me. I get a road map, see which way the road turns, the mark, where I turn to the left or to the right, and so forth, and follow that map closely, I'll make my way home by the grace of God. Well, God has a map; He has a provided way for us to go home to glory. He has a provided way for salvation. He has a provided way for divine healing. He has a provided way for the world to be operated. He has a provided way for the church.

**13** The church is to be operated by nine spiritual gifts, by the Holy Spirit. He has gifts, signs, and wonders in the church. That's God's provided way of perfecting His church. We try anything else---theology, teachings, anything else---it'll never work. It never did, and it never will. We've got to come back to God's way. God has a way to support a church, not making blankets and having soup suppers, but every man paying his tithes and offerings into the church, doing the way God said do. That's God's provided way for that. God has got a provided way for a man to come into the church. Today the way we bring men into the church, is give him a letter. Bring him into the church, the right hand of fellowship, sprinkle a little salt shaker full of water on top of his head, and bring him into the church.

**14** That's not what God said. God has got a different way from that, to bring the people into His church. By one Spirit, we're all baptized into one body, by the Holy Spirit. God's provided way of bringing men, Christians into the church, believers. The Bible said... Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "Repent, every one of one and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and your children, and to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." That was to continue on; as long as the Lord was calling, God still promised the Holy Ghost. That's right. That's God's provided way of coming into the church. And he said, "God added to the church daily. The Lord, Himself, added to the church daily, such as would be saved." Now the pastor never added daily, the board never added daily, but God added daily such as would be saved. That's God's provided way. That's what's got our church in trouble today, is because we've been adding daily. But now, God has to add daily. Amen.

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

Acts 2:47 Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.

```
**15** I think this... We add daily to our denomination, but God adds daily to the church of the new born. That's God's provided church, God's provided way, God's provided people. God has always provided a way. In the beginning, when God in His... Oh, how we could base this back---if God was willing, and we had the time---of when the sun went down at night, God provided a moon to give a lesser light. Now, the moon, and the sun are perfectly husband and wife. That's right, husband and wife.

```
Genesis 1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

```
**16** And when the sun goes down, it goes way behind the world, and reflects its light over on the moon, that the moon gives a lesser light by night. Just as Jesus when He was here on earth, He went away, went back up into the heavens, and reflects back the Holy Ghost on the church, which is the light in His place today. Perfectly. But remember, the moon don't give any light at all. The moon doesn't; that's still the sunlight on the moon. Amen. That's what it is today: It's not the church; it's the Holy Ghost on the church that does it. Not the church. That's God's provided way. Not to see if we can have a million more in fifty-four; that isn't our slogan. It's "God will add daily to the church, such as will be saved, until..." That's what the church needs today. That's what we need today. That's what we need to get back in God's way. It's just as the morning star: If I'd go out tonight, and would say up till the great morning star will be shining in the skies a little before day in the morning, I'd say, "Great morning star, what makes you shine? And what makes all you stars shine?" Well, if he could speak back to me, he'd say, "Why, Brother Branham, it's not me shining; it's the sun shining on me. That's what makes me shine."

**17** Someone said to me not long ago said, "Don't you think those people that holler, 'Amen,' and 'Hallelujah,' and all like that in the meeting, don't you think they're just a little excited?" I said, "No, they're shining. That's right. It's not me that's shining, it's not you that's shining; it's God shining on us in the Holy Spirit giving new birth." As the morning star is reflecting the light of the absent Christ by His power and demonstration, the church sends forth the light in this dark time. Soon daylight will come and the Sun of righteousness will rise with healing in His wings. This mortal will take on immortality. We'll see Him as He is, and be made like unto His own glorious body. There shall never be sick, nor heartache, or disappointment. We're waiting for the Son.

```
Isaiah 21:12 The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will inquire, inquire ye: return, come.

Malachi 4:2 But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall.

```
**18** And if you notice, the very teaching of nature... Watch nature if you want to see God, God in His great nature. You watch, just before the sun comes up of a morning... Isaiah, I believe it was the prophet one time, he said, "Watchman, what of the night?" He said, "The night cometh, and the morning cometh, and the night, also." If you notice he was just Scripturally in order. Watch. The first thing come, before the night come... Always before the daylight it's the darkest. It's always darkest just before the break of day. It's because the light is pressing and condensing the darkness. And then it's at that time that the morning star comes out. It's only the early risers that ever sees the morning star. And I think in this great hour of darkness just before the break of day, the Morning Star has shined again, spreading forth Himself. The early risers who are rising, not sitting back, "I'll get saved next year. I'll get saved next week." Them who rises and comes now sees the morning star. Rising out of your stoop and sleep of this modern world, theology, and moving into the powers of the Holy Ghost. The unchangeable riches of God spread forth in our hearts, showing signs and wonders. Why, sure we rise and give Him glory. The great morning star, I think of that. And then when He comes, then we shall see Him as He is, have a body like His, be free from sickness, and all ills, and be with Him forever.

**19** Now, one time I was thinking about something on the other of the morning star reflecting the light. I used to like to go to a certain stream up in the mountains, where you go sometimes to fish and to hunt. I remember being up there, here not long ago, when I was fishing one morning, had my little old tent set up, was catching trout. How I love to do that. And I was fishing one morning, and I come along and come back to my tent, and my tent was tore down. There was a big bunch of little old black bears in that country. And an old mother bear and her little cubs had got into that tent, and they had tore it to pieces. It wasn't what they eat; it was what they tore up. And so I noticed when I come up... I just had a little chopping ax in my hand, I'd been cutting some bushes so I could get down and throw my ... to fish. And I noticed the old mother bear, she run off a little piece, and cooed. One of the cubs jumped up and run with her. The other little fellow, I wondered what in the world he was doing; he's just sitting there with his little head down like that. And I thought, Well, he's a pretty game little fellow.

**20** Well, I heard the old mother bear cooing to the other one. I thought, Well, I don't want to get too close, because she can climb a tree as good as I can. So I don't want to get too close on her. She was out there and she'd raise up you know, and coo a little bit. I had an old beat-up rifle laying in there, but I guess it was stomped to pieces by that time. So I thought, She could outrun me. And I didn't want to get scratched by her. So I kept watching the little cub, and I noticed he was doing something; and I wondered what that little fellow was doing. And when I got over there to find out around like this, moved around closely, and watching the old mother, and to notice what the little bear was doing.

**21** You know, I like pancakes; I don't know whether you do or not. Down in the South, we call them flapjacks and they're really good. And I like to put molasses on them. And I had me a bucket of molasses. And that little fellow liking sweets---you know how bears like sweets---so he'd got the bucket ... the lid off the bucket. I had a nice big full bucket, 'cause I like plenty of molasses. You know, I'm a Baptist: I don't sprinkle them; I baptize them. I pour it on good and heavy. So then, I had really ... and this little old bear had got the bucket off of there. He'd sock his little foot down in and then lick it like that. He was molasses from the top of his head to the bottom of his feet. I never seen so much... And he looked around at me and the little fellows, his eyes all stuck together, you know he looked at me. He turned back around, stuck his little paw down again, kept licking molasses. I thought there's no condemnation to them that's in Christ Jesus. No matter how much danger is around, if you're licking, you don't notice it. That's all.

**22** Put me in the mind of a good old-fashioned Holy Ghost meeting, no condemnation at all, hands plum down to the ... up to your elbows in the honey of God, in the power of God. You don't care what's going on, who says anything; just keep on. They say, "Well, I don't believe in divine healing." Don't make any difference to you; if you're licking honey or 'lasses, just keep licking. That's all. That's what we need. Then I noticed after he got enough of it, the little fellow went off. And the funny part about it: He was so full of molasses and when he got over there, his mammy and the other little cub licked him. That's what's been the matter with the meeting. Somebody go up to meeting and have a big time, come over, the rest of them wants to lick on it the rest of the night. Watch God when He's moving in His great power in His nature.

**23** I used to go to an old spring there and drink. And every time I'd drink from that old spring, I noticed that ... I sat down one day to talked to it. And oh, it was just so happy, and jumping, and bubbling. I said, "Wonder what makes that spring so happy all the time?" I looked at it, and I thought, Now if you could talk, I want to ask you a few questions. 'Why are you so happy? Are you so happy because I drink from you?'" If he could speak, he'd say, "No." I'd say, "Maybe you're happy because deers and bears drink from you." He'd say, "No." "Well what makes you bubble all the time?"

**24** And if he could speak, he'd say, "Well, Brother Branham, it isn't me bubbling. It's something behind me pushing me, making me bubble." And that's the way it is in an old-fashioned Holy Ghost meeting. It's not them shouting; it's the power of God moving in them, bubbling up, freshening themselves, the powers of the living God. God's provided way of providing water: the artesian well, springing up ... joy. God dealings! He's always had a way to deal. He's got a way today of dealing with individuals. Sometimes if you won't listen to Him, He'll permit the devil to do something to you, so that He can bring you; lay you on your back sometimes so you have to look up. That's God's provided way many times of doing that.

**25** God's provided way in the Garden of Eden when man had sinned; and when God seen that man had sinned, what a horrible picture it was. When man had separated himself from His Creator ... and just the very strain of man... Just as soon as man realized that he had lost his fellowship with His Creator, instead of coming out and confessing himself to be wrong, he run off and hid. That's the way men still do: Instead of coming out and confessing you're wrong, run off and hide. And they still do that. Mankind... It's just in man to do that. Now, then God went up and down the Garden crying, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" It ought to've been Adam crying, "Father, Father, where art thou? I want to get to You and make things right."

```
Genesis 3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?

```
**26** But he wanted to hide, and he made himself a fig leaf apron---him and Eve. And they thought that would just be all right. But when they really come to the showdown---here it is now---when they had to stand in the presence of God their own-made religion wouldn't work. Right. My friend, tonight you may belong to some of these fine churches around here, but if that's the kind of religion you got tonight, your own-made: "I keep the golden rule. I don't do anybody any harm." That won't stand at all. No, sir. God had a provided way for you. God's got a provided way tonight. So God went out and killed something (perhaps, sheep), brought the old bloody sheepskins back and throwed them into the bushes. And Adam and Eve wrapped themselves in them bushes and covered themselves and come out in the presence of God.

```
Genesis 3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.

```
**27** Then when God pronounced a judgment: "Because you listened to your wife and not to God, I took you from the dust, dust thou shalt return." "Eve, because you listened to the serpent instead of your husband," what He would do for her, and the serpent and so forth. Then I can see Adam and Eve starting ... his big black shaggy hair, tears running down their cheeks, watch over Eve's most beautiful body, Adam's big strong arms and shoulders down across his legs, the blood running from these old sheepskins. And as they started walking away, I can hear something going like [Brother Branham makes a flapping noise] flapping. What is it? It's those old bloody sheep skins flapping around Adam's leg.

```
Genesis 3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;

Genesis 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

```
**28** Then I can see the most dramatic picture of all the Bible. I can see that great Jehovah God, who covered all space and all time, where you could look forever and forever, and never see the beginning of His being or the ending of Him. I can see it all coming down like a funnel in the four little letters: love. He could not bare to see His son and daughter going away in disgrace. Then He said, "I will put enmity between thy seed and the serpent's seed." Let's change our picture for a few moments and take it four thousand years later. Let's stand in the city of Jerusalem; God dealing with sin now. His way of judgment. And then in the city of Jerusalem I can hear coming down the street something dragging across the cobblestones, a howling mob like a bunch of wolves crying for a lamb's blood. I look coming down the street, I see a frail little thin Fellow, a crown of thorns on His head and the blood running down His face; blood all over His tracks.

```
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

```
**29** Now look, I notice all over His little garment, wove throughout without a blemish ... without a seam, rather, there's little spots all over His garment, little red spots. As I keep watching them spots, I see they keep getting bigger and bigger. What are those spots? After a while they all run into one big spot. I hear something again [Brother Branham makes a slapping noise.] flapping against the second Adam's legs. It was God's provided Lamb, the way God was dealing for sinners. He taken on Himself the form of sinful flesh, came down here and made in the likeness of a man, and there He was going up Golgotha's hill, bleeding, bleating... Oh, when He hung there between the heavens and earth...

**30** What a beautiful picture we pick up in Eden again, quickly. When I see Abel trying to find out how he could find favor before God. Cain a great man, a religious man. He came down and built a church, just as good as your church. He built an altar, he offered a sacrifice, he paid tribute to God. If God only requires you to have faith in Him... Cain was not an infidel. Cain was a believer---certainly was. Cain was not only that but he was a worshipper. And Cain was a genuine church member. And he built an altar to the Lord, knelt before the Lord and prayed. If God is just, which we know He is, and an altar, a church, a sacrifice, a faith in God is all that God requires, He was unrighteous to condemn Cain.

**31** But, God has a provided way and every man must meet that provided way. God's got a provided way tonight, and you must walk in that way. Abel did. And here, how beautiful Cain, perhaps made the biggest, prettiest church. And he put the lilies and so forth out. Coming Easter, you people around Phoenix here will be going to Easter services. Everybody goes out to Easter service, show your new hat. All right. And they go out there... I used to tell the congregation (I was a Baptist preacher), I said, "Merry Christmas to you; won't see you anymore now till Christmas." Every Easter---see them again Christmas. All right, get a new change of clothes and come back. All right. Here they come. It's a disgrace. That's right. Sure is.

**32** And here they come, look at them. Cain probably put their flowers, Easter flowers, on the altar like you'll put on the altar. There'll be tens of thousands of dollars, yes, up in the millions of dollars, spent in America for Easter flowers to put on the altar of the church. God don't want the flower on the altar; He wants you on the altar. Altar wasn't meant for flowers; it was made for men. That's right. But you send the flower in your stead. Cain did the same thing. See where it comes from? And here comes Abel: nothing pretty, nothing beautiful. Well, I guess they didn't have any hemp in that day, so he probably had a grapevine wrapped around the little lamb's neck.

**33** Here he come pulling the little lamb. The lamb knowing that death laid near him, pulling back. I wonder what kind of a death that was, when this little fellow knowed he was coming. And he laid him upon the rock, pulled back his head. They perhaps didn't have any knives or lances then, so they just took a sharp rock and begin to chop on his little neck. Did you ever hear a lamb die? You hear the most pathetic cry you ever heard when you heard a lamb dying. And as they beat him across his little juggler veins with this rock and the blood spurting out bathing his little wool, God looked down and said, "That's it."

**34** What did it speak of? It spoke of some four thousand years later, when the Lamb of God was hanging on the Rock of Ages and the judgments of God, of the sinner man, was hanging there, and His bloody locks dripping around His shoulder, speaking... Abel couldn't understand what the lamb was saying. And Jesus when He died spoke in an unknown tongue, "My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken me?" He was God's lamb dying on the altar, the innocent for the guilty. God dealing with sin in that manner. Nothing at all you can do, it's all ... God has already did it. You have to accept it, and by sovereign grace believe it. And God will vindicate your faith by giving you the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's right.

```
Matthew 27:46 And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

Mark 15:34 And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

```
**35** If you haven't received the Holy Spirit since you believe, there's something wrong somewhere. God gives everybody ... every believer the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's right. That's the confirmation of your faith. Abraham believed God by faith: true. But God give him the seal of circumcision as a confirmation of his faith. And Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed until the day of your redemption." So the seal of the confirmation of your faith is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. There God dealing, making a provided way for sinners. Isaiah said he was... "Who has believed our report? and whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?" How He would grow up like a tender branch, how He would be taken as a sheep before her shearers is dumb---opened not His mouth. And yet we did esteem Him smitten and afflicted of God.

```
Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?

Isaiah 53:2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.

Isaiah 53:4 Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.

Isaiah 53:7 He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

```
**36** How God had to pour all the divine judgment. It was the judgments of sin that drove Jesus Christ to Calvary. It was the judgment of sickness that striped His back. And there to pay the price of a guilty, dying generation of people. There Jesus Christ went to Calvary and paid the price. And when His blood had bled from His veins, while the earth sin embalmed His body from His righteous blood. And there He cried, "It is finished." What? The judgment is paid. All God required is fully paid on Calvary. What's paid? "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity: the chastisement of our peace was upon Him; and with His stripes we were healed." It was finished at Calvary for every believer that will accept sin in that manner, accept Christ.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

John 19:30 When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.

```
**37** Many times I say, Jesus Christ when He was taken up Calvary... I see the artist paint His picture with a bunch of clothes wrapped around Him. Brother, they did every disgraceful thing they could do to Him. I believe they stripped Him off, and beat Him, and just done everything to Him they could. Why? He had to pay the full penalty for your sins. He had to pay the full penalty for my sins. But there's where He conquered death. There's where He conquered hell. There's where He conquered the grave. There's where He conquered for your peace. Hallelujah! There's where He conquered your healing. There's where He paid the price. That's what God's requirement was. Now He taken the blister and stain out of sin. It's often said, "I sin not today."

**38** I was standing out today watching some honeybees work, and I watched those honeybees. I thought, Well, when a honeybee ever stings a person, then the stinger is left in the person, and it cannot sting no more. The honeybee stinging is done." Any insect that stings you one time that finishes it, because he leaves his stinger there. And I tell you Jesus Christ, on Calvary pulled the stinger out of death and sin, and there [unclear word] sickness has no control anymore. God's done dealt with it in judgment. Jesus took the stinger out of sin. Jesus took the stinger out of sickness. Jesus took the stinger off of Satan. Jesus took the stinger out of sin; and tonight he's helpless. Hallelujah! He can only buzz and make a lot of fuss, but he's got no stinger.

```
1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

1 Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**39** Paul said, "O death, where is your sting? Grave, where is your victory?" But thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's pray. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for taking the sting of death away. Thou, in Thy hours, Lord, how the sting of death did bite on Your body. How the sting of sickness dwelt in Your body. And there You bore our infirmities. That stings of headaches, that sting of cancer, that sting of disease which stung You in the body, but you paralyzed it. Hallelujah! It can't sting no more. When we come into You, Lord, there we are; no sin. Not... In our own selves we're all sinners, but in You, we are not sinners; we're sons and daughters of God. That restless man who has no rest or peace tonight, You was wounded for his transgressions and bruised for his iniquity, and the chastisement of his peace was upon You. And a man and woman here tonight that's so laden down with sickness, by the stripes You healed them.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**40** O Eternal resurrected Son of the living God, come shine upon us tonight with Your blessings. And may You vindicate Your presence of being here, that all Your people might, with one accord, be healed and saved tonight, for we ask it in Jesus' name. And, Father, these handkerchiefs that's here in this box, they're going across different parts of the country, going to the sick and the needy. And I pray, Lord, as I lay hands upon these handkerchiefs, that You'll heal everyone of them and get glory tonight. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Excuse me. No wonder the poets and every man that ever amounted to anything, sung the praises of God. I can think of the poet said: Mid rendering rocks and darkening sky My Savior bowed his head and died; The opening veil revealed the way To heavens joy and endless day.

**41** How can you turn from Calvary? If you're sick, look to Calvary. "Look to Me, all ye ends of the earth." Look and live, my brother, live. Look to Jesus now and live. It's recorded in His Word, Hallelujah. It's only that you look and live. If looking at the type ... the brass serpent word, the serpent. You say the serpent meant Jesus? Yes, the serpent was Jesus. The serpent... Brass spoke of divine judgment. The brass made into a serpent spoke of the serpent already judged. And if looking at the type would heal the people, what more will the antetype now do? If you could look as those people looked at the brass serpent and lived, how much more can you look to Jesus Christ and live, where the full penalty is paid.

```
Isaiah 45:22 Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.

```
**42** Is there an interpreter to the Indian friends? If there was one that can interpret, I would like to have them come to the platform just for a moment. I want to speak to them just for a moment. If you would, someone who can interpret the Apache language. All right, someone is coming. Now, how many sinners in here tonight wants to look and live? Let's see your hands group. Look say, "Remember me, brother preacher. I'm a sinner, I want Jesus Christ." I'll have prayer for you now. Anywhere in the balconies, anywhere. God bless you, sir. That's true... God bless you, lady. Somebody else? God bless you. Someone else? Up through the balcony to the right, "Remember me, Brother Branham; I am not yet a Christian." Raise your hand. To the balconies to the rear, over on the floor anywhere, raise your hand say, "Remember me." God bless you. I see you, lady, over there.

**43** O Heavenly Father, You seen those hands, and I pray now as they realize that the judgments of God was upon Christ and He bore in His body the iniquity of us all. May they come humbly and sweetly just now to Him. And in their hearts say, "From this night henceforth, I will serve the Lord." Grant it. I pray that You'll give them and confirm their faith before this meeting is over, with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For we ask it in the name of Thy own dear Child, Jesus Christ. Amen. Is this the interpreter? How do you do? Do you speak English all right? All right, I want you to stand by this microphone and just speak as I say to the people, if you will. Is this another mike? All right. That's all right. This will be all right for us, just so he catch our voice.

**44** [Brother Branham speaks and a man interprets to the Indian people in the congregation.] My dear Indian friends, with a heart full of love I come to you. I have many times thought of you, since I was with you at San Carlos. I have spoken of your faith all over the world. I am sorry that I didn't get a chance this time, to come to the reservation. I asked the people if they would give this night for you all. May the Lord bless you. You are God's children. I am your brother. Now, you have read the Bible, and you have heard of Jesus Christ. If Jesus Christ raised from the dead, then He is the same today that He was then. We read of Him in the Bible, a man of sorrow acquainted with grief. He did not claim to be a great person. He did not claim to be a healer. He said, "It is my Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works."

```
Isaiah 53:3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**45** When He passed through the pool of Bethesda (in John 5), many twisted and afflicted people lay there, and He passed them by. And He found a man laying on a pallet. And He said, "Will thou be made whole?" For Jesus knew that he was laying there and had been sick a long time. And the man was made well. And then He passed the others by. In the nineteenth verse of the same chapter, He was questioned by the Jews. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of Himself, but what He sees the Father doing: for what the Father doeth, He showeth the Son. The Father worketh and I worketh hitherto." So He only did what the Father showed Him by vision.

```
John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:17 But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**46** We notice Him with the woman at the well. He looked on her, and He said, "Bring Me a drink." And she said, "The well is deep." The conversation went on. Then finally, He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I have none." He said, "You have five." She said, "I perceive You are a prophet." And she ran into the city. Said, "Come see a man who told me all things I ever done." He never told her all she did, but He told her where her trouble was.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**47** When Philip found Nathanael, he said, "Come, see who we have found: Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph." He said, "Could anything good come out of Nazareth?" Said, "Come, see." And when he came into the prayer line, (now listen), Jesus said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." It astonished him. He said, "Whence knowest thou me, Rabbi?" Said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree." He said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God."

```
John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**48** Now, if Jesus... Then Jesus said before leaving the earth, "The things that I do, you shall also." Now, if Jesus has risen from the dead, then He'll do the same things tonight that He did when He was here on earth. He did not heal. He only saw visions and done what the Father told Him to do. Now, then, if He has risen from the dead He does the same thing tonight, making Him the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right? Now, if He will come tonight and reproduce that life here before you, His people, will you accept Him as your healer? Lord bless you.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**49** [Brother Branham speaks without the interpreter] Now, we're going to call for a number of the Indian people. And tell them to have faith and if Jesus Christ will speak (I can't even speak their language), but if Jesus Christ will show vision, (You can put it in their own words, so they'll understand), if Jesus Christ will reproduce Himself here in His servant, and will show visions like He did in state like He did to the woman at the well, or to Nathanael, or those things, that will show that He's risen from the dead and living with His people. (Now you know about how to put it together.) [The Indian interpreter speaks to the Indian people] Can you notice that you can't understand the language, but you feel the Spirit of it given out? It's the same Holy Spirit.

**50** Now, this picture ... his picture which was taken... This light that was on this picture is, to my opinion, the same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. When I was just about three minutes old, it come into the room where I was born in a little log cabin. And that same Angel of God that led the children of Israel is leading the church tonight. The same Jesus, the same yesterday, today, and forever. (You've seen it, haven't you? You understand it, do you, sir? It was taken. All right. [The interpreter speaks again] God bless you. I want you, when you go, to take this to your reservation and you can hang it up there someplace where you can see it. All right.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**51** Now, you... Now, I'll have to call just a certain number, see what I mean, from in there and get just a few, then I can see where it starts as we regular do with the regular audience. You understand there, with the line of prayer. Now, I believe he has given prayer cards; and it's just a little card and it's just got a number on it, you see. So let's... Where is he at? N-1 to 100. Let's begin about at... Well, let's see; start about 35. Ask who has ... tell them to look at their prayer cards and see who has the number on the back of it 35, N-35. [Interpreter speaks] Tell them to raise up their hands. Now tell her to come here. Now, tell them 36, 37, 38, 39, 40. Is it the same? Is the words the same, as the word, forty? All right 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50.

**52** Now, how many in the building here that does not have prayer cards? I mean, of the English speaking people here. How many of you do not have prayer cards, and yet want God to heal you? Let's see your hands. Everywhere, see all right. (Ask the Indians here if you will, brother, just ask them, how many there wants to be healed? Just right where they're at, just ask them if they want to be healed. Say, "If you want to be healed, just raise up your hand." [The interpreter speaks.] You can see the feeling of the people, see. We're all... We don't make our government; we're just a part of it as you are, but we all have love and sympathy. You understand what I say 'cause you understand English.

**53** Now, I want everyone just as reverent as you can. And, sister, quietly if you will, Only Believe, just for a few moments if you will. I got... How many more? Can you take anymore? Pretty well lined up there now. Now, all the white people in here understand that we are ... how we'll conduct our services. Now, of course, I can't say... We give it out for the Indians friends. But the Angel of the Lord, when He comes, He'll come over anyone, you see. So you just ... it's just wherever it is. Now, you be in prayer, and have faith, and believe with all your heart that the Lord Jesus will grant the blessings of God to you this night. Now, softly if you will now. Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, all things are possible, Only............... (Are you a missionary, up there, brother? I'm glad to meet you, brother.)

**54** Now, let's tonight just everybody now just be quietly. And now just let the Holy Spirit move. And keep your children near, 'cause diseases dwell among the Indian people, the same as it does among all other people. And it's the same sickness, the same demons that possess the Indians, possess the other people. And we find it in all nations everywhere, that we find the same action. You right here... When these people ... or this man was speaking, you could tell he was a Christian man and the Holy Spirit moving. You couldn't understand, see, but you knew he was a Christian; he's your brother, see? That puts together, see.

**55** Now, I'm not responsible for critics. I won't be responsible, 'cause diseases go from one to another. And many of you here are aware of what takes place in the meetings many times. And many people are not here on earth tonight because of irreverence. Many of them in institutions and everything because of irreverence. Now, you understand it; I can't speak one word of their dialect. And the only way in the world that I'll ever be able to know is by a vision. Now, the vision ... I might not be able to speak their language, but the vision, it just sees the same thing, see. No matter what it was, if it's being ... whatever it is, it's a vision, it shows just the same. It'll come to them just the same as it does to any.

**56** Now, Brother Brown, if you will... I want you to ... you use that microphone. I will speak just ... you just... Let's see, maybe I'd better take this mike here and let the brother have... No that still won't. How did we do that in Africa? I believe we got it like this. Yes. Now, tell her to look to me, now, to this woman here. (Now, you interpret my words.) Good evening. Of course, I cannot speak your language, but yet the Lord understands all language. I perceive that you are a believer. This is a perfect picture of the Bible again. Jesus met a woman of Samaria, and He knew where her trouble was. Then, of course, we don't know each other, but God knows both of us. God can tell me what's wrong with you. Do you believe that? If Jesus of Nazareth would let me know what is wrong with you, would you accept Him as your healer? Now, look at me.

**57** Now, I want the Christian people in here, everybody to pray. This is just a little vice versa, see. And I'm just a bit disturbed about it because I can tell there's ... it's different. I'm switched around and it's a spirit everywhere, you see. But that's all right now. Just everybody be in prayer. See, that's all I ask you, while I look on the woman. It's a vision has to come vision (You know that), ' cause I know nothing about her; you know that. And there's nothing I could do, only just look and see what He would tell me. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, I take every spirit in here under my control for the glory of God. The Angel of the Lord is now here. It's her eyes, and it's her stomach, also, 'causes... Tell her when she eats... I notice she has suffering after eating. That's right, isn't it?

**58** She can't understand me, so she won't know she's got cancer of the stomach, see. So she won't understand. You believe now that God will heal her? She does a lot of complaining, see; complaining with... What it is, it's fermenting gases---presses up like this; it smothers her around the heart. She has to raise up; lots of time, she has to raise up like that after eating, see. So that's her condition, you see. Now, everyone be reverent. This woman can't live long without God's help. So be reverent. Almighty God, the Author of life, look down this afternoon, Father, who has pity upon all. And this poor old gray-headed mother standing here, bound by this enemy. I pray for divine mercy for her, Lord; that You'll be kind to her, and may the enemy leave her. I rebuke this enemy, the devil, that's trying to take her life. In the name of Jesus Christ come out from her. Now tell her to be of a good courage. Go eat what you want to. God bless you. God bless you. Let us say, "Thanks be to God." Now, you try to quote right behind me, if you can, to the people, and bring... What say? All right. Let's try it this way and see. You stand by this one right here. Now, maybe that would be it. All right. Is this the way we did it in Africa? That's right, sure. Now, you that's ... get switched around, but now... Look at me, lady. Now, of course, we being strangers to each other, I would know nothing about you. But Jesus Christ knows both of us. And if I be His servant, then He will show me what you have need of. Do you believe that? If He will, will you accept Him as your healer? Look at me. You are suffering with a nervous trouble.

**59** It broke from me. Try to catch it as quick as I can say it, if you can. It's a vision, you see. It leaves her. Just like looking into a screen or something. You see it and I forgot what it was. Now, try to catch her again. Tell her just to keep look at me. Now, you catch my voice. Tell her to look at me, see. (God help me.) Nervous, and you are... It's a evil spirit that bothers you and if there's a... You want the Lord Jesus Christ as your Savior. You need Jesus as Savior. An evil spirit. Is that true? Ask her if that's true. You are tormented. Feel something evil around you. Feel real funny at times. She's catching my words now. You get all upset. And she sometimes thinks she's losing her mind. See her nod her head to me? When the inspiration, I seen that once before in my life. You're healed, lady, and saved, too. You can go home now and be well. God bless you. It's all gone. It's going to be all right. God bless you. Jesus Christ saves you and heals you, too. Praise the Lord. A woman speaking Indian heard me in English. She nodded back to me. One time, somewhere else, there was a little Spanish girl who come to the platform. They had to have an interpreter. And when the vision come down and I told her what was wrong, she understood me in Spanish. And she didn't even know one word of English and I spoke English and she understood in Spanish, but when the inspiration left she didn't hear nothing. That same thing taken place, lady, there. She was understanding me in her Indian dialect, though me speaking English.

**60** Whatever was wrong ('Course, it's a vision; I don't remember it), but whatever it is it's gone from her, 'cause it just got real white around her like that. Just that light flashed all around her and she was... Come. [To the interpreter: All right, watch me now, and speak my words. See, when the vision strikes, just what I'm saying, you say it just as fast as I'm saying it, 'cause when it breaks from me then it's something I have to look at, you see. Just speak it out, kind of loud as you can, to him, or just say the words. You just quote me all the time. Just be my voice on that, you see.]

**61** How do you do? We are strangers. You are a Christian. She hears me, too. Oh, you understand English? Oh, well, that's... (You don't have to quote it then unless you do to them.) All right, then if you can speak English then much the easier for me, you see. All right. You are a Christian 'cause your spirit is welcome. Now, I don't know nothing about you, sir. I never seen you in my life, as far as I know; if I did, I don't remember it. We're two men just met here on earth, two Christians, saved by the same Lord. There's nothing physically wrong with you. What you're wanting to do: You've got a call to the ministry to preach the Gospel and you want me to lay my hands on you. Our God [unclear words] preach the Gospel and bless my brother and may he go [unclear words] power and preach the gospel [unclear words] in Jesus' name. Amen. Bless you, my brother. Praise be to the living God.

**62** Now, the Lord knows all things. There is nothing before Him but what the Lord does know. Now, (to the mike) the rest of you Indians, look and believe. You don't have to be here on the platform. You just have faith in God. Do you believe me to be God's servant? Then look this way and believe. Bring the lady. How do you do? Do you understand? (Does she understand English? Well, that's very nice. All right.) Do you believe me to be his servant? You are a Christian. You realize that you're standing in the presence of something, not your brother; it's something different. You have a trouble. Isn't that right? In the side? And it's a place on your foot. And it's the left foot that's got a growth on it. Is that right? Go, Jesus Christ will make you well.

**63** Come. Look. Do you speak English? Then I'll be able to help you as your brother. Oh, here's the one that's got something in his side. It's a hurting like a kidney trouble, in the side. You have a loved one that's sick, too. A husband or something, man, with stomach trouble sitting right out there. Both of you go up to the reservation, you're going to be well. Jesus Christ make you whole. You too, my brother. Let us say, "Thanks be to God." Speak English? If the Holy Spirit will speak and tell me what is your trouble, you accept Jesus as your healer? It's your back. Amen. Now you go. You're healed. Jesus Christ makes you well. All right.

**64** Do you believe the Lord Jesus? Maybe she doesn't speak English. You speak English? Yes. All right. If Jesus will tell me what your trouble is, you believe for your healing then? We are strangers to one another, of course. You have heart trouble. Isn't that right? But you think it's heart trouble; it isn't heart trouble. Most of your suffering, I see when you lay down. It's a smother; it's a nervous condition, coming to the time of life that you are, which causes the food to form in a gas and presses against your heart. You are going to be well, though. Jesus Christ makes you whole. God bless you. You go and [unclear words] .

**65** All right. Come, lady. We be strangers. Do you speak English? Well, very good. If the Lord Jesus will... Be reverent. Do you believe me to be His servant? Something strange... There's a white woman different from her, stood there by her. Now, there was a spirit in here, a demon calling for help. That's what it is. It's on a white woman, a little, kind of aged, and it's the same thing as this woman has. Two women standing here together. Oh, here she is. You don't have a prayer card, do you? No. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe me to be God's servant? Look this way, lady. Both of you have TB; you have TB, you have TB. It's them demons calling one to another. Yes, lady, that is right. You was brought here tonight by your daughter, and your daughter doesn't live in this town. She come from the south, coming north, from a place where it's got a big hill, a lot of cactus. It's Tucson. She come and brought you here. Is that right? Get up out of your wheelchair, your cot there, go on back down to the reservation. Be made well in the name of the Lord Jesus. All right. Do you speak English? You've got arthritis, haven't you? Raise up your hand. Raise to God. That's it. You're healed. Go off the platform rejoicing.

**66** Come, lady. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you speak English? Do you speak English? Do you believe me to be His servant? Do you believe me to be God's servant? She's excited. It's the Holy Spirit on her. That fire is hanging right around above her. Tell her to go home and eat her supper. The stomach trouble's left her. Have faith in God. What you praying about, lady? You've just accepted the Lord Jesus to be your Savior. So you suffer with a nervous trouble; is that right? Nervousness. Stand up on your feet. Jesus Christ makes you well.

**67** All... You sitting next to her there, what about you with your hand up, the lady sitting next to her, the Indian woman. Dorothy. Stand up on your feet, Dorothy. You've been having trouble in your side. Is that right? You're healed. What about you next to her? There, you stand up. You have pains to your neck. Is that right? You're healed. Go home and be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. What about you waving your hand back there? Do you believe, with your hand up? You've got inward trouble. Is that right? Stand up on your feet; Jesus Christ makes you whole. Do you believe? You sitting there, you have sinus, stand up, sitting there. That lady sitting there, you've got sinus trouble. You're healed. Jesus Christ makes you whole. You sitting there with the inner trouble, you with a female disorder, Jesus Christ makes you whole. God has healed you both. Everybody wants to be healed, stand to your feet. The Holy Ghost is here. In the name of Jesus Christ...
