---
Date: 1954-03-30
Title: Redemption in completeness, in joy
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the Male High School in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 16 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Redemption in completeness, in joy



**1** I'm happy tonight, again, to greet you in the name of our lovely Lord Jesus, the resurrected Son of God. And His presence was already here when I come in, so we're expecting to see the "exceedingly, abundantly above all that we could even do or think," tonight, that God will pour out upon us, of His blessings, and magnify Jesus Christ in our midst. I had been speaking the last two nights... Sunday night, I think, we had a healing service, and Monday night I was preaching. And give out... Started a subject, Sunday morning in the Tabernacle. And I thought, while we were waiting around for a crowd to kind of get picked up a little bit, I would kind of give vent to my feelings. One of these days, if God willing, and will help me, I'd just like to have several campaigns where you don't just go in and preach nor teach the Scripture; and make altar calls, and get down at the altar and pray for the people, and like we old-fashioned Baptists used to do. Only two Baptists I heard say, "Amen." So where you all at tonight? Someone said, "Brother Branham, was you a Baptist?" "Yeah," I said.

```
Ephesians 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

```
**2** I was preaching here at Arkansas, one time. A fellow, old fellow, got healed. He was a Nazarene. He had his crutches on his back, the next day, going around through the city, with a sign on it, "God taken me off of this, last night." And he was very badly crippled. It was in Little Rock. And he had been that way for several years. And everyone knew him, 'cause he went around, had his hat laying down, selling pencils out of the hat. And everyone knew him, so it just started ... just done a great thing in the city. And a couple nights after that, I was preaching, and he raised up. He said, "Just a minute, Brother Branham; do you mind if I ask you something?" I said, "No, sir." And he said, "Well," he said, "when I heard you preaching, I knew you was a Nazarene." He said, "Then I seen all the Pentecostal people around here, and somebody told me you were Pentecostal." He said, "I heard you say, a while ago, you was a Baptist." He said, "I don't get this." I said, "Well, that's easy. I'm a Pentecostal Nazarene Baptist." That's right. We're just ... believe.

**3** Oh, friends, I don't belong to any denominational church, and yet I belong to every one of them. When I started out in this, I said, "Christ is my head. This Bible is my textbook. And the world is my church." So, that's what I want to be till I die.

**4** Now, in a night or two, we'll try to start a healing service again, when we get... 'Course, seeing these cots and stretchers laying around here, I'd like to see something. I'm so anxious for something to happen here in Louisville, Kentucky, because this is my home state. I've never had a good, what you call a good meeting in Kentucky. And I don't mean that with any slam. I've had plenty bad ones, plenty places. But, I mean, right here in my own home, it's so hard, just so hard to break it. I don't know why. But I guess it's because Jesus said, "In your own country," and how it would be, that's probably the way it is. But we never get to see too many outstanding miracles. I had a service here, about a year or two ago, in Jeffersonville, but it happened to be the woman was from up here in Kentucky somewhere. She had turned to chalk, like, from her limbs down ... from her hip down to her limbs, rather; and she hadn't walked, for seventeen years. Many of you was there that night, remember the case. And she got right up and walked out of the Tabernacle, normally.

**5** Now, I'd like for something to get started here in Louisville, where I could see an old-fashioned revival sweep through this lovely big city here. It's a city like all other cities; it's as wicked as all get out. You know that's the truth. I'm not hurting Kentucky; 'cause, I'm a Kentuckian, too. All right. But it's truth. It's wicked. This is the home of all whiskeys and distilleries, and wicked devices and everything, like; it happens right around Louisville, Kentucky, here, so this is the seat of Satan. But we can break it to pieces with the Gospel of Jesus Christ, if we'll all get together. That's right. We got to unite our powers together and push.

**6** Sometime ago, a very famous evangelist in the country said (talking about the services here), he said, "Well, here's what it is." He said, "When I go into a city, everything throughout the country has to sponsor my meetings or I won't go." That's right. Well, just think: I think there's perhaps sixty or seventy big Baptist churches right in Louisville, see. How about the Methodist? And it's a Methodist town; Asbury being up here. What would that man have if he come to this city, just of Methodists and Baptists, let alone the Presbyterian and all? Now how many full-Gospel churches is there here in the city? Two or three little missions down along here somewhere, just small churches, here and there, and they're at war with one another.

**7** So when you come in, you have to stand on the strength of your ministry. That's right. And everybody is like a politics moving in. It's on the strength of your ministry, or draw from whatever the Lord will send. I like it that way. Brother, if Jesus Christ ain't my stay here, and my dependence, then I have nothing else to depend on. That's right. On Christ the solid Rock, I stand; all other grounds is sinking sands, to me. I'd rather preach to five people that I know God had sent to hear the message, than to preach to ten thousand that was politically pulled into it. That's right. I'd rather see one old-fashioned conversation, get down to the altar and cry and "boo-hoo" through, than to see ten thousand stand, just say, "Well, I'll try it." Try it? He's not a Christ to try; He's One to accept. Live or die, sink or drown, take Him anyhow. That's right.

**8** If I prayed for ten thousand people tonight, and they all died in the morning; tomorrow night I'd be back here praying for the sick, believing God's Word was right. That's right. If I was dying; and five thousand people died a hundred years ago, and had been in eternity that long, rose back and come to the earth, and said, "Brother Branham... Don't you trust it. He's not right. Don't trust it. We trusted him, went; we failed." I'd still say, "Let me die in Jesus Christ." That's right. I believe it. And that's my whole heart; everything's set right in that. And I believe it with all my heart, and I depend on Him. And I love His people. I love you fellow citizens of the kingdom of God. And I want to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with you, and bear the burden.

**9** Now, tonight... I give out, last night... I was going to speak a little while tonight, the Lord willing. Don't want to keep you too long, tire you, 'cause we're expecting... I've got kind of like a fleece before the Lord for this meeting. And I'm expecting God to do something that will start the meeting a rolling right here in the city. You pray, do your part; then, when the judgment comes, we can all stand and say, "We did our part." In the 20th chapter of Exodus, and beginning with the 7th verse, I wish to speak just a few moments, if God will permit, on a very ... well, I'd say, not an outstanding subject, but a good subject. Last Sunday, at the Sunday school at the Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, we started on, Redemption By The Blood.

**10** And here's what I'm trying to do, if you want to know why I'm doing this here. Many of you say you never seen me preaching in a healing campaign, but it's for a purpose. I think if I could get souls broke down and come to the altar, then I'd find favor with God for Louisville (That's right.); when the people really get down before God and pray. And, then, there's many of you, friends, that's praying, fasting, and afraid to take hold of what you're praying for. That's right, see. It won't do you no good to fast and pray, 'less you got some works to go with it. All your faith, in the world, won't do you a bit of good unless you step right out there, and toe-to-toe with it, and take it. That's all. You've got to go forward. You just got to step right out and do it, anyhow. When you ask for anything, go get it. God said it's yours, so don't take nothing less. Get what you asked for. You do that, and find out how it comes out. Don't back up and say, "Well, I'll take second."

**11** I take first. God promised me first; that's what I want. And for these twenty-three years I've served Him, He's give me that place. And as long as I believe Him and love Him, and He loves me, it'll be just that way; because He's obligated to His Word. "Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe you receive it, you shall have it." That's what He said. Is that right? That's good. All right. I like to hear you say, "Amen." You know, Sister Hoover, amen means "so be it," to me, you know. And I go to speaking, I don't hear nobody say "amen," I get all puzzled.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**12** Here sometime ago I was preaching in a little church, and I was just... Oh, I haven't got very many pulpit manners, according to the ... I guess, the theology of the day, so I guess I got a little unruly. And I think I jumped up on the pulpit, like that, and grabbed the microphone in my hand, and sat there, and my feet swinging off, preaching just as hard as I could. I come to myself; I didn't know what I was doing. In a few minutes, I got lost again, I found myself down in the middle of the aisle, rolling up my trouser legs. I don't know why, but I was really... I'd liked to stayed there a while, that's one thing I'd like to say. It was somewhere that I sure was enjoying myself. I just lived off of it for several days afterwards. There was a man come to me, and he said, "Say," he said, "how can you preach, and all them people saying, 'Amen'?" I said, "That's what makes me preach."

**13** I used to have an old dog. I 'coon hunted. I guess I got plenty of Kentucky friends here that likes to 'coon hunt. And he would tree anything there was, and go get it, besides a skunk; and he just wouldn't have nothing to do with that. Now, he'd run him under a brush pile. And the only thing I had to do... I didn't want to get under there after him, I was sure. So the only thing I'd do, is just raise up the brush, and pat him and holler, "Sick him, boy! Sick him!" He'd go get the skunk. Now, the worst skunk I know of is the devil. And if you want to do a little patting, just holler "amen" once in a while. We'll get him treed, after awhile, and go get him.

**14** You know, old Buddy Robinson... Many of you has heard of him, haven't you? The Nazarene church. He said, "Lord," said "give me a backbone like a saw log. Give me lots of knowledge in the gable end of my soul. And let me fight the devil as long as I got one tooth, and then gum him till I die." I think that's a good... And that's just what he did. That's just what he did; way, nearly a hundred years old, and still preaching the Gospel. I hear them old veterans preaching like that. The other day, I happened to turn on the radio, and an old brother, by the name of Mordecai F. Ham, around a hundred years old, still preaching the Gospel. I said, "God, bless him, and may he have stars in his crown when he gets there." Brother Ham, I just barely know him. One of these days I want to meet him before he crosses over, the Land. And, so, he can shake hands with a lot of folks over there. I know he will have plenty to shake hands with when he gets there, though, because he's been an old veteran. The Lord bless you now. And now, before we enter into this Word, let's ask the Author to come down and reveal it to us.

**15** Our kind Heavenly Father, we approach Thee, tonight, in that lovely, magnificent name of Thy Son, Jesus; confessing our sins, that we are not worthy to speak His holy name. For all the family of Heaven is named "Jesus." All the family on earth is named "Jesus." And in that name every knee shall bow, and every tongue shall confess to it, whether they be sinners or saints. Then, when we speak in His name, how we should be quivering in our hearts, with reverence, as we speak. So we ask in His name, reverently, that You will come to us tonight, Lord. We're here in the midst of a great city, with all kinds of devices that Satan has got the people so bound up, in their businesses, in his gambling, in prostitution, whiskey, and cigarettes. O God, and many ministers in the pulpit, just let it pass by as if it was just one of the common things. But, God, give us a voice of warning, that we'll preach the Gospel straight and true, lay the axe to the root of the tree, let the chips fall wherever it will be. But help us, Lord, to pronounce judgment upon such things, and preach the Gospel of Thy dear Son, Jesus.

```
Ephesians 3:5 Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;

Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

```
**16** God, grant something to take place that'll shake this city for the kingdom of God, that even the churches that's just going along on the corners with a few members, O God, may them churches fill up and pack out with good, old-fashioned, saintly people, born again. Grant it, Lord. And may we receive a revival, an old-fashioned, God-sent revival that will just shake from one side of the city to the other, getting rid of all the meanness. O God, don't give us a protractive meeting. Give us a revival that will close up bootleg joints, and that'll get things right; and make people come, when the church bell rings, and flock to the altar and pray before the pastor's message, and be ready. God, grant it. Now, tonight, there may be sick here, Father. And while we're speaking on the sick, or for the sick, also, may the Holy Spirit heal every sick person in the building. Save every sinner. Call back home every backslider from his wayward way. And now may the Holy Spirit be the One that has guided me to this subject, tonight. And may He take the things of God and just use His servant here as an instrument, and may God receive glory. For we ask it in His name. Amen.

**17** In the 7th verse of the 20th chapter of Numbers, we read this. And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, ... speak ye to the rock before their eyes; and it shall bring forth his water, (I want you to notice that, "his" water.) ... it shall bring forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink. And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him. And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them. Hear ... ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of the rock? And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the waters came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also. May the Lord take these few words now, as we go back to our subject from last night and bring it up to this, God willing.

```
Numbers 20:7 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,

Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

Numbers 20:9 And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.

Numbers 20:10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?

Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

```
**18** And now, I want all the sick that's in here, tonight... Now, Billy never give out any prayer cards today, 'cause I told him not to. I said, "Just go over, Billy, and tell Brother Cauble. And just let me..." I'm trying something, for the glory of God. Just asking God to help us, to give us souls into the kingdom; and believers that will strengthen their faith, and move up, even without anything else, will just move right up and say, "God, I believe You, on the Word." That's it. There's the initial, and first, and best way. That's right. Take God at His Word. Then, if you can't do that, then, 'course, God sends other things in, such as gifts and signs, to confirm His Word, to confirm it to every believer. Now, Sunday, we had Redemption By The Blood.

**19** We're taking Israel now, in their journey, coming out of Egypt (type of the world), on their way to Palestine, the promised land. I think it's a beautiful thing. I just love it. Pretty near every week, I sit down and read through that book of Exodus, if I can, or as much of it as I can. I love it because it's a perfect type of the church today, the condition, and how God is moving. Moved then... What He did in the natural then, He's doing in the spiritual now. See it? Now, there He led Israel, natural, where they seen, looked, moved them out of a certain land into another natural land. Now we're moved by the Holy Spirit, going now into the promised land. You believe we're on a road to a promised land? "In my Father's house is many mansions. If it wasn't so, I would have told you. I'll go and prepare a place for you." Is that right? Now we have a promised land that we're going to, and each day marks a milestone; another day, another milestone.

```
John 14:2 In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.

```
**20** And there's a big dark shadow setting yonder before us, called death. And every time our heart beats, we move one step closer to that. One of these days, it's going to take its last beat, and we're going in. I want to be at my time, make my lot; as I hope every one of you is, tonight. When I know that it's laying just before me, and I have to meet it, I don't want to be a coward. I want to wrap myself in the robe of His righteousness, walking into it, knowing this: that I am sure that I know Him in the power of His resurrection. That's right. That, when He calls from among the dead, I'll be called out with them that's a living. God is a God of the living.

**21** Now, as they journeyed in this land, we found out that God made a plan for them. He brought redemption, by the blood. Then we find out, He brings redemption, again, by power. We found, night before last, that He had the blood applied which was a very beautiful type of the believer, that when he has accepted the death of Christ in his stead, then he becomes a child of God. He starts on his journey. Now, the next thing that he has to have after he is saved spiritually... Now, the death of the innocent lamb provided life for the guilty believer. Isn't that a perfect type now? The death of the innocent providing life for the guilty. And the death of the innocent Christ provides life for we the guilty. Now, first... Then after God gave them life through the blood and proved it, that death passed over them, He started them in their journey. We're going to catch up with them after a while.

**22** Now notice. Then, the next thing God did... As soon as they would become believers and children, and accepted God, the enemy of physical death took after them. And he had them cornered, right up with the desert on one side; the Red Sea on another; mountains on another side; Pharaoh's army coming, pursuing; millions of soldiers coming in the march to overcome them. Now, God had made manifest that He had give them life, through the death of the lamb; now He is going to show them physical redemption. Hallelujah! See, both for salvation and healing (see), for the natural man and the spiritual man. The death Angel passed over, proving that God had made a way of escape through the offering of the blood, and they accepted it. Now He's going to make a way of escape from a physical death. Like the believer, as soon as he gets saved. Maybe a cancer has eaten him up, or some disease. God has redemption, also, through power. The same as He has redemption for the soul, He has redemption for the body.

**23** They were saved, and they were circumcised. They were under the blood, but, yet, Pharaoh was going ... the enemy was going to destroy them, kill them all right there in the wilderness; then God showed His power of redemption for their body. You get it? You know what I'm speaking of? Redemption by the power! And then, when the enemy was right nearly on them, the great supernatural pillar of fire raised up from over Israel, come over here and stood between them and death. Let it soak for a few minutes. Can you see what I'm speaking of? Now, to every believer, born-again child of God, when death comes stealing to the door prematurely, the Angel of God stands between you and the sickness. Now, if you want to run right on to it, that's your business; but you don't have to, see. He's standing between you and death.

**24** Twenty-three years ago, in a Jewish Hospital, Dr. Morris Fletcher give me three hours (one of your best surgeons here in the city) ... give me three hours to live. I'm living, tonight. Hallelujah! Why? By unmerited grace, the Angel of God stood between me and death, to protect me; and I accepted it. And in gratitude, by God's grace, I won a half a million souls to Him, tonight. Oh, how God knows how to do things, if we'll just follow. Don't try to lead God; let God lead you, see. We are the ones to be led. I think that's why God likened us unto sheep. Did you ever see a sheep lost? Why, he's the most helpless critter in the world. He can't find his way nowhere. He just stands and bleats till the wolf eats him, or he dies there. He can't find his way back. And that's the way that when a man is lost, he's totally helpless. There's nothing you can do about it. God, through grace, has to lead you to Christ. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except the Father draws him. And all that he draws and comes, I will give him everlasting life." What a promise!

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**25** Oh, I wish I could get every person in here, that would sink way down under the fifth rib on the left side, till it hit the core of the heart. You'd see people just get up, with all kinds of diseases hanging onto them, walk out of this building rejoicing, refusing to have it. Cripples would walk just as normal as they could be. They would refuse to know anything else, see. You're scared. You're afraid to make the start. You're waiting for God to come down and pull you out. God doesn't do it that way. You're the one has to make the step. He gives the promise, and says, "Come on," then you follow.

**26** Now notice the children of Israel, then. God came and stood between them and the danger; power of redemption ... redemption by power, rather. Redemption by blood; redemption by power. Last night we left them, just crawling up on the banks on the other side of the Red Sea. All the enemies, their chariot wheels had been taken off. Their horses got spooked right out in the middle of the river; and they were turning every way, going this way, and the wheels mired down in the mud and fell off. And a bunch of men frantically running (the enemy). And Israel climbed out upon the bank to see God stretch forth His hand and destroy all the enemy. A beautiful type: the believer, under the blood; been healed then by the go-between, the power of God sparing his life, prolonging it for a time. They'd have, every one, been killed right there; he would have massacred them right there in the wilderness if God hadn't stood between them. I'd have been dead a long time ago, if God hadn't stood between me and death. Every believer in here would have been dead, a long time ago, if God hadn't stood between you and death---every one of you. So, God, in His sovereign grace and mercy stands between the believer and death. Hallelujah!

**27** Here it is. Then, what's the next thing for the believer? The next thing is the baptism of the Holy Spirit then. Moses led the children of Israel right down to the Red Sea, was baptized in the Red Sea. The sea---water---representing Spirit. When he smote the Rock, water came out and it was a type of Christ, in John 3:16: "God so loved the world, He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but would have everlasting life." Notice, a perishing people, in the wilderness, was saved by a smitten Rock. And a perishing people is saved today (perishing in sin, perishing in iniquity) because the smitten Son of God taken their place; water---the Spirit---rolling out! Watch, I want you to see it now: As they went through the Red Sea, was a type of receiving the Holy Spirit. After the believer has been redeemed from death unto life, the power of God has healed his body; now he's a candidate for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Now he's got a journey yonder ahead of him; but before he can meet that journey he's got to have something to pack him through. Amen. Perfect type of Pentecost!

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**28** Notice, as they crawled out of the bank... Every believer, when you come in and are saved, accept the blood of Jesus, you still try to hang onto this and hang onto that, and you can't give this up, you can't give that up. After a while, God may do good things for you, but you can't give up your cigarettes, you have to take a sociable drink with the fellows now and then. But what you need to do is pass through the Red Sea. When they come out on the other side... Here it is. I want you to see it. As they come out on the other side, crawled up on the bank and looked back, and seen all those old taskmasters who had beaten them, killed some of them. Just like cancer and cigarettes and tobaccos and whiskey and everything else, drives the kids insane, sends them to the asylum, into hospitals, and a bunch of neurotics and everything else produced in the world. When they looked back and saw all those things struggling, helpless, and dying in the sea. Brother, you talk about a meeting; they had one!

**29** Moses! Oh, I'm going to let this sink deep. I hope it goes way down. Moses: greatest prophet ever lived, outside of Jesus Christ. Never was a man that God ever spoke to like He did Moses, outside of Christ. He said, "If there be one who is spiritual, or prophet, among you, I will show him visions and make myself known to him. But not my servant Moses; I speak lip to ear with him." That's right. Moses, this dignified man, as soon as he come through that experience, he seen all those taskmasters dead, he knowed all them things was gone forever then. All those things that had drove them and beat them and whipped them around was finished. He raised his hands and sang in the Spirit. Oh, my! Never been typed, and won't be until we get to glory up yonder. When the completion was made there, he sang in the Spirit. And when we're redeemed in the body... That was a type of the Holy Spirit coming at Pentecost, when we passed through the sea. It was a type of Pentecost. And Moses, in the ante ... in the type back there, when he passed through that, he sang in the Spirit. It come on the day of Pentecost. And when the body is perfect, redeemed... Now our soul is perfect, redeemed (right): "... cannot perish; got everlasting life." What the Bible says!

```
Numbers 12:6 And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

Numbers 12:7 My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house.

Numbers 12:8 With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?

John 3:14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:

John 3:15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.

John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**30** Oh, I feel good. Notice, why? Because I know it's "Thus saith the Lord." Just anchor my soul there and walk on and say, "Satan, just hiss all you want to, to me. Don't bother me, 'cause I know whom I have believed and I'm persuaded He's able to keep that which I've committed to Him against the day." Amen. What we need tonight's a good, old-fashioned, Billy Sunday, broke-down, hallelujah revival, is what we need around Louisville here. That's right. Need a good, old-fashioned, God-sent Pentecostal revival. Yes sir.

```
2 Timothy 1:12 For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.

```
**31** Notice, then, when our bodies are redeemed... Which, we got divine healing now, as a shadow. As that was a shadow there of Pentecost, look what they done in the shadow time, of salvation. Look how they walked there before God, "Preached the age, and so, of fire, and escaped the edge of the sword," all these things they did, "come out of the fiery furnaces; away from the lions' den and everything," by the shadow (Hallelujah!), by the shadow of Pentecost. Now we have perfect redemption through the blood of Christ. They couldn't have perfect redemption then 'cause it was under the blood of bulls and goats, and it will not take away sin; it only covered sin. But when Jesus' blood was shed---the most holy, righteous blood---sins wasn't covered no more; they were divorced and done away with, and the believer goes in the presence of his Maker. Hallelujah!

```
Hebrews 11:34 Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.

```
**32** If they did that then, the shadow there, of Moses singing in the Spirit; then over in Revelation, those who's got perfect redemption of the body, stood on the sea of glass and sung the song of Moses again, over in the book of Revelation. Talk about a Holy Ghost meeting! They had it when they got up on that bank. Listen, sister. The little dignified Miriam, the prophetess, the sister of Moses, a prophetess, she got so excited till she grabbed up a tambourine and run down the bank, beating this tambourine, and dancing in the Spirit. Not only that, but all the daughters of Israel followed her, dancing in the Spirit. If that ain't the Holy Ghost falling, I never seen one. Why, of course, them ... all them ritualistic, dignified nations could have looked through the binoculars and seen that, they'd said, "Fanaticism." Right. But it was God. Right! The dignified things look down today upon what God has blessed. Right!

**33** Reminds me of a story. A fellow had a great big, fine farm. He built great big, fine barns, just as dignified and classic as it could be, but he was too lazy to farm. All right. There was another farmer lived close to him; he didn't have very much of a barn, but he really was a farmer, and he'd put plenty of good food in that barn that year. And two little calves was born, one in one barn and one in the other. When springtime come, they turned the little calves out of the stall. That little calf from over here, had been fed real good. My! When that wind begin to hit him (Oh, my!) he kicked up his heels and away he went, just as hard as he could go; a snorting and a jumping and a bucking, and a going on. And then the other farmer turned his out, over there. He'd had nothing to eat but weeds; too lazy to farm, too lazy to feed him. Puts in mind of some of these pastors. Right! Right! Too lazy! It's too trifle. Just dignified barns is all you got. Put some food in there for the calves! Right. Right. The baptism of the Holy Ghost, preached with power, it'll scorch them. That's right. But that's what they need is some good old-fashioned scorching; what the church needs, what the members need. Notice.

**34** And this little old calf had been ... poor, little fellow come out of the stall so thin, he couldn't hardly walk. And he peeped down through the crack, and looked across, he seen that other calf just a snorting. He was all fat and round. He felt good. He had been eating all winter. And that little, starved calf looked over, said, "Such fanaticism!" My! Sure, he was too skinny to think anything else. But, I tell you, when that one that one had all fattened up, all winter, brother, he knowed where he was at. He was having a good time when that warm wind begin to blow on him. And any man that's born of the Spirit of God, they'll call him a fanatic or anything else. But when that warm, spring, Holy Ghost wind begin to come like it did on the day of Pentecost, something's going to take place. Right. The warm winds begin to blow; brother, you're all fattened up with the Gospel, all 'round and feeling good. Kick up your heels and have a good time.

**35** That's the way Miriam and them did. Looked back down and saw all them old things that they once done, was all dead and gone. They had done seen God accepted the blood; done seen His power in divine healing, standing between them; come through the Red Sea, and was baptized with the Spirit; walked on the other side, just having a good time. They didn't care what all the organizations thought about it. Amen! What a perfect type it is today of the believer who will dare to step out. God promised that He would supply their every need. He promised He'd supply our every need. He never told them, "I'll make a way of healing; I'll make a way of this; I'll make a way of that." He said, "I'll be with you!" Hallelujah! That's what He said to us: "I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." That's all I have to say. You don't have to argue this, that, or the other. If He's here, that satisfies me; divine healing's here, power is here. Everything He was there, He is now: "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." So, you can take your theology and drown with it. Brother, I believe Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever; said, "I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." Yes.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**36** And there they came out, and He was with them. Now he said... Oh, they had a little basket of bread on their head; it was all eat up and gone. Didn't have any. They went to bed a little hungry that night. But the next morning when they got up, there was bread laying all over the ground. That's the way God does things: lets you come right down to the last minute, then show you what He can do about it. That's right. He loves to do that. He loves to ... He loves to surprise His people. You men like to do your wife like that. Wait till her birthday, just keep her under suspicions, 'cause you love her. That's the reason God lets us come to the end of the road sometime, because He loves us and wants to prove His supernatural of His power. Because He loves us, that's the reason He does it. Yes. He just lets us get right down to the place where we're just about ready to make the last step, then He steps in the scene. He let the Hebrew children walk right in the fiery furnace, but there was a fourth Man standing there with a fan, keeping it off of them. He's always there. He never leaves. He's always near. "The Angel of the Lord encamp about those who fear Him."

```
Psalm 34:7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.

```
**37** There, that night... They picked up that bread the next morning. I can see those Israelites that had just passed through the Red Sea; had just been redeemed by the blood; seen the healing power of God ... or, the miraculous power standing between God ... between Israel and Egypt; and had drown the enemies behind that. Like the old cancer is gone forever, the blindness was gone, the deafness was gone, the diabetes was gone, everything's done drowned back yonder in the blood of Jesus Christ. How do you feel? My! Walk down the street, and some old critic say, "Now, wait a minute! Are you sure of that?" "Don't talk to me." Amen. Oh, my! I can see them out there, just gathering up and gathering up, and eating, and having a glorious time. Just like an old-fashioned, Holy Ghost meeting. Here come the Spirit of God moving over, some little saint will reach up; get it in the heart like that, and holler, "Praise the Lord!" Just an old-fashioned meeting like that. Yes, sir. They were just catching it from one side to the other, having a good time.

**38** Now that bread never did cease, but went all the way through the journey for them. That's right. And was a perfect type of Pentecost in us. That was in the natural. That bread never did cease. It stayed the same bread, until they entered the promised land. Is that right? You Bible readers know it. And then when we... The church was inaugurated at the day of Pentecost, when the believers was up there. "And there came out a sound like a rushing mighty wind, filled the house where they were sitting." The same Holy Spirit that fell then, falls now. It will go plumb on from that time to the end of time. It'll go right on through. It's our bread. They were fed with natural bread; we are fed with spiritual bread.

```
Acts 2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

Acts 2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

```
**39** Jesus said, "I am the bread of life that come from God out of Heaven." They said, "Our fathers eat manna in the wilderness for a space of forty years." He said, "They're every one dead." Yes, sir. "But he that eats my flesh and drinks my blood, has everlasting life, and I will raise him up in the last days. I am the bread of life that come from God out of Heaven. If a man eats this bread he shall never die." There you are. They had the natural; we got the spiritual. Oh, I wouldn't exchange it for nothing. Wonderful!

```
John 6:31 Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat.

John 6:48 I am that bread of life.

John 6:49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.

John 6:51 I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.

John 6:54 Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**40** "Oh," you say, "Brother Branham, we all know you're fanatic." Well, I do, too. I'm a fool for Christ. Whose fool are you? You may be the devil's fool. All right. So, I'd rather be a fool for Christ. Wouldn't you? All right.

**41** Notice, here's another thing about that manna: When they begin to taste it, they said, "It tastes like honey." Yes, it was sweet. I can just see them old saints a smacking their lips and eating away. It was good. Did you ever taste of it? This is good too. Said, "Taste and see, the Lord is good. It tastes like honey in the rock." I've often made this remark, many times: That, when David of old, who spoke that in his Psalm, said, "It tastes like honey in the rock." David, being a shepherd, who had a little scrip bag, they carried on their side and they always pack honey in it. The old shepherds do yet, in Palestine. And when their sick sheep gets going on, then, the first thing you know, he reached down to get a piece of this honey and he takes it and rubs it on the rock, a limestone rock. And the sheep likes that honey, so he goes to licking that honey off the rock. And there's something about limestone that heals the sick sheep. And I tell you, we got a whole scrip bag full of honey here tonight, and we're going to put it on the Rock, Christ Jesus. And the sick sheep go to licking, you're sure to get well. That's right, just lick, lick, lick. And while licking the honey, why, you're sure to get some of the limestone. That's just as sure as anything. Now, we're not going to put it on the church. We're going to put it on Christ, where it belongs. That's right. 'Cause, healing belongs in Christ (Amen), like all of the redemption blessings. Notice.

```
Exodus 16:31 And the house of Israel called the name thereof Manna: and it was like coriander seed, white; and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey.

Psalm 34:8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.

Psalm 81:16 He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat: and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee.

```
**42** And another thing: When that begin to fall, Aaron was commanded to go out and get several omerfuls of it. Now, if they tried to keep some over for the second day, it spoiled. And that's a whole lot among the Holy Ghost people tonight. You're trying to think, "Well, twenty years ago, we had a good message. We had a good time." What you got tonight? That's the thing. It fell every night. It never failed one time, only on the Sabbath. That's right. And God has sent it down, new, every night; every day, every hour, it come.

```
Exodus 16:33 And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.

```
**43** Notice, them omerfuls was kept up. He said, "Now look. When you come into the land and your children begin to inquire about this..." Said, "Every priest now that comes into the priesthood, after he had had the permission to come to the Holy place, and so forth, and ordained, a priest, then he had a right to go in and take a mouthful of the original manna that fell at the beginning." The very first that fell, they picked it up and put it in an omer and kept it, and it was just reserved for the priesthood. Now, you say, "Brother Branham, what type does that have today?" Why, we are the priesthood. "Ye are a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, making spiritual sacrifices unto God, the fruits of your lips giving thanks to His name." Amen. There it is. Now, then, on the day of Pentecost, when the Holy Spirit was falling; our manna.

```
Exodus 16:33 And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.

1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:

```
**44** Now, every priest back there, under the Old Testament, when they come in to be a priest, they knew they was going to get a mouthful of the original manna; not some made up, some man-made that looked like it, but they was going to get some of the original. Well, on the day of Pentecost, when our manna began to fall, the Holy Ghost came like a rushing mighty wind. Here was a bunch of little, dignified people---a hundred and twenty---in an upper room; doors shut, windows down, sitting back there, waiting for the promise. Yeah, they had been with Jesus, sure. They knowed His power, and all that, but they were waiting for the promise. That's what we want tonight. If this group of people could get in one accord, like they was on that night, the same thing would repeat tonight, right here in this building, in Louisville, Kentucky, that repeated on the day of Pentecost. That's right. Oh, of course, they'd had the same kind of critics here in Louisville they had there.

**45** But, they were all in one place, one accord; and suddenly... There came a minister up, and he had a letter, and they signed their names and had the right hand of fellowship, and entered into the church fellowship? That might be today, but that wasn't then. That's the way the Protestant does it. The Catholic walks up to the altar and takes his first communion; licks out his tongue, takes the wafer; and the priest drinks the wine. Then he becomes that. But, brother, "On the day of Pentecost, they were in one accord, in one place, and suddenly there came a sound from Heaven, (Man had nothing to do with it.) " like a rushing mighty wind. It filled all the house where they were sitting." The power of God struck upon them! Out into the street they went acting like a bunch of maniacs; like they did down there when they come through the Red Sea. That right? They screamed. They carried on. They staggered. They stammered with their lips. They, oh, such a carry on, till the people, the dignified church, stood back and said, "These people are drunk on new wine." Hallelujah! Going to call me a "holy-roller," anyhow, so you might as well get started now. All right.

```
Acts 2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

Acts 2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

Acts 2:13 Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.

```
**46** Look, they were full of new wine (That's right.), the wine that come from God out of Heaven. Did you ever see a drunk man? He's just in love with everybody, see. He don't care. That's the way a man is when he gets drunk on the Spirit. The Bible said, "Be not drunk on strong drink, with excess, but to be drunk on the Spirit." The Spirit of God makes you so drunk, you forget all your enemies, and everything. Everybody's in love with you. You don't care about who's standing around you. You're the biggest man in the country right then. I don't care if your neighbor sitting next to you went to some dignified church; just let the Holy Ghost get on you one time, see what takes place. Get right, real good, souse drunk, you'll see what takes place. You'll say, "Sister, I got it! You want it, too!" That's right. Yes, sir, something will take place.

```
Ephesians 5:18 And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;

```
**47** There they was, all drunk on new wine. And listen, some of you sisters here, did you know the blessed virgin Mary was in that? Now, she had to go up there. The mother of Jesus Christ had to go up there and be included in that bunch of people, so drunk on the Spirit till she staggered like she was drunk on whiskey or something. And you think you'll get to Heaven by slipping over to the church and putting your song book under your arm, and walking over every Sunday morning, when the bell tolls, and sit and listen to some of ... and walk back? You'll never do it. You'll have to come that route, 'cause that's the only route God ever laid down, and ever has. And you'll walk it, or won't be there. I'm not your judge, but I'm preaching the Gospel. That's exactly the truth. The blessed virgin was right there, acted just as idiotic as the rest of them did, just as drunk as the rest of them. These men and women, every one of them, was full of new wine. If God ever changed that program, put your finger on the Scripture for me; it isn't there. No, sir. It was plumb on to the end of the age, that way, plumb on to the end of the Bible and it will be the same thing when Jesus comes. Look! While they were drunk on that new wine... Look! We see if God put an omerful up for you all. All right.

**48** Here was all of them standing out there, and a little old cowardly preacher by the name of Peter, the "little rock," had been so scared of his position till he denied Jesus and run out and prayed through, and he had to be gathered with them. Stood up on a soap box or something, said, "Why, you men of Judea, and you that dwell in Jerusalem!" That was Doctor DD. Oh, said, "You men that ... men of Israel, and dwellers in Jerusalem, and so forth, let this be known unto you: These are not drunk, as you suppose, seeing it's the third hour of the day. But this is that..." If this ain't that, I want to keep this till that comes. That's one thing. He said, "This is that which was spoken of by the prophet Joel, 'It shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh; your sons and your daughters shall prophesy; and upon my handmaids and maidservants will I pour out of my Spirit, and they shall prophesy; and I will show signs in the heavens above, and in the earth; and pillars of fire, and smoke, and vapor; and it shall come to pass, before the great and terrible day of the Lord shall come, whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.'"

```
Acts 2:14 But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:

Acts 2:15 For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.

Acts 2:16 But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;

Acts 2:17 And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

Acts 2:18 And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:

Acts 2:19 And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:

Acts 2:20 The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before that great and notable day of the Lord come:

Acts 2:21 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.

```
**49** That bunch of self-styled, long-robed, hypocritical priests said, "What can we do to be saved?" Peter said, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." How long is it? "For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Then, every man that repents and is baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and God gives him the baptism of the Holy Ghost, doesn't get something looks like the first manna, but he don't only get a mouthful of the first manna, but he gets a heart full of the same Holy Spirit.

```
Acts 2:37 Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**50** You could cut that down a little, I know I'm a little loud on that, but I just can't help it. Notice, look. I'm not yelling at you. I may be rebounding from it. But oh, if you felt like I did, you'd be loud, too.

**51** Notice, oh, a heart full of the original manna that fell at the beginning; the same Holy Spirit fell then, is falling now. And where would it go to? "To you, to your children, them that's far off," Louisville, Kentucky, "and as many as the Lord our God shall call, will receive the very same thing that we've got here." That's what He said. God blessed it. He preached it. Holy Ghost brought it; I got it; that settles it. Amen. That's just good enough for me. I took Him at His Word; He did it. If you want it, you can have it, too. That's right.

```
Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

```
**52** So get out of the dead condition, and wake up, it'll just shake you like that and wake you up. And first thing you look around and everything'll look different to you. That fellow that you wouldn't speak to, you'll hurry to get to him and speak to him; yes, sir, just got to speak to him, that's all. Oh, all those things, take them old tire tools back, and all them things that you took out of the hotel that time. That old towel you wrapped around that silverware you took off the table; you'll hurry back, to get to take it back. You sure will. Yes, sir. It'll make you a new creature in Christ Jesus. Now look at Mary. Oh, my! We have to hurry. We're getting right along.

**53** Here they go through the wilderness now, after the old-fashioned meeting. Now they're on their journey. Isn't it strange that they was led right straight to the wilderness of sin, right up to the wilderness, right up into the fountain of bitter water? Could you imagine God taking His children, right after they got saved and filled with the Holy Ghost, to fountains of bitter water? Sure. He'd like to express His love to them again. That's right. They got up there. You know, when you get the Holy Ghost, you attend a lot of obstacles. "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but God delivereth him out of them all." God brings you right up, facing with it, so He can show you His power and His goodness.

```
Psalm 34:19 Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all.

```
**54** Like I heard the story of the shepherd in Jerusalem, who had broke his sheep's leg. They said, "Why, you cruel shepherd, why did you break the sheep's leg?" Said, "Well, she didn't act like she loved me. So I thought I'd just break her leg, so I'd have to give her some special attention, and then she'd love me from then on." Sometimes God has to lay you on your back, with a sickness, that the doctor says you're going to die. God could give you a little special treatment so you'll love Him a little more. That's right. Some through the waters, some through the flood, Some through deep trials, but all through the blood; Jesus leads His church.

**55** Now, when they were there, and the waters were bitter and they couldn't drink, God provided a way. A little old tree swinging there on the bank, Moses just cut it down and throwed it in the water, changed the whole thing; good, sweet water. Now when you come up against one of your bitter waters, or something another like that, there's a tree, tonight, spiritually speaking, hanging over Golgotha, or the world, tonight, that'll sweeten any bitter waters that you may be led by. That's right, that Calvary will sweeten any experience. Many times we get into hard places, and wonder how... Why, I shut my eyes sometime, and think, Yonder on Golgotha, where my Redeemer bled and died for my life, then my trial seems so little. I just throw aside and walk on. It makes it sweet. It sweetens every experience I ever had. He always sweetens it, when I come to my waters of Marah.

**56** Now, we're about to catch them now over here in the wilderness, after all those great signs and wonders. The revival had quietened down. And the first thing you know, when the revival quietened down, why, they forgot all about the miracles. Isn't that just about like people today? They forget what God did last year. What God did at the meeting out here at the high school, you forget all about it, see. What God did, we just forget it.

**57** Now, notice, and because they begin to argue with one another: "Well, I'm really, after all, I'm a Methodist. Our church is the biggest." "I'm a Baptist, and I'll tell you right now, we believe in eternal security, and we got it. You all ain't got the doctrine, after all." That's when you get in trouble, and your water supply gets cut off. That's right. That's right. That's when, the desert ... he lives out in the desert, begin to murmur, murmur and complaining: "Well, I will tell you ... I tell you, when that old pastor was here, that old preacher that preached that old-time religion like that, I don't know whether he was right or not. I tell you, he made my mother so mad, one night, she went home. And I tell you, she was stirred up, like." She ought to have been. That's right. "Oh, I don't know whether I want to hear any more of that, or not." There's when your water supply is cut off. That's right. That's when you get in the desert.

**58** They begin to murmur. They said, "Our souls loatheth this light bread." After they had left the garlics and onions of Egypt, and was eating angels' food, and still complaining. Isn't that like the church? Now I'm coming down to holiness people now, [unclear word] ; yeah, all of you. Eating Angels' food, and then said, "I wish we was back in Egypt, to get some more garlic." "Clayton McMitchel and his Wildcats is going to be at the bar tonight. If I hadn't joined that old church, I could go down." You might as well go on. Where your treasures is, there your heart is also. You never got nothing when you started. That's right. That's right. "Oh, I'd like to do this, or do that." There you are, always they complain.

```
Numbers 11:5 We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlic:

Numbers 21:5 And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread.

```
**59** They left the muddy waters of Egypt, to drink the pure waters from the Rock of Ages, and was complaining about it. They left the place where the great, boasting physicians of Egypt, great boasters and all, to be with the Great Physician. They left the place where they said that the days of miracles was past, to be with the people who had signs and wonders following them, and still complaining. Oh, my! Yes, sir. Down there, of course, the Egyptians, they were cold Gentiles, indifferent. They didn't believe in no such a thing as miracles. Then, they was out here where they had a pillar of fire around them. We got it tonight. They was out there where they had joy in the camp, shouting, miracles being performed, and everything, and then complaining about it. That's the reason the water dried up, that's the reason they didn't have nothing to eat or drink, because they were murmuring. And that's what's the matter with the churches around Louisville, tonight: murmuring, complaining. Mercy! Get back in the harness. Yes, sir. Say, "Who is this guy, Moses? Why did we listen, listen to this holy-roller preacher, anyhow? What are we doing out here?" And their water supply dried up.

**60** I think of Moses, that great man. He was taught in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. Let's look at him just for a few minutes. Let's take Moses, just for a minute. Look at that fellow. He was... The Egyptians, they was far beyond us today, when it comes to our medical science. They were far beyond us. Many things they could do that we couldn't. And Moses had all the remedies. And when he was out there, I think, Moses had about two million people with him. He had little children. He had old men, old women. He had cripples, and blind. Babies were born, thousands of them, in a week's time. And Moses, Dr. Moses, was out there in the wilderness with all these people. I'd like to look into his medicine chest, wouldn't you? I'd like to see what Dr. Moses had in the medicine chest. Let us just take a little peep over in the medicine chest and see what he had.

**61** "Moses, why, what'd you have in there, Moses?" Why, we find out that when all that forty-years journey, over two more million babies was born. That's right. "What did you use, Moses? What did you use for all those hurts and aches and cancers, and blindness, and deafness, and dumbness? Why, they tell me, that when you come out of the wilderness, there wasn't a feeble one among them." Say, wouldn't some of these doctors like to look into that medicine cabinet? "And another thing, Moses, what did you sprinkle on those people, till even their clothes didn't wear out? Their shoes never wore out, walking on those rocks." If you ever been there, you know what the desert looks like; they wear out a pair of shoes in three days. And they never even wore one speck of the leather off of them, in forty years. "Moses, what was in your medicine chest?"

**62** Let's look into it. I see him: "Got one prescription, 'I am the Lord that healeth thee.'" That settles it. Amen. Said, "Oh, Moses, my father has been over here, he's just fell and broke his leg. What have you got for him?" "Let me look and see. 'If thou will obey My voice, do all that I command, I will put none of these diseases upon you, as the Egyptians, for I am the Lord that healeth thee.' Tell him that." He got well. Amen. That's right. "Oh, he's seriously sick! My baby's got the colic, or the pneumonia, so bad! Dr. Moses, what can I do?" "Let me see what I got. 'I'm the Lord that healeth thee.'" That settles it. Amen. Away they went. That's right. Going on, rejoicing. That's all he needed: "I'm the Lord that healeth thee."

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

```
**63** Out of six hundred and something, definite promises of divine healing, in the New Testament alone, and yet we question God, tonight. What will the judgment mean for us? Right.

**64** "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." Yes, sir. That's what Moses had, Dr. Moses had in his cedar ... in his medicine chest, was this: "I'm the Lord that healeth thee." So he healed all the diseases, and kept them perfectly, and brought them right on through the wilderness, into the promised land. Oh, my! They left all those big, boasting physicians, to be with this Great Physician. They had left that bunch of people that was cold, formal, and indifferent, saying, "There was no such a thing as miracles." And right here, a pillar of fire was hanging over them. People were being healed. Everything was... Anything they had need of, was just furnished right to them; and yet they were complaining. When they got out of the water... But then in the sovereign grace of God, in all of that...

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

```
**65** Like you are here in Louisville tonight, in the midst of all this, crying out, "The days of miracles is past. The Medical Association is trying to stop divine healing, across the country." You'll never stop it. You might as well stop now. You can no more stop it than you can stop the sun. That's right. Here a few years ago, when I first started in Jeffersonville, was preaching divine healing---it hadn't been known, practically, for years---it was a hard thing. But, brother, tonight there's millions of them, everywhere, crying out. Try to stop it? You couldn't. "I the Lord hath planted it, I will water it, day and night, unless some should pluck it from my hand."

```
Isaiah 27:3 I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day.

```
**66** Here not long ago, I was looking at some little sparrows on the Statue of Liberty. They was just laying there. The little fellows was laying all around, under the light. And I said, "What did that?" to the guide. He said, "They beat their brains out, last night, in that storm. They got into the light, and the light would have took them to safety, but they were trying to put the light out. And they beat their brains out, trying to put the light out." I said, "Glory to God!" I guess he thought I was crazy. I said, "That puts me in the mind of some of these people trying to beat out divine healing and the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ." You'll beat your brains out; you'll never. Just accept it, and fly to safety, in it. That's right. Amen.

**67** "Speak to the rock, Moses," God told Moses, "and it'll bring forth its water, bring forth His water." Here not long ago, I was looking at a picture in a certain museum, of this rock being smitten. And it looked like a little bitty stream pouring out, about the size of a knitting needle. I thought, How ridiculous these artists can get! Why, brother, I could drink that thing dry if I got thirsty. Yes, sir. Do you know what Moses had to drink from that Rock? He had over two million people, besides all the animals. It taken about forty thousand gallons a minute, to drink, them. Hallelujah!

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**68** That puts me in mind of somebody in their religion. You just got enough religion to go to Sunday school on Sunday morning, just spat a little bit and moisten you up a little. I like to sit at the fountain where the gushers come out (Hallelujah!), enough to take me through eternity. Hallelujah! I'm glad I moved out of that old moist place; over to the spout where she's just a pouring all the time. Yes, sir. People has just got enough religion to make them miserable. "Well, I can't sit over about ten minutes. My, goodness, how long-winded is that preacher?" How deep is your salvation? That's right. Go up of a Sunday morning, and say, "Well, I'll go up and hear what they got to say." And get one little spat and go back, and that's about all you got.

**69** Brother, I tell you, when Moses smote that rock, it watered the whole wilderness. Amen. Yes, sir. The only thing, everything they had need for, they just fell right down and drank, drank, drank till they were just filled up. Still, more water was a coming, about forty thousand gallons a minute. Figure it up, how many people, a million people, two million people could drink in a minute's time; thirsty people, besides the camels and the animals, and things they had. And the Bible said, "It come forth in abundance." She just roared out, through the wilderness.

```
Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

```
**70** That's the way Jesus Christ give the Holy Ghost. Not just a little bit, to say, "Well, I believe I'll go and join the church." Oh, my! "Oh, I can't stand that noise; it gives me the shivers." If you ever die, you'd freeze to death if you got to Heaven, 'cause, brother, you're going to hear some noise when you get there. The Bible said they're shouting "hallelujah," day and night; all day, 'cause there's no night. That's right. You'll certainly die when you get to Heaven, the second day after. Yes, sir. Well, you just ... what you did, you just went and got moist, a little. Won't you sit down by the gush, and let her pour down till it washes you out into the ... (Hallelujah!) into the midst until you lose yourself and don't know where you're at. [Gap in the audio.] That's the way you want to get.

**71** I used to tell my uncle and my daddy, "Oh, I can swim in this little pond up here on Utica Pike." One day, dad went back and sat on a culvert, said, "I want to see you swim." The little pond was about that deep. I was standing on a soap box. I stripped off my belongings, and got my nose like this, and sprang up-and-down on the soap box. I hit, the mud flew both ways, and I begin to splash the mud. I said, "How am I doing, Dad?" Said, "Get out of there." Swimming? Mud crawling, all the time. We got a lot of mud-crawling church members, too. That's right. That's right, mud-crawlers. Yes, sir. One day, my uncle got me out in the boat and I was popping off about swimming; over here in the Ohio River, about twenty foot of water. He just took the oar and knocked me off in the water, said, "Now what about it?" Amen. Hallelujah! I had to swim or drown, then. Oh, my!

**72** Might as well get used to it now. Get you out in the gusher, where God opens up the rock there in the wilderness and just poured it out. "Speak to the Rock," He said, "and it'll bring forth its water." Maybe, my friend, tonight, maybe you are perishing. You should speak to the Rock. That's right. Maybe you've went everywhere. Maybe you've went to church, and joined the Methodist and joined the Baptist; and they got mad at you, and went to Presbyterian; and back to the Pentecostals, over to the Nazarene, down at Pilgrim Holiness and you're still without understanding. Why don't you speak to the Rock, tonight? Are you on speaking terms with Him? Yeah. He said, "Speak to the Rock, and He'll bring forth His water." It'll bring forth His water, if you just... Don't have to hit Him anymore. Just speak to Him. Just on friendly terms, speak to Him. Maybe you've been to the doctor. Maybe you've done everything that you know how to do, to try to get well. Maybe you've just done everything that's in your power, nearly, and you can't get well. Every doctor, you've went through every office you knowed how, and the doctor said, "There's nothing can be done for you." Why don't you speak to the Rock, tonight? He's got waters of life there for you, giving you life more abundantly.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

```
**73** One time there was a woman, in the Bible, by the name of Hagar. I'm thinking of her. Now I'm fixing to close; the time. There was a woman by the name of Hagar, and she had a little baby. She was turned out in the wilderness, with one little cruse of water. She fed the little thing, all day long. But the water give out, along about middle of the day, and the little baby was screaming and crying. His little lips was parched and his tongue was swelling. A God-fearing mother, what could she done? She had seined every little place she could to find some water, but no water could be found. She couldn't stand to see the baby die; so she laid it under a bush, and went off about a bow-shot. And she knelt down and spake to the Rock. When she spake to the Rock, an Angel spake back and said, "Hagar, what's that gushing out over there?" There was a whole well full of water, that's still running today. After almost four thousand years, it's still running today. The fountain which Hagar ... there that, it's still running today. She spoke to the Rock, and the Rock brought the water.

```
Genesis 21:14 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.

Genesis 21:15 And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.

Genesis 21:16 And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bowshot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.

Genesis 21:17 And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.

Genesis 21:18 Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation.

Genesis 21:19 And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.

```
**74** There was some Hebrew children went in the fiery furnace, one day, and they spake to the Rock. And the Rock was with them. There was a woman come out from Samaria, one time. She was discouraged. She was sinful, and had a lot of things hanging on her life, perhaps, and she was discouraged. She went to Jacob's well for relief, and she'd go back. She'd go to Jacob's well, and go back. And one day she set the water pot down, and was standing there, discouraged. And there stood the Rock, standing by her. She spake to that Rock. He gave her a great gusher in her soul. She run into the city. She never come to draw, anymore. She had life. She said, "Come, see a man that told me everything I ever done. Isn't this the Christ?" She spake to the Rock, and the Rock brought forth its water. There was a little woman who had wasted all of her money on doctors, quacks, who had taken all of her money. Couldn't stop the blood issue. She had probably mortgaged her farm, and maybe sold it. And she was sitting, knitting one day, and she heard something coming down the road. She spake to the Rock. The Rock turned around and said, "Who touched Me?" It was over when she spoke to the Rock. He gave her a gusher of life that stopped the blood issue. It staunched, quickly.

```
Daniel 3:24 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king.

Daniel 3:25 He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**75** There was an old, blind beggar standing by the side of the wall, one day, shivering in the cold. Everything he had was gone, and here he was, miserable, and people passing by. He heard Something coming; said, "What is it?" And he spoke to the Rock. Although, his church members around him tried to stop him, say, "There's no need. You can't get it. Stay away. Hold your peace." But he cried the louder, "Thou son of David, have mercy on me! Have mercy on me!" And he spake to the Rock, and the Rock give him a gusher, and his eyes come open. That same Rock that was in the wilderness is here today. It makes the people rejoice.

```
Mark 10:46 And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:35 And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:43 And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God.

```
**76** One day, all Jerusalem was setting out to see a divine healer, a holy-roller, entering into the town; with a few people standing there, screaming to the top of their voice, "Hosanna! Hosanna, to Him that cometh in the name of the Lord!" That self-styled church members was out there with their long robes on, with their DD's behind them; said, "Make them hold their peace. My, they make chills run up on my back, and so forth. Make them hold their peace." He said, "If they hold their peace, the rocks will immediately cry out." Why was it? The very Rock that was hewed out of the mountain, without hands, was coming, rolling into Jerusalem. The little rocks was drinking from it. "Speak to the rock, and it'll bring forth its water."

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

Matthew 21:9 And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.

Mark 11:9 And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:

Mark 11:10 Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

Luke 19:40 And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.

John 12:13 Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.

```
**77** If you need salvation, tonight, speak to the Rock; it'll bring forth its water. If you're a backslider, tonight; speak to the Rock; it'll bring forth its water. If you're here, tonight, and without Christ; you've tried every church there is in town, to find salvation; speak to the Rock; it'll bring forth its water. You believe it? If you're a backslider, gone away from God, you think there's not a chance for you; just speak to the Rock, and it'll bring forth its water. Do you believe that with all your heart? Do you believe that God would grant it? With all your heart, you believe it? Hallelujah! He's here tonight. If you're sick, and you've tried everything in the world. You've tried to get in the prayer line, and you can't get in the prayer line. You've had prayer cards, and turned down. You've went to one meeting; you went to another meeting. You've been anointed by the pastor. You've come through this prayer line. You've been everywhere else, and you can't get healed. Why don't you speak to the Rock now? He'll bring forth His water. That's right. Why don't you give Him a try once? Get on speaking terms with Him, right now, while He's in the building. His presence is right here now to heal every one of you. I believe it. I know it, with all my heart. I believe. There's some things that I do not know, but there's some things that I do know. And I know that Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, is right here.

**78** While I'm even trying to make an altar call right now, in my heart, the visions are breaking all over the building right now. That's right. The powers of God is right here. That's right. I see Him moving out here. It's begin to break me from one dimension to another, right now; 'cause there's sick people here, and their prayers is what's a doing it; to confirm the Word of God, saying He's right here to be spoke to tonight, the same Rock that stood and perceived their thoughts. He knowed where the woman was, that had the blood issue, and so forth. He's here now. If you'll speak to Him, He'll bring forth His water. Do you believe that with all your heart? What do you think, lady, right there in the center? You don't have no prayer card, do you? the lady with the white thing around her neck, sitting right there? You have diabetes, don't you? You don't have a prayer card, do you? You don't need any prayer card. Do you believe that ... can speak to the Rock? Do you want to speak to Him, for your diabetes, right now? Stand up on your feet then. That right? Just say, "I accept Jesus Christ now as my Healer," and God will take you home and will make you well. Speak to the Rock. God bless you. All right. Go, and be made well.

**79** What do you think about it, sitting next to her, lady? You have varicose veins in your legs, don't you? That's right. Stand up on your feet. Isn't that your husband sitting next to you there? Is that right? You have diabetes, too, don't you? Is that right? Put your hand over on your wife. All right. You both are from Illinois. Isn't that right? Now you return back to Illinois, speaking to the Rock, and it'll leave you and never come back again. Hallelujah! I know one thing, that the Rock is here, the Rock of Ages that was smitten in the wilderness. That's right. What do you think about it, little lady there with them flowers on your hat? Sitting there with arthritis, trying to get over it. You that turned and looked the other way, do you believe with all your heart that God is going to heal you? Stand up on your feet then, and stomp your feet up and down, and say, "The arthritis is gone," and it's so. Speak to the Rock, and He will bring forth His water. I tell you, Jesus Christ the same, yesterday, today, and forever. He's here to make manifest anything that...

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**80** What do you think about it, lady sitting there, said, "Praise the Lord," with that female trouble, with a little, green-looking jacket on, sitting there? Do you believe that God healed you then? Stand up, just a minute; sitting right there. Do you believe with all your heart? You've got a female trouble. It's an abscess. You got some kind of a drainage comes from it. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise your hand. What's making me say that? It's the Rock speaking to you. Speak back to Him, and be made well. Hallelujah! Oh, how He wants to bring His manifestations of His power! And I see the Angel of God, the very same pillar of fire that followed the children in the wilderness, moving through this building now.

**81** I'm trying to locate a woman. She's praying. Where is she, here? Here He stands. Yes, it's a little woman standing right there, the second one sitting in. No, she... It's about a man, standing. It's a drunkard husband that you're praying for. Isn't that right, lady? If it is, stand up on your feet right there. Haven't you got a drunkard husband you were praying for? If that's right, raise up your hand. Speak to the Rock, and God will bring him out of the thing.

**82** God will do anything in here, if you'll only do it. Do you believe it? Are you on speaking terms with Him? If you are, stand to your feet right now and speak to the Rock, and the Rock, will bring forth His water. Will you stand? Who wants Him for salvation? Raise your hand, say, "I want Him to come into my heart." God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you, and you, and you, and you. Oh, my! Yes, sir. That cancer left you there, my brother. It's gone. You can go home and be well now. Hallelujah! That's true. All that wants to be healed, raise your hand, say, "Lord I'm speaking to You. I'm speaking to You." That's right. There He goes. Mister, your sinus left you there. You are free. Go home; in Jesus Christ's name, you're healed.

**83** Anybody in here, that wants to find Him now, raise up your hands and say, "Thank You, Lord, for healing me. I'm speaking to You, in the name of Jesus Christ, that You heal me." O God, of mercy, send Your power tonight, with the anointing of the Holy Ghost, while He's in this building tonight, and sweep over this audience. And may the Holy Ghost perform every miracle. May there not be a sick or a crippled person left in the building tonight. May You heal every one, in Jesus Christ's name.
