---
Date: 1954-02-16
Title: Jairus And Divine Healing
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the East Alton - Wood River Community High School in Wood River, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 33 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Jairus And Divine Healing



**1** Good evening, friends. It's indeed a pleasure to be here tonight, and a privilege. And I thank you for your thoughts of the boy, my son. He's just a lad, and he's been going with me now, for a little while. The manager's in Canada, Mr. Baxter, and so I hardly know how I would ... it'd be hard for me to get along without him right now. So he's kind of my right-hand man, but being just a kid, and your all's respect for him, I certainly appreciate that. And I hope someday, that God makes a minister out of him. And if he would only give a complete yield to God... Of course, he's just a kid. He's in the adolescent age yet. But Billy, if he will yield to God, his ministry will exceed mine so bad till ... so far it won't even be in the picture. Billy is going to be a very spiritual boy, and the Spirit of the Lord is near him. For instance, we'll be riding down the road on a place we'd never seen before. He's talking to me the other day; he said, "Daddy," he said, "I see we're going to make a turn after awhile, and there's a red barn, there'll be a cow standing over here, and some chickens standing around beside..." It'll be there, just don't worry. It'll be just there. And see, it's so near him, the same thing. If he'd just yield to it. And then, we'll go a little farther, then I'll say, "Now, watch, Paul, if you'll see it's the same I'm telling you." I said, "Now, we're going to be a man so... You be ready to catch your brakes, 'cause there's a man going to come around a corner, in this next city, and the man's going to be dressed" in a certain way, like that. And there he'll be, see. Just like... And, he'll say, "Well, now, daddy, I see that too." He said, "But I don't know what to do." I said, "Just follow what the Lord says." See, see. "Gifts and callings are without repentance." That's right. And of course, be thousands of things happen, I never even mention it. He just tells me certain things, and I just go ahead. That's all right. I'm thankful and just don't tell it to the people. You don't have to, unless it's going to do somebody some good or help somebody. If it isn't going to help anyone, it doesn't do any good anyhow, does it? Just maybe for our own benefit. And there's many things that He lets happen, that He never tells me nothing about it; just let's me go right on in. And I don't know nothing about it till it's done happened. He just tells me what He wants to, see. And what He doesn't want to, He doesn't have to. And that's the way God does.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**2** It's just like, you might tonight, lay down and dream a dream. Well, you can't help it because you dreamed a dream. Well then, tomorrow night, I'll say, "Dream me a dream." Why, you couldn't do it if you had to, see. There's nothing you can do about it. But the One who gives dreams, is the One who can do it. And the One who gives visions, is the One who can do it. And now, a vision is different from a dream, only a dream is a ... it's a... Well, in one way it's a kind of a vision, but you're unconscious, and a dream is when your subconscious, and a vision, (I think, now; I wouldn't know; think), works in the same channel, only a dream... God does deal in dreams sometimes with people. He give King Nebuchadnezzar dreams, and he give Joseph dreams, and so forth. But it's not too accurate unless there be an interpreter of the dream. And then, a vision, you don't go to sleep at all; you just stand and look it. It's just happening right in front you, and you're thinking of a feeling... You're standing here now, talking to someone, and yet, actually, you're maybe twenty years before that, watching what's taken place, that's taken twenty years before that, something that they've done in life. And maybe, it'll be, after awhile, maybe, years beyond. I see what He says; you just watch what He says. Now, He'll tell you...

**3** Now, when someone says, "Well, you done a certain thing, and there's something wrong, and this..." That doesn't yet means the patient's healed. You'll hear Him speak out when He says it, "Thus saith the Lord." Then mark that down; see what happens. That's just exactly. 'Course, in there I don't have no control of what I'm talking about at all. There's no control. It's something else. You just break from one into another. It takes over. He does the talking, then I don't... Then when I'm listening at myself talk; when you're hearing me talk like that, I'm listening at my own self talking. And I can hear myself, yet I maybe I'm standing like in New York City, and on the platform, and I see someone that's maybe from Alton, Illinois, here. Well, I see them on the street, maybe I can recognize where it's at. And I say, "Well, you're from Illinois, Alton. I was there one time." And maybe, see the way the situation is. And yet, I'm talking, I'm really in Alton in spirit, but I know that my voice is coming in New York. You talk about a feeling. But it's gifts just like people and other things that you do. It's God's gift to the people; not to me, to you, see. It's not my... It's yours. It's for you.

**4** And I'm so glad to be in this meeting here. Your little pastor here, one of them I know, Brother Brewer, and certainly got a fine bunch of ministers sitting here. I'm so proud of these men that stands up here before the public as a target for every unbeliever, say, "I'm one believes in divine healing. I believe in the power of God." That's what they're sitting here. You people, around here without a church, go to their church, join up with such a group. I did. And I know it'd be good for you to do it. Men and women who believe... If you get healed, then join up with people who does believe in healing. That's right. And I think it's the cream of the crop. And they're fine men. Surely, if I know what was going on out there, I know whether them was real men of God or not, standing behind me, this close to me. So they are really a fine group of people.

**5** Usually on meetings sometimes, I have everyone to leave the platform, because it's spirit all around. Now, I ask that the first night, because I was conscious of them men being behind me. When I felt that fine blend of faith moving in, I just said, "Let them sit right there, just let them sit right there. It's all right. It helps me." And if you all know, that's been in my meetings, this is about the first time, you ever seen someone sit behind in a meeting. Isn't that right? That's right, because it isn't permitted. They just take them right off the stage. But what it is, on account of that, another thing is epileptic cases, and so forth, or demon possessed people, when they get to the platform, sometimes they just go into a tantrum, see. And if you got a unbelief back there, and that working on it, oh, my, then you got a tore-up meeting. So if you've got them up here by yourself, just with the Holy Spirit, you can govern it better. And Satan knows just what you're a little afraid of, and there's no need in me trying to get around it. I'm just a little afraid of those things, because they get away from me many times. So that's the reason he knows he can bluff that in, if he can. But if the congregation will sit reverent, when anything's going on, will sit reverent, and just be reverent, you know that God's got the situation under control, you'll watch what happens then, you see. Everything'll be all right.

**6** Here sometime ago, I was in a meeting at Jonesboro, Arkansas. There might be people here was in that meeting, for all I know. It's pretty close to here. Great numbers of people---the paper said twenty-eight thousand was there. And if the paper said it, they were all there. So they were scattered around everywhere. And we were in the meeting, and there was a man that come in there was very hostile. He belonged to a church that didn't believe in divine healing. There was a child on the platform. The mother had a rag wrapped around a clothespin, when it would have those spasms, why, she'd stick that rag in ... or, clothespin in its mouth, keep from chewing its tongue when it was having a spasm. And, of course, when it got close, it had a spasm, all the way, you see. So then, it started going on with this epileptic fit. Well, it just... I waited for it to stop, and it just didn't stop. So I asked everyone in the audience to bow their heads. And that way no matter what people think... Many people think, "Well, I've got faith." They might believe that with all their heart, and to an extent they have faith here---knowledge. But see, faith is something different from that. That's a knowledge of faith, but faith is a positive thing.

**7** For instance, like a man goes overseas. (I'll stop here just a minute.) We're going overseas, and we get in the ship. Now, the man that really runs the ship goes down into the bowels of the ship ---the engineer. But he takes orders from this man upstairs. Well, what if he gives orders, "Two knots to the left," and the man down here turns two knots to the right? He said, "Straight ahead," and the man that's down here in the ship runs backwards. But see, they've got to get in harmony, see. You've got to be ... the ship will never move. Well now, many people has hope and calls it faith. But now, when God says a certain thing, and you say a certain ... the same thing, and down here it says the same thing, something's going to happen, you see. When you get all together, then, the ship will move---the load will move. But you've got to be in perfectly in harmony with the will of God, the Word of God. Your subconscious... Your real ... your first conscious with the Spirit of God, all of it moving together, and everything just clears the way, and you move out. You've got to do that.

**8** And then, sometimes when the people, they'll sit and look, watch. Of course, in a audience of this size, maybe two thousand or more people, but if there was a... There's bound to be many... No matter how much we think that everybody's a hundred percent, yet there's got to be some that isn't. And they look this way, and some of them will wonder in their heart, just subconsciously wonder. Well, that's what I pick up here. Is what you're..., see. And you think, "Well, now, I wonder what's happening. How does that man do that? What happens?" Well, just as you do that, it just comes in like this, going [Brother Branham blows into the microphone] against you like that, see. And you can feel it. You say, "Brother Branham, that's psychology." Well, if it is, Jesus used it. That's right. When He went into the house where Jairus' daughter was, they was all weeping and carrying on. He put them every one out of the house. Is that right? A bunch of people was in a discussion one day, and He took a man and led him outside of the city to himself, to get away from it. Peter, when he went to raise Dorcas, he knelt down in the room and prayed. And he put all the widows out that were carrying on like, so he got her to himself. Is that right? See, see. No..., see. The eye is a gate to the soul. Five senses, and the eye almost governs the others. You look at it. The Catholic church knowed that a long time ago, when they put up statues and so forth in there: the psychology of seeing, the sight. And the person will look; they'll say, "I wonder." And you feel that. And I've asked them to put their heads down; you've heard of it many times. 'Cause when you do, then they're not looking on; it's not as bad.

```
Mark 5:38 And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:23 But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in jeopardy.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Acts 9:39 Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

Acts 9:40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

```
**9** When this case, this little baby with the spasm, I was trying to get the spasm to stop on the child. And I'll go into that in detail some other time, about the power of making it happen, right here, see. So then... But now, whether it'll stay off or not, that depends on the faith of the person. But then, before the audience, when this was going on, I couldn't get the spasm to leave the child; and I asked everyone to have their head down. And I kept feeling the most strangest feeling: Sitting way back, there was just a little group of people sitting there that wouldn't put their head down. Well, I kept asking, I said, "Would you all put your head down, please?" like that, and nobody... I went ahead and everyone with their head down. Directly, I said to the man back there; I said, "Sir, you'll have to put your head down, you and your people there." He just sat and looked up, kind of hostile like. And so, one of the ushers slipped back there, and told him. He said, "This is a public meeting. I have just as much right here as anybody else. I don't have to put my head down." So the usher slipped back and told me that. I said, "Well, sir, if this was your child, you'd put your head down, because you'd want it healed." I said, "The little thing... They haven't got no medicine for... The doctors can't help epileptic." And I said, "It's a spirit. They don't know when it's going to attack it. It's a demon." And I said, "You..." And he just kept on like that. I said, "Now, look, sir, see to it," see. I said, "God, don't let this poor, little, innocent baby have to suffer for the sin of that man." And I said again; I said, "My heavenly Father, will You please make this spirit leave the baby, and let him be." And I said, "Satan, you come out. And you're at liberty." And when he went from the man, twenty-eight people fell in the floor with epilepsy right there where it was at.

**10** Seats... Begin to run out in the floor, and turn around and everything else like that, and such a... People screaming, then you couldn't get them quietened for a few minutes. Then when it got quietened down again, as far as I know, the full outfit still has epilepsy, see. So you see, you're not dealing with ... playing church, see. One time, some man seen Paul casting out epileptic spirits, so they went and asked the man with epilepsy, said, "We would charge you by Jesus, who Paul preaches, come out." And the devil said through the man's lips, said, "Jesus I know, and Paul I know, but who are you?" And so the man taken the spirit and got on them, and stripped their clothes, naked, and run out through the streets. Is that right? See, it's called a devil then; he's called epilepsy now. It's still a devil, still a devil, that's right. So with all other diseases: devils, tormentors.

```
Acts 19:13 Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.

Acts 19:15 And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?

```
**11** They get the name of cancer. What is that? Medical name from the word, "crab," legs. Jesus would've called it a devil. If you'll notice what it is, the cancer comes from a germ. So did you come from a germ. You were, one time, one little germ. You come to one... What is a germ? It's a teeny, little cell. What's beyond that cell? It's life. Then you're in the supernatural realm. Then it begins to develop cells, everything after its kind; the dog, the dog; bird, bird; human, human; every seed after its kind. Keeps developing cells, till you grow to where you are now. And then, in your body becomes a cancer, a tumor, or cataract, or something. What's that? That's another germ developing cells. It has no form; it just runs any ways. Nothing behind it; it's just the devil. Runs out and spreads out, and covers the eye, or gets in... Then goes to sucking your blood. And remember, that cancer, in there developing cells, it's growing just like you did in the womb of your mother. Now, where'd he come from? It wasn't there in the beginning. That's another life in your life. That's another body in your body. And you can't tell me the kind heavenly Father did that. That life can't come from God. It's an evil life to take the life that God give you. So it isn't God's life. It's a devil.

**12** Now, I don't deal with the lump. I deal with the spirit that's in that piece of flesh. Now, when the spirit's called out, the spirit goes away from it. How many hunters, deer hunters, are in here? Let's see your hands. How many butchers are in here? Let's see your hands. Is there anybody that ever killed an animal, and knows this to be the truth? When you kill anything, you're a hunter... Or an undertaker, a human body... When you die, anything shrinks for about seventy-two hours. And then it'll start swelling; it'll get bigger than it ever was. Look at a little dog run over on the street. Let him lay there in the hot sun a few days and watch what's happened. He's bigger than he ever was; he swells up. Now, the patient, when the unclean spirit's gone out of the person, when it's cast out by divine healing, powers of God, when the unclean spirit's gone, the patient feels better and they rejoice. In about seventy-two hours, (I warn with this thing), they'll start feeling bad, getting sick. Well, sure they've got to. They'll say, "Well, you know, I felt so much better, but I guess I just lost my healing." That's the way to lose it. Right. "For the unclean spirit," said Jesus, "when he's gone out of a man, he walks in dry places, and returns again, with seven other devils." Is that right? If the good man of the house isn't there to protect that house... And the good man of your house is your faith. If it isn't there to ward him off, he'll come in, force himself in. Then the life, the same power of faith that taken the devil ... the life out of it, your unbelief will restore it again. Didn't Jesus say, "Go ye," and what no more? Would you all say it together? "Go ye," and what no more? [Congregation says, "Sin no more."]

```
Matthew 12:43 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.

Matthew 12:44 Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished.

Matthew 12:45 Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation.

John 5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

John 8:11 She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.

```
**13** Well, what is sin? Drinking whiskey, and smoking cigarettes, and committing adultery is not sin. That's just the attributes of sin. You do that because you're a sinner. That's what your life bears. It's just like I say, "It's night outside." How much this is night? The whole thing's night. And you're a sinner, because you believe not. "He that believeth not is condemned already." You're a sinner, because you don't believe. That's what makes you do those is, because you do not believe, and yet you profess to believe. That ought to make all the holiness preachers say, "Amen." And a Calvinist saying it. All right. But anyhow, your life is known by the fruits you bear. And if you just simply do these things, and think there's no harm in them, is because it hasn't been right down here, yet, see. You do that because you are an unbeliever. Now, I know Baptists will disagree with that. But, listen, brother, the tree's known by its fruits it bears. Jesus said, "By their fruit, ye shall know them."

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

John 3:18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

```
**14** Now, if the life is in here is God's faith, and it's of God, it can produce nothing but a Christian life. That's all. You can't make a thorn grow on a ... make apples grow on a thorn tree. Whatever the tree, if it's got sycamore bark on it, looks like a sycamore tree, and bearing apples, it's just apple tree, 'cause the life in it is a apple tree life, and it's producing apples. See what I mean? Don't make any difference, Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Full Gospel, Pentecostal, whatever you are, Nazarenes, if you're bearing the fruits of the Spirit, you got life in you, see, see.

**15** Now, the life is known by what's on the inside. Now, if that unclean spirit is gone out, and their life that is in here is faith... "Go ye and sin no more," that is, disbelieve no more, "or a worse thing..." Sure. Seven others will come with him, and come in by force and take it. See what I mean? So, when you come to the platform at any time here, you come with one purpose. If you don't believe, if you don't believe this to be of God, stay off the platform, stay away from here, see. All right. And if you do believe, then do just as you're told to do. Go right on and believe, because it's backed up with God's Word, see. And you've got to receive it.

```
John 5:14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

```
**16** A little testimony about a linger, and I hope I'm not taking too much of your time. There was a... Recently, there was in a meeting... I've told it several times. I always refer to this, because it just seems so good to me: A nice meeting. This woman come along with stomach trouble. And when I was talking to her, and it said... Before I knowed what I was saying, everybody was weeping; I wondered what it was. And I picked it up on the tape recorder ... the tape recordings, to see what was making it, and It said ... the Holy Spirit spoke out and said, "Thus saith the Lord, eat what you want to; you're healed." And the woman went on rejoicing. A woman down the line farther, the same night, had a lump on her throat, sticking out like that. And It said the same thing to her: "Thus saith the Lord, you're healed." And told her what she had done, something another; and she was going to make restitutions for what she'd done. Anyhow, she was healed.

**17** But a woman went home to try to obey what the voice of the Lord had said: to eat. And the poor thing, she tried to eat, and she'd vomit, and stomach would burn; and she'd tried to force it down her. It'd just... It was weeks past, and it just, still as bad as it ever was, if not worse. Well, she just kept on believing. And her people around the neighborhood, they started making fun of her: said, "Why, that woman... That preacher run that woman crazy." Well, it wasn't me that told her that, it was Him. So she just stayed right with it, and one morning when her family had left, her stomach was burning her and hurting so bad---three or four weeks afterwards---she got real hungry when she was washing the dishes, so she picked up a piece of toast and eat it. Ordinarily, she'd vomit it right up. And she started eating the toast, and tasted pretty good, so she kept that down. And one thing that hurt her was oats, and some of the children had some oats left in the plate, she said, so she just taken a few bites of that oats. And didn't bother her any, so she just drank her a cup of coffee, so just fine and dandy. She waited a few minutes, she said, "The funniest feeling..." And she got so happy, she run down to tell her neighbor, down the street, which was the lady that had the lump on her neck, that said ... why, she was ... just how she was feeling. She run down, and she heard somebody screaming in the house; she opened the door and run in; the woman was shouting, running all over the floor. The lump had just left her neck.

**18** And so, she come to the meeting... Both of them come to the meeting where we were at. And she said to my brother ... asked about it, and wrote a note to me; she wanted to get it to us, so the manager, he come and asked me. Well, I said, "See, when a blessing is pronounced of God, just like God's Word about the millennium, and everything else, it's got to come to pass, see. Now, what happens... God maybe not answers spontaneously. I believe Daniel prayed, and it was, what? Twenty-one days before the Angel... Wasn't that right? Twenty-one days later, the Angel got to him? But what it was, when the Angel of the Lord had pronounced that, it was weeks later, two or three weeks, it was just Him passing through that neighborhood confirming the Word, see, that had already been spoken by God, see. Not what if the woman during this time, would've got with some critics and unbelievers, say, "See, there ain't nothing to it." Well, there'd been so much unbelief built up there... See what I mean? Just like anything else in God's Word, it takes the same thing. So have faith in God. May the Lord bless you now.

```
Daniel 10:13 But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia.

```
**19** And now, here's some handkerchiefs laying here to be prayed over. I wish to do this now. Now, many people think that's superstition, but it's the Scripture. Yes. It's the Scripture. Now, you might wonder why would a handkerchief... Now, many of you brethren anoint the handkerchief. That's all right. That's just fine, see. Anything that God will bless, we're all for it, aren't we? Anything that God will do... But in the Scripture, if you notice... Now, let's got right down to little bitty hair's point. If you say, "I don't believe that, Brother Branham," that'll be all right anyhow, see. And we won't think one bit less of you. But if you'll watch the Scripture, Paul never anointed those handkerchiefs; he took them off of his body: Acts 19. Now, where I think he got that: When the Shunammite woman lost her baby, and she went over to the prophet, Elijah, Elijah sent Gehazi with a staff in his hand to lay the staff on the baby. He realized that what he touched was blessed of God, see. And they did... Now, there's anointing. If I had just a little time to go into that ... see. But now, we pray over the handkerchiefs and send them as memorials. I send hundreds and hundreds a week, and I guess I send more than a thousand handkerchiefs a week from one office, Jeffersonville. Testimonies? We got a little house built there, a little shed, just banked up full of testimonies and things.

```
2 Kings 4:29 Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.

Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**20** Here some time ago, I was just thinking, one come to a woman in Germany who was crippled with arthritis, and they went and brought the pin, put it on her underneath garment. She confessed all of her sins and things. She said, "Now, devil, you get out of the house of the Lord," and jumped up and went walking on. It was over, see. Her testimony has been so forceful at Luxembourg... I'm going into Luxembourg now for a meeting, in Luxembourg, Germany, on this trip, then up to Frankfurt. Now, there's just... Don't give up. Just keep believing. And now, before we start for the rest of the service. Can we bow our heads just a moment for prayer for these handkerchiefs? I want every Christian in here to center your heart on the sick and needy of these handkerchiefs. Come right ahead, brother.

**21** Most kind, loving Father, we are thinking now of the great Saint Paul in the Bible; they took from his body handkerchiefs and aprons, and they put them on the sick, and evil spirits went out of them, and they were healed of diseases. Now, we realize that we're not Saint Paul, but we know that You're still Jesus, the One who did the healing. And now, Father, these handkerchiefs, perhaps, means that some poor, old mother or dad, some little child somewhere sick and afflicted, they're waiting for these to return. Great, heavenly Father look down in mercy tonight, and heal every one of these. You're looking at them. And we pray that You'll grant these blessing to us. We don't know how to ask You, how to rhyme our prayer; we know that that has nothing to do with it. It's Your divine order of doing things. It's whether we can believe it in our heart, and I do. And now, we are told in the Bible, that one of the writers have said, that when Israel come out of Egypt, and was on their road to the promised land, the Red Sea had them cut off. And God looked down through that pillar of fire with angered eyes, and the Red Sea got scared and moved back, and Israel went across on dry land. And now, Father, may You look tonight, to these handkerchiefs, and follow them to the sick and needy. And when they're placed upon the needy, and sick, and afflicted, may You look down upon that disease with angered eyes, thundering out of Calvary; and may that disease get scared and move back. May the patients pass into good health and the promise of God. Grant it, Father. We send these handkerchiefs to them, in the name of Thy dear Son, Jesus Christ, for this purpose. Amen.

```
Exodus 14:21 And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

Exodus 14:22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**22** Now, in the 8th chapter of Saint Luke, the reading of a verse, and just a few comments. Last night, I was a little late, so I'm going to try to be just on time tonight, if possible. But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole. Our Scripture reading tonight, is concerning a desperate man, in desperation, a man by the name of Jairus. It was right in the middle of the ministry of our blessed Redeemer, Saviour, when He was here on earth. He spent much time in prayer; He went up into the mountains, and He prayed. And a day before this He had just crossed over a sea, all the way over a stormy sea to help one single person. He went over to Gadara to help a maniac over there that was bound in the tombs; crossed over a stormy sea to help one man in trouble, 'cause one soul was calling for Him. And He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He come out of glory tonight, come out with His power to make one single person of this earth, well tonight, to help one person. And I believe that He'd be there each day, thousands around the world, where great campaigns are being held now in the closing up of the Gentile dispensation. May He come tonight.

```
Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**23** We are thinking of Jairus. I believe he was a nice, little fellow. Many times that we judge people by their actions, and sometimes we don't judge the heart. You know, I've often thought: Back here is the spirit of a man, the next is his soul, the next is his mind, and then his flesh. All right. Satan does not tempt down in here; he tempts out here in the flesh. For instance, you go down the street tomorrow, you're walking along singing Christian songs, and somebody says, "You know, she or he is just a hypocrite (talking about you.); there's nothing..." Now, the first thing, your flesh picks that up in the ear, and it suggests to the mind, "Get even with him." Time it gets back here, he says, this back here says, "'Vengeance is mine,' saith the Lord. 'I will repay.'" See, that's it. So Satan tempts out here, you see. He doesn't get down here, because this is immortal, see. It's the flesh that he tempts. Young man going down the street, young Christian boy, a young lady coming immorally dressed. The eye picks it up; the flesh suggests to the mind: evil. Then time it gets to the mind, goes to the soul, the nature's good... The soul of man is the nature of the spirit, of course. And so, when the soul gets there, but the Spirit says, "Whosoever looketh upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery in his heart already." The young man turns his head and walks away, see. That's down here is where it's got to be, not out here. It's got to be down in your heart, where it's got to come from---where God lives.

```
Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.

Romans 12:19 Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.

```
**24** And little Jairus, I'd imagine, down in his heart he believed on the Lord. But what he had: He had joined up with a bunch of unbelievers. You know, there's a whole lot of people like that tonight? They believe ... would like to be right here in this meeting tonight, but they've got their name on books that doesn't believe this, you see. So they're secret believers. And Jairus... You know a man like that, God sooner or later will bring it to a showdown, I believe. So Jairus probably went with the priest, and they said, "Ever who goes to these healing campaigns can just come get your membership and leave." 'Cause they couldn't no more belong to the synagogue, see. They had to get out. And so they couldn't believe on this fanatic, because He didn't teach the way their seminaries taught, and so forth. But He did have the Word of the Lord. And He had a spiritual move. God always...

**25** Where God is you'll see supernatural spirits. I ask any person, any Bible scholar, to go back down the history, and find out if ever there was a move of God in the world at any time, that God was in, if there wasn't phenomenals, and supernaturals, and divine healings, and powers of God made manifest? Everywhere. So don't think it's strange today, if these things are going on. It's just the move of the Lord. That's all. It's just the Lord moving. And God is moving with His Spirit. And in the Old Testament... What a beautiful type! In the Old Testament there was a pillar of fire that hung over the children of Israel. Priests watched that, and when the pillar of fire moved, the trumpets sound, Israel packed camps, and left. They followed the pillar of fire. And no matter what time it was---midnight, daylight, middle of the day, five o'clock in the afternoon, whenever it was when the pillar of fire moved, the people moved with the fire. A very beautiful type of today, that... After fifteen hundred years of dark ages, there was a man by the name of Martin Luther saw the pillar of fire: "The just shall live by faith." Away they went. And they moved out of Catholicism into... The earliest birth of the Protestant church begin with Martin Luther. Well, Martin Luther went on till he got his church so organized. Luther passed away, many more of his followers passed away, and finally, they got it all corrupted. God won't stay among that. So the pillar of fire moved again. But when it begin to move in another supernatural revival, well, Luther couldn't see it, because he had organized, and had his own bylaws and things set---the Lutheran church---and they just couldn't move with it. But a little fellow named John Wesley, George Whitefield, they seen the pillar of fire, and they moved with it. And the great Methodist revival swept the world. Luther just set still.

```
Habakkuk 2:4 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.

Romans 1:17 For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.

Galatians 3:11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.

Hebrews 10:38 Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.

```
**26** All right, and then the Wesleyan, they had a great revival, divine healing, and powers of God. Recently, I stood when I went over there, in England, when I was after the healing of King George, when I prayed for him with the multiple sclerosis. And then, up there they taken me up to Wesley's home, and I knelt in the room and prayed, put on his cloak, went out to his pulpit, and stood there where he'd preached so much. And a honorable man, what a great man that he was, and his great revival. So then I think after a while, after the going of John Wesley, and the Asbury, and Whitefield, and many of those, after they passed along, and a few more rounds, just like it was in the apostolic days. Then the first thing you know, why, the Methodist begin to cool off, and they begin to get their rituals, and forms, and everything, and get self-starched, and set down. And you know, the pillar of fire begin to move out. That's right And some people named Pentecost, they saw it: the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Away they went; just left Methodist set on the rim. And away they went, and they had a revival that swept around the world. That's right. But the sad part is, you know, Pentecost is just about getting about like the rest of them, now again, see. That's right. That's true. But you know, the Spirit of God's moving on. The pillar of fire is moving out just the same, and all those people...

**27** And if you'll notice, a very beautiful type in the Old Testament... (Not getting off my subject... I pray you forgive me.) But Moses was a type of the church. And you notice today, the church does what Moses did. Moses glorified himself before the people, instead of glorifying the Lord. Is that right? And he wasn't permitted to take the people over. And that's the way the church, today... The people say, "Well, I belong to this organization." "I belong to this." And the organization tries to see if they can outdo the other. The Methodist try to get ahead of the Baptist, and the Baptist the Presbyterians, and like that, till it's got to a place till they glorify themselves, instead of letting God come into the people, and magnify Himself in the people. Isn't that the truth? But did you notice, there was a man that followed them all the way through, by the name of Joshua. He was right with them all the time. He's the one who took them over. Is that right? So this great power of God that's moved in every revival, is the very thing that'll take the church over. Just as sure as the world, it'll take them across Jordan to the other land. There's many believers all along. We've always had it.

**28** And let's take our story, for a moment: Little Jairus, he had joined himself up over here. And what a... There come a time that he wanted to go see Jesus; only his church told him, "Now, if you go over there, of course, you're going to be put out." And he was the ruler of the synagogue, the pastor, perhaps. And he couldn't do it. But one day, his little girl got sick. So they called the doctor, I suppose, as most all people would do. The doctor come, and tried all of his cures he had on the child, and the child just didn't get any better. Now, I'd imagine that when he seen the doctor's cures failing, I imagine little Jairus, down in his heart, begin to think, "I wonder where Jesus is. If I happen to have to have Him, you know..." You know, that's just about the way: We have to wait until we get pushed into it, you know. So then, after a while, the little girl... The great hour come that the doctor walked away and said, "Well, there's nothing more can be done, Jairus; your daughter is going to die. She just has a few more minutes of life left in her, and she's got to die." The dark stroke hit. Now, he must put what faith he's got into action. And that's the same now. We've got to take what faith we've got, and put it to work. We've got to do something about it right now. The hour is come when we got to move. And he said, "Well..." He wondered where Jesus was. I imagine I can hear him mention it to someone. I can hear people say, "Now, Jairus, don't you get all excited here now, see, at this great crucial hour now. If you start running out after this fanatic, this divine Healer over here, why, we'll just have to ... at the next general counsel, we'll just have to put you out. That's all there is to it. That's just all there is to it. If you're going to believe in such things as that, now, we're just going to have to take you out. The next business meeting, we'll have to vote you out and put a new pastor in."

**29** But Jairus had a need of something. Down in his heart, he knowed Jehovah still lived. Is that right? So then, the first thing you know, why, the... I didn't mean that I happened to say that a little out of season, I guess. I believe that's what they call the Assemblies of God's meeting, isn't it? Well, I didn't mean it only for them, I mean all of them everywhere: Baptist, Methodist, or whatever you call them. Next conference then, we'll have to put you out. I just ... know why I said, "General counsel"; I didn't... 'Cause the Assemblies of God believes in divine healing. I didn't mean it to be that way. I meant it, any meeting wherever it was at, you know, whatever the conference was that had to put him out. Because they didn't want to have that kind of stuff strowed around them, where them fanatics screamed, and hollered, and shouted, and cried, and jumped up and down, and believed in divine healing, and all those things. They didn't want that. They were too pious and too dignified. My, the Spirit of God is without form, see, has no form. So they wanted all their fifteen-minute sermons, and, "We must go home early." And they didn't want one of these fellows that... You know that's the kind of a person the world's calling for today. They say, "Give us a good mixer at the next conference. We want somebody who can mix good; believes in a little social drink or a little card party now and then." But God don't want mixers. He wants separators. He said, "Separate me Paul and Barnabas." Yes, sir. Separate yourself; come out from among them. God's calling separators, not mixers.

```
Acts 13:2 As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.

```
**30** And so ... but Jairus, I can imagine him now; he's got to go. The hour has struck; he's got to put his faith to work. So somebody must've come told him said, "Jesus is coming." And here He was, coming across the sea, rowing in the boat, Him and His disciples. Well, I can see him grab his little coat, and throw it over his shoulder, and take down the street just as hard has he could. And I can hear them say, "Well, I wonder where He's going now?" I can see some the officials of the church catch him and say, "Now look, Jairus, if your doctor has said nothing else can be done for the child, why hang around some fanatic and only cause disgrace?" But down in Jairus' heart there's a little spark somewhere said, "If I can ever get to Him... If the Shunammite woman could find Him, if Lazarus could be raised from the dead, there's something down in my heart telling me, if I can ever get to Jesus, that's all I have to do." All right. And down the street he goes.

**31** Well, the tired fishermen, as they landed in, great crowds was looking. I see a little woman sitting upon the hill doing her knitting, you know; she'd had a issue of blood for many years, and spent ... sold the farm and everything else, and paid the doctors. They'd done everything they could, but she couldn't get healed. And she said, "If that's Him, if I can only touch His garment, I'm going to be made well." Here she comes. I can see her pressing her way through the crowd. Here stands these people saying, "Days of miracles is passed. Now, you'll be put out of the synagogue." She just pressed right on through them, see. I can see these fellows standing there, saying, "Why, there hasn't been miracles since Moses was on the earth. All them things, we can explain it by the Scriptures." She just crawls right between their feet, and goes right on. She's trying her best. Anyhow, don't make any difference; she's trying to get to Jesus. Why? Her faith told her if she could touch His garment, that's all she needed. That's all. And the poor, little, sick, weakly, frail woman had been bleeding like that for almost eighteen years; you know how weakly she was. And she'd have to crawl a while and press a while; and she'd raise up and see where she was, and take off again. After a while, all the people trying to hug Him and everything, you know, with their different ways. But she touched His garment. Said, "Say, who touched Me?" He turned around. Why, He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You can touch Him tonight. He turned around. He looked around over the audience, said, "Somebody's done something here." He said, "You, your faith has healed you." My, oh, my, that's my Lord. That's Him. That's Him here now. "Thy faith has healed you. You had a blood issue all these years, but your faith took care of that." Oh, my. She fell down trembling before Him. He goes on.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:25 And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**32** Here comes a man. The custom was in the old days to be ashes on your head when sorrow ... a message of sorrow. He has ashes piled on his head, and here he comes running real fast like that. Said, "Jairus, Jairus [Brother Branham makes a panting sound.] , trouble not the Master. Your daughter's already dead; we've done laid her out." And the poor, little fellow, I can just imagine his little heart skipped a beat. "She's dead. I can see Jesus' eyes turn look at him, say, "Fear not. Just only believe. That's all." When he heard that Word, he looked back; his little heart begin to beat right again. His lips turned back, ran again, shaking, looking long. Jesus kept looking at him, you know. "Just believe. That's all I ask you to do, only believe."

```
Mark 5:35 While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further?

Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

Luke 8:49 While he yet spake, there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue's house, saying to him, Thy daughter is dead; trouble not the Master.

Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

```
**33** They kept walking on. They got to the house. The people... He said, "Now, what's all this carrying-on around here about," said, "all this screaming and crying, and going-on about?" Said, "She's not dead; she sleepeth." And they said, "Did you hear what that fanatic said? When we've got her embalmed and laying out in there, and, 'She's not dead, but sleepeth.'" Oh, isn't that really... Oh, I tell you, they ought to run Him out of the country." He walked in the house where all that was at. How could He do anything where that kind of unbelief was? He said, "Every one of you, get out"; put them out of the house. "Get going, every one of you." He was wondering who'd had faith. He said, "Peter, James, and John---hope, faith, and charity---come here." That's what He has to have. "Bring them in."

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Matthew 9:25 But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

Mark 5:39 And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

```
**34** Jairus would have a little faith, and he had been talking to his wife, and so she got a little faith too. So they put their arms around one another, and said, "Come on in now." He walked over there. And all on the outside of that wall was unbelief, so He was empowered with Spirit, so He could speak in unknown tongues. So He took the little girl by the hand, and said, "Tabitha..." And way out yonder in spirit land, where her little spirit was, returned back, she begin to squeeze His hand, He raise her up, said, "Now, give her something to eat." Said, "She's kind of weak." Oh, my! Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever! His [unclear words] .

```
Matthew 9:25 But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

Mark 5:41 And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

Mark 5:42 And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.

Mark 5:43 And he charged them straitly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Luke 8:55 And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**35** And we ought to get ourself in that kind of an atmosphere. Create... Each one of you is a creator. Did you know that? Each one of you people that's born again is a creator. We must create an atmosphere, as I said the other night. Sometimes when I'm in the home, and the wife is all ... the people in and out, and just going all the time. I'd go in, and wife standing in there wiping her eyes, crying; she said, "Bill, the children hasn't even had a bite to eat today; the house is packed and jammed." There little Sarah, my little three-year-old girl sitting in there, she's crying. Rebekah's come in from school. Why? My wife, all nervous, has got that atmosphere there, see. That's what it is. Well, now don't tell her. She's not here tonight, so she don't know it. So I go and I say, "Well, I tell you, honey; that's true." I said, "Oh, I have to come home once in a while, you know." But I say, "Sweetheart," you know, kind of get her quietened. Then in my heart, I say, "Lord, I am giving my love of God into my wife. Now, Lord, You help me, now here, and I want Your Spirit. Now, Satan would get us all confused, but I want You to help me." And I say, "Say, dear, I'll help you wash the dishes." And I get on there, and I say, "You just start with the children," like say something another. And I'm standing there all the time praying, "Now, Lord, send Your Holy Spirit; I know it's quieting them right now. And I'm sending it in this home, my home, in the name of Your Son Jesus." The first thing you know, the wife says... She'd be interested in talking about something. The baby's got blocks, playing in there, going on. It's all over, see, see.

**36** It's the atmosphere. You got to get away from it, see. From that old confusion, "Oh, am I going to be..." You're scared. That what's the matter. You'll be frying your meat of a morning for breakfast, and the first thing you know, you're filled with the Holy Spirit. Now, I'm going to shock you a little bit. You don't mind, do you? All right. For instance, the meat's frying, and all at once the grease pops out on your hand. Now, if you'll just shake it off and go on frying meat, it wouldn't bother you. Now, I know you didn't get that just right. Look. The first thing, "Oh, where's the Ungantene?" Something... You see, you grabbed your hand, see, see. It scares you to death. That's what does it. It's fear. Peter walking on the water. He was walking all right, till he seen the waves contrary and he got scared. Jesus said, "Why'd you fear?" That's what's the matter with the Holy Ghost people today; they've got a lot of fear.

```
Matthew 14:29 And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.

Matthew 14:30 But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.

```
**37** The devil's just trying to scare you out of something. He's trying to put something off somewhere else, say, "Some of these days you'll be this." You are now. Now we're sons of God. Now we're seated together in heavenly places. Now we have all powers in heavens and earth, see. Now we have it. Not in the millennium; we won't need it then. We got it now. We're ... right now we are the sons of God. "It does not appear what we shall be, but we know we will be like Him." What you are here is a reflection of what you are somewhere else. "Those who He called, He justified." Is that right? "Those who He justified, He hath glorified." Already in the presence of the Father, we have a glorified body. Whew! Wasn't that deep? All right. We'll find out whether it's right or not. "If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting." Is that right? That's right. So right now, and what we are there, is a reflection. Here ... what we are here, is a reflection of what we are somewhere else. So if your deeds are evil, you know where it comes from. You know where your other body's waiting.

```
2 Corinthians 5:1 For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

Ephesians 2:6 And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

1 John 3:2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

```
**38** Now, you say about that grease on the hand. Well, one day Paul... The Lord told Paul he had to go down and appear before Caesar, and got shipwrecked out there. And the Lord give him a vision, told him what was going to happen. Fourteen days and nights, no stars, moon, or nothing; didn't worry Paul, 'cause he knew what the Lord said. He said, "I saw a vision last night. A man stood by me, and told me that I was going to be taken before Caesar." And said, "I seen in a vision, the ship was going to be wrecked on a certain island." But said, "There ain't going be nobody's life lost." Said, "The Lord done told me so." Said, "Wherefore be of a good courage." I can see that little Jew shaking his hands, and screaming to the top of his voice. The ship just pitching as hard as it ever did. It didn't bother him; he knew what the Lord said, see. So when they got on the shore, there was a big storm been on there, and the rain, cold. Paul was picking up some sticks and he throwed some in the fire, and a big dangerous snake grabbed him right through the hand. Why, it never scared Paul. He looked at it like that; so full of the Holy Ghost, his whole inner body just charged with the power of God; he looked at it, and shook it off in the fire, and said, "I've got to go before Caesar. What you bothering me about," like that and went walking on. It didn't bother him, see. Didn't scare him a bit.

```
Acts 27:20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 28:3 And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.

Acts 28:5 And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.

```
**39** I want to ask you something. Do you love me? I'm going to let you in on a little something. I've never told this to an audience. What would you think of a fellow that one time was patrolling or walking through a field, and a hideous, big bull got after him---very dangerous? The fellow never saw it till it was right on him. And the bull threw his horns in the ground, great big long horns, and he run right towards the big [unclear word] and he got real close, and the man was a man with the Holy Ghost. And so, he knew there's no tree to run to; there's no fence to go; what could you do? But all at once just something happened. He said, "Now, bull, you can't hurt me, 'cause I'm God's servant. God made you; He's the Creator. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ go over and lay down there under the tree." And not a bit scared. And the bull was just about five feet, or ten feet, and he stopped. He looked this way, and that way, just as depleted and walked over and laid down under the tree. Went on. Could you believe that? Well, it's the truth anyhow. Well, that's no more than the Lord throwed Dan ... had Daniel throwed down there in a lion's den. The lions started towards him; Daniel just turned his back to them, said, "Lord, get..." The lions come up, and just backed away and went off and sat down ... laid down.

**40** Last summer my yard needed mowing so bad; I couldn't get nobody to mow it. And I was home on a little vacation, and I'd started... Two weeks I hadn't got out of the front yard with a little power mower. Put on my overalls and run out and start mowing the yard, and first thing you know, a little old power mower, and somebody'd come in. I'd slip round to the back and change my clothes, and run in and pray for them, and change again, and go out. It'd been almost two weeks; the grass had growed up behind me, kind of. So I got around behind the house where nobody could see me, and I took off... Just had my overalls and the shoes on. My shirt was off. Real hot, and I was mowing. I'd forgot about a little old martin box there that I had, and there's a bunch of hornets in there. And I hit against that fence, and my, I was covered over with hornets in a few minutes. Just, nothing on the top here. And the hornets... I said, "Now, little hornets, I love you. I don't want you kissing me. I want you to go right on back in your box where you belong, 'cause I'm God's servant, and I'm praying for the sick people; and this grass is growing up, and I want you to get away from me. And I'm not scared of you now, because I ain't got time to fool with you. Go right back in the box." I just talked to them like that. I just kept on mowing, and God is the judge, I'm going to let you know, every one of them hornets just lined up right like that and just went right on back in the box, just as pretty as they could go. That's right.

**41** I could tell you something on divine healing the same way, see. You got to talk to those things, see. "Whatsoever you say, believe that you receive it," see. It's a power; it's anointing, all fear drops down, drops away. He walked by a tree one time, and He said, "No man eat off of you from henceforth." Walked on away, went up to Jerusalem that night, come back down the next day. And about eleven o'clock they was passing by, and Peter said, "Say, look at that tree. Why, the thing's wilted from the roots." [Blank spot on the tape]

```
Matthew 21:19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

Matthew 21:20 And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!

Mark 11:14 And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.

Mark 11:21 And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**42** And when He went to Jairus' He had seen that girl... That's the reason He went across the sea there perhaps. But the woman that touched His garment, He said, "Thy faith has made thee whole," see. But Jairus' daughter, He went down to her. He said, "Didn't I tell you not to fear, just only believe?" Now, He's the same Jesus tonight, and may He bless you. Shall we pray.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

```
**43** Father, we thank Thee for these marvelous Bible stories of Your dear Son, when He was here on earth, giving us an example of what He is. And what He was yesterday, He is today, and will be forever. [Blank place on tape] ... preach the Gospel. "He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved. These signs shall follow them that believe." And, Father, today, as teachers try to say it was just for them people. And You said Yourself, it was to be to all the world. And the Gospel has not yet gone to all the world. The signs follow the believers as long as there's a world. Now, Father, I pray that tonight, that You'll bless us with Your presence again. And You didn't claim to know all things. You said, "I just do as the Father shows Me. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise."

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**44** Now, Father, I pray that in the name of Jesus, that You'll come and will just circumcise every heart in the building; that we may just drop all fear everywhere, and will let Christ, the Son of God, take over our life right now. Let Him think for us. Let Him speak for us, and we will obey. And now, for Your servant here, Father, I pray that You'll help me. Help these Your servants sitting here on the platform, these ministers. God, revolutionize their ministry. Make them, Lord, to be firebrands that goes forward with a great, powerful ministry. And in their churches, may their churches rebuild and come, Lord, have to even put more rooms to them. Grant it, Lord. And may many of these poor, wandering, straying, children, straying around through the world tonight, without a church home, grant, Lord, that they'll see their error and come to the house of the living God. Help us now, for we ask it Jesus' name. Amen.

**45** Jesus marvelously bless you all. Here sits before me tonight, these people that I'd sure like to be able to... Wish I had each one of you, that I could just go down, and sit down and talk to you awhile, just sit down, personally, and talk to you. I'm sure it wouldn't be but a little while till the Lord would tell me what about it, the case. For instance, if I said, "Well, here's a... Maybe here sits a man, back here, that's paralyzed. Let me have him." At the same time, I'd only be able to tell him what the Lord told me. But perhaps, that man will live a normal life ... I mean, an ordinary lifetime. But maybe, there sits a man with heart trouble. If he don't get something, he's going to die right away. There's a man with a cancer; he's being eat up. He's got to have help from God or die, see. So what am I going to do? The only thing I can do is what He tells me. That's right.

**46** And now, here's my message to you Christians, and all: What Jesus Christ was then, He is now. And now, when Jesus Christ was here on earth, He didn't claim to be a great Healer. He didn't claim to heal at all. How many knows this to be the truth? He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works, but My Father that dwelleth in Me." Oh, the Holy Spirit was in Jesus. Is that right? The Bible said, "Jesus of Nazareth, God anointed Him with the Holy Ghost to go about doing good." So then, if the Holy Ghost was in Jesus, and He promised the things that He did, the church would do also, see. Well then, He said... Now, when He passed by all those cripples and things at the pool of Bethesda, He said... He healed one man laying on a pallet, walked away, and left the rest of them, because He said He knew where he was and knew his condition. That's what the Father told Him. Then the Jews in question, He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself; but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." See what I mean? So it's never been, even to the Son of God, just to walk out in your own will, say, "This is this," and "this is that." And it never will be. It'll all have to come under the government of God.

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

Acts 10:38 How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.

```
**47** I want to ask you something. So I can just get to the place I feel where I'm right, see, get the scope of the meeting. For instance, a hundred years ... two hundred years ago, they didn't know what electricity was. But God gave us electricity. We find out the whole world's full of electricity. It's been here since the world began. Is that right? Now, listen close. Well, what if I was standing out here in a real dark field, and I knowed that electricity was all around me (Now, listen close.), and I'd scream to the top of my voice, "Oh, great electricity. Oh, I know you're here. Scientifically proven you're here. Light up, great electricity, and show me how to get out of this dark place." You think it would do it? No, sir. And yet, I'm just covered all over with electricity. Is that right? Now, many of you... Here's a young man in a wheelchair, some stretcher cases, and a little waterhead baby, heart troubles, and stomach troubles, and everything else sitting right here; you're right in a dark spot, aren't you? Now, all the screaming you do to God; that isn't it.

**48** Electricity will light up if you'll work according to the law of electricity. Is that right? If you had an artisan well on this side of the hill putting out thousands of gallons of water per minute, and over on that side of the hill, another hill, you've got a crop burning up needing that water. Now, no matter how much you'd scream to water, "Go up on that hill and water that crop," it'll never do it. But if you work according to the way of gravitation and run that water over on the hill, it'll water the crop. Is that right? But you've got to work according to the law of gravitation. Well now, if God is here all in this building, right now. Do you believe that? We're all conscious... Wished I... You can't get it all in in one night, you see. You're conscious that God is here. Now, the only thing that we can do is work according to the law of God for our healing. Is that right? What is the law of God? His love. "Perfect love casts out all fear." Love and faith is the same thing, see. Love, perfect love casts out all fear, which gives faith, you see.

```
1 John 4:18 There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.

```
**49** Now, if you'll just love God with all your heart. And if you've done something to your neighbor or somebody, just say in your heart now, "I love them too," see. "And I love God with all my heart. And, Brother Branham, I have criticized you a little bit, but I love you anyhow," see. All right. Now, just let that take place like that, and just get that whole atmosphere in here of love, then watch the law of God go to work on that one, see. That's how it... Just the same as it made the hornets go back, as it stopped the bull in the field, and, oh, my, of the things that I could tell you. In this book... That night, when the maniac run to the platform to kill me... You heard of that, didn't you? You read it here in the book. What did that? You'd better know what you're speaking of when you do that. In Africa when the witch doctors come up by the dozens and challenge, and see them stand there with bleary eyes, and turn around, and walk away, see. Doing enchantments; they can make a rope stand up in the air, and rattle bones, and perform all kinds of things, even to turn water into blood, and everything else, right before you. And see the power of Jesus Christ just take that thing away like that, and bind them to such a place they just be condemned and walk away. He's here. That's right. Now, let's have faith, and let's believe with all of our hearts.

**50** Billy, where you at? What was... From what? One to fifty. Well, I think this is a... Let's see, we had the first and the last part. Let's take the middle of it tonight then. [Blank spot on the tape.] They had Moody Bible Ins... sent out a little quartet to sing for him; they had the shades all pulled down in the room. He had a sense of humor, you know; he turned around and said, "Say, who's dying here, me or you?" He said, "Raise up them shades and sing me some real good, snappy Gospel songs." And they went to singing the songs; he said, "Where's Luke?" That was his brother. Luke was in the next room, so they brought Luke in. He reached over his trembling hand, took a hold of Luke. They traveled together like Billy and I, and Brother Baxter and them. He said, "Luke, we've been a long ways together, haven't we?" Luke said, "Yes, Paul." Said, "But think of it: In five minutes from now, I'll be standing in the presence of Jesus Christ, clothed in His righteousness. Think of it." Gave up the ghost and died. Never died, he went to be with Jesus, see. He wrote this song: Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe, All things are possible, only believe.

**51** You lacking some? 50? Prayer card number 50 isn't here. Prayer card number 50, K-50, there's one missing. Prayer card K-50, is it in the building? [Gap in the audio] Sister, I want you to be in faith now, see. I've just been attracted to that baby tonight, ever since I've been standing here, that baby with the waterhead. I don't know what He'll say, see. Of course, I see it's a waterhead, isn't it, of the baby? I don't know what He will say, but I believe He may speak to the baby tonight. I pray that He will. Now, may the Lord grant it. And all you along here on the cots, and stretchers, and so forth, have faith. Just believe now. We're going to believe that God will give us something tonight. Now, we've been to meetings; we've talked on the Gospel; we've shouted; we've clapped out hands; we've done everything nearly in the way of religion. But the disciples coming from Emmaus one day... The way He done something, it made them recognize that He was there (Is that right?), that it was Him. I pray tonight, that He'll do something tonight, that'll make us recognize.

**52** Now, if Jesus was standing here with this suit on, and this woman standing here, now, what would you think He would do first? Now, He couldn't heal her, because He's already done that, you see. When He died at Calvary, He did that. How many believes that? Let's see your hands. That's the Scripture. "By His stripes, we were (past tense) healed." And every person in the world was forgiven of his sins when Jesus died at Calvary, but it'll never do you any good 'less you accept it. That right. He's the Lamb of God that take away the sin of the world. "It is finished," He said at Calvary. Watch. "He was wounded (was, past tense) wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity, chastisement of our peace was upon Him; with His stripes we were healed." It's already done. In the sight of God it's all over. Now, just as we accept it, we draw dividends, see. Like a check book with His name signed on the bottom of every one; just fill it out, and send it in. See if the Father won't recognize His Son's name, see.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

1 Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

```
**53** Well now, what can He do in this case? He would probably talk to the woman a little while. He'd find out, maybe, something was wrong. Now, if He's here tonight, He can do the same thing, can't He? Now, how many out there hasn't got prayer cards and wants to be healed? Let's see your hands. Raise your hands everywhere, so I kind of get a general idea where you're at. All right. Now, you look this way and pray. If you'll notice, every night there's more healed out there in the audience. Anywhere, no matter where you are, just keep praying, believing; God will grant it. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit in this building under my control.

**54** Now, lady, I want you to come here just a minute. I want to talk to you, just in order ... just like our Master talked to the woman at the well, the Samaritan woman. Did you ever read that story? You being my first person to come tonight to talk to you... The reason that I bring the people up is, the first thing, when the anointing strikes me, then I have to be able to single out... See, it just... There's no need to try and explain it, but it's just from every side, see. It's people's faith, believing. And each person in prayer, and that prayer just makes a channel like, see. And it's just... Then if I can get you close to me, so I can kind of get straightened out myself (You see), then it begins to move through the audience anywhere. They touch, and He turns, you see. You understand what I mean? Now, our Master one day sat on the well, and He talked to a woman that come to draw some water. He said, "Bring Me a drink." She said, "Why, it's not customary that You'd ask ... You being a Jew to ask me, a Samaritan, of such a thing." Said, "We don't have any dealings." He said, "But if you knew who you were talking to, you'd ask me for a drink."

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

```
**55** Now, I have my idea of what I think He was doing. I think what He... She was a human. She had spirit. And He was trying to contact her spirit, see, in spirit world. Now, that's the same thing, by His Spirit, I'm trying to do to you: contact your life. Now, if I was... That's a gift of God. Now, nothing I've done to merit that. When I was just about three minutes old, He came in the room, stood there where I was at, see. It's without repentance: gifts and callings. But what does it to do? Does that make me any more than the bootlegger that was just converted a few minutes ago? No, see. Not a bit. We're just all God's servants together. We're all the same. But we're trying to work for Him. See what I mean? And it's all in God; there's nothing that no one can do but God alone. Jesus Christ through His Son...

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**56** If I could heal you and wouldn't do it, I'd be a brute. I would be a horrible person. But I couldn't do it. But with a divine gift, I might help you to get enough faith to be healed (You see) by a divine gift, that was given me, which it come from God. And you're healing comes from God. Your faith comes from God; so God is all and in all. Every bit of it has to come from God. You understand? Not knowing you, knowing nothing of you, never seen you in my life, and perhaps this is our first time of ever meeting. Is that right? [It is.] Well then, if the Lord Jesus, when He talked to the woman, if He found out where her trouble was, He went right straight, and said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "That's right. Had five." She said, "I perceive that You're a prophet."

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

```
**57** Now, if He's the same today as He was then, and He promised us the things that He did, we would also. His presence being here then, He could reveal to me just where your trouble is, like He knowed where her trouble was. Is that right? He could do it. If He would do it, would you accept your healing? Or whatever you're in... I don't know whether it's healing, or what you have need of, but you would accept it, would you as a blessing from God? You would. May He grant it, sister. Yes. It's a... You're very much worked-up. You've been excited about something. It's a... You are ... you're suffering with a... It's a stomach condition. There's something wrong in the stomach. And that's in very... There's something wrong more. I see you exam... Oh, He says it's a colon---in the colon. It's a disease in the colon. You're scared of cancer. Bless now. Is that true, lady? Was that true? Your stomach, and whatever it was. Is that true? ["Yes."] Look here at me, just a moment. How could I know that? No way in the world, only His... Yes, here's another thing, I see moving. Now, that I'm talking to you. There's something you... You've had to do something. Oh, yes, you work, don't you? And you had to get off from work tonight to come here. Is that right? Of course, the lady... God's healed you. Go ahead in His name, in the name of Jesus Christ.

**58** Now, I want you to love Him with all your heart now, and believe with all your soul. Now, Jesus Christ is the same. 'Course, the more you talk to people, more it tells you. But as soon as I think the people's got enough faith to be healed, I feel it, I just let it go at that. 'Cause, there's... I believe we called either fifteen or twenty, and I don't know what He'll do out in the prayer line. Depends on how many, I get real weak. That's what my boy's standing somewhere here watching me, and when he sees I get enough, he knows when and what to do. It makes me real numb, and don't think I'm beside myself when I'm rubbing my face or something another, because my lips feel real thick. It's the Holy Spirit. Now remember, the prophet Daniel saw one vision, and it troubled him in his head. He was walking around in a coma like for several days.

```
Daniel 7:15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.

```
**59** Now, lady, I suppose you and I are strangers. Are we, lady? Whereabouts was that you met me? Vandalia, Illinois. My, that's a long time ago. Yes, ma'am. Well, was you there at the meeting? Well, of course I would not remember that in this much time. Was you up at the prayer line or something? Oh, you wasn't prayed... You just attended the meeting. That's right. Well, that makes us then just the same as strangers. You just saw me standing on the platform. Was you there the night, the boy that was born blind received his sight, and come back, and took my tie, and asked his mother what color it was? (No.) That was along about the next to the last night somewhere. Now, I want you to look on me just a moment. I'm not reading your mind, no ma'am. No, ma'am, I'm not. I'm just trying to contact your spirit, see. Just like a picture camera, a film's been taken. God has to take me down that same line again, see. You're... Yes, that's very scary; it's a... You get real nervous spells. I seen you; you dropped a dish or something another, trying to ... or in your hand. You just couldn't hold it here. Isn't that right? I see you stand by the sink or that place where you turned around to your right, and a chair was behind you, kind of staggered over it. In the evening when the sun is setting, I see it makes you feel real worn and tired in the evening. I see you sitting around a whole lot at that time, looking out a window, kind of like it was a dreary, weary look. You have neuritis also, don't you? That's right. And you're a...

**60** What that is, lady, it's the time of life for you. It's menopause, change of life. Come here. Do you believe that Jesus Christ can take that from you? Will you submit yourself to Him? That's a horrible spirit. It just haunts at you, see. Now, this is a mixed audience, but look, see. Just... Since you've been a little girl, every twenty-eight days, you get a funny feeling, see. And this is a whole change, and where life is, Satan is there also---death, you see. And now, right at this middle change, is when it's the worst of all. Now, Satan would run you insane if he could, but God's going to take it off of you now, see. And He's going to make well. Now, kind, heavenly Father, in the name of Thy Son Jesus, may this demon leave the woman, and may she walk through these shadows without a fear in her heart. Leave her; come out from her in Jesus' name. Now, my sister, now, you can go home and be normal, feel all right now. Now, it's all gone from you now, very strange, but you're calm, well now. You go home and be all right, and God will bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God, who gives us..." Those spirits are just like a shadow, like a big dark cloud, and standing there just like a fog, cold, indifferent. I want you to be reverent.

**61** How do you do, lady? Well, you and I are strangers, are we, lady? I do not know you. I've never seen you in my life; you're just a lady that come here. Do you believe me to be God's servant? Now, you know that I'm just a man, perhaps like your husband or any other man, see, just a sinner saved by grace. But God sets in the church preachers. And He sets in the church singers. And He sets in the church prophets. He sets in the church gifts of all kinds. Doesn't He do that? Do you believe that? Do you believe that God can tell me what's your trouble? Do you believe that with all your heart? Well then, if He can, then you'll accept it. Oh, I see now: It's not you; only a hunger for God. That's right. You've been praying to seek God, find God, more desperate for your baby. Is that right? That baby is... The wall of its heart has a hole in it, from an x-ray. Its ribs are deformed in the heart side. Merciful God, spare the life of the child and bless the mother. I take the curse of this devil off of this baby, that the baby will live and not die. Grant it, Almighty God, and eternal God of glory. As I lay my hands upon this poor, weakened baby, may it be healed in Jesus Christ's name. Sister, just go believing God, and He'll work it out for you. Don't fear now, go thanking God, and being reverent.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**62** Let's say, "Praise the Lord." He's... Our Lord Jesus be magnified. The powers of Almighty God, who created the heavens and earth, and spanned them out, and spoke and said, "Let there be." And things appeared which was made out of things which was not. May God's blessings and mercies ever remain upon His people. Have faith in God. What do you think about it, sir? Do you want to be healed of that heart trouble, sitting there? Sitting there, the man with his hands on his face? God will make you well. You believe with all your heart? He did; He's healed you. Stand up to your feet and accept your healing. You had heart trouble, and so did that baby; it went off of you the same time. See, friend, you don't need prayer cards; you need faith in God. Believe with all your heart; you shall have what you ask for. "If thou canst believe," He said. Only have faith.

```
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

Genesis 1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.

Genesis 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**63** You're the patient? Excuse me. It just turns me around so I ... goes off from me, see, and I see it go out over the audience. I'm watching it (You see?), and I'm trying to see where it's at. Nothing wrong; I was just talking to the lady. Now, we are strangers, aren't we, sister? I never... [The lady speaks.] You've been in the meetings, but I've never seen you then. Well then, if our Lord Jesus is here, as I claim He is, and His Spirit is here at the platform, and you're a believer, you're bound to be conscious of it. You can't help from it. If your soul is in connection with God, you'll know it, you see. Which I know you are... I could not heal you; you know that. I'm just a man, but your faith is what would heal you. Is that right? If I, by the Holy Spirit, by a divine gift and the love of God, can see what God would say something for you, then surely, it'd take all doubt away, and you'd believe with all your heart. Would you do it? You're... It's a tumor. It's not only tumor; it's tumors. One of them's in the neck and one in the back. Is that right? If He knows where they are, then he's exposed, isn't he? You believe He can take it away? Come here. O God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this Thy daughter. I condemn the enemy, and ask it to leave in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God.

**64** Only have faith. I keep seeing a man standing before me; looks like someone sitting right there with a bronchitis. That's... If you had it... That's right, that's... Amen. All right. God bless you. Amen. It just kept calling. I looked around; I thought I've seen the man somewhere. I looked back, and it was him sitting there. That's right. That left you also, sir. God bless you.

**65** How do you do? Of course, we're strangers, I suppose. Ma'am? I don't know you, no, ma'am. Well then, if we're strangers in this world, and God knows that we're strangers then, there'd have to be someway I'd have to know you, and contact your spirit, or someway to find out. All right, audience, are you believing? You want to get over that sinus? Believe God will make you well of it? If you believe it with all your heart, you can have it now. I want just to speak with you a moment. It's a ... it's a rectal trouble, like a hemorrhoid. Isn't that right? I see the examination, and you have a... You're very nervous, upset. It's a change of life, menopause. You also have some kind of a... You're coughing a whole lot or something another. Oh, it's a asthmatic cough. Is that right? And you have an allergy, and that comes from a dust, or some kind of a dirt or something, that you... There's something strange about you. There's some connection with you with somebody, or... Now, the Holy... Yes, it is. You're a relation to me in some way. I don't know you, but you're a relation to me. Is that right? What is your name? [Sister says, "Branham."] Branham. I thought. God bless you. And you're healed. God bless you, lady. I could hear someone calling you Mrs. Branham. And your husband is... It's through your husband; that's the way it is. A little fellow, a short fellow. God bless you. Go on and be well, in Jesus Christ's name. Where do you live? [Sister says, "Canada."] Oh, you're from Canada. Well, God bless you. I'd like to meet with you sometime. God bless you. Amen.

**66** Do you believe He healed you of that trouble when you come by? You believe He'll make you well? Oh, Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, that You'll heal the woman and make her well. In Jesus' name. Grant it, Lord, for Your glory. God bless you, sister. Go with raised faith, now believing that God's making it well, and it receive what you ask for. Come, lady. Do you believe God would heal you of that rheumatic fever ... believe God would make you well of it? You do? Stand up on your feet; He healed you then. God bless you. The reason it was him, you have heart trouble, you see? And rheumatic fever works on the heart, and them two spirits was calling to one another. Now, you go and just rejoice, and thank God for your healing, and be made well.

**67** Amen. Praise be to God. Have faith. Don't doubt. How do you do, lady. Do you believe me to be God's servant, that God sent me to help you? The only way I could help you, would be get your faith up. Is that right? I don't know you, do I? We're strangers. You want to get over the asthma? You do? That's what was wrong with you. Accept your healing now. In the name of the Lord Jesus, may you receive it, and go home, and be made well. God bless you, my sister. All right, come, lady. Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart, and you shall be made well. That's all I ask you to do: Have faith.

**68** God bless you. I want you to put your hand down on the baby now, sister. Dear, kind Father, I pray, as I'm so attracted to that baby, that You'll heal it. Now, dear Lord, according to Thy Word, Thou has promised that You would hear. And I ask You to grant this blessing, as in my heart, O God, for that baby; I ask for its healing, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I don't know any other hand would've been like that hand. Now, mother of the child, see, the child knows your own touch. And now, I want you to do what I ask you do. Will you do it? That you might know I've told the truth. When you go in tonight, you put a string around the baby's head, and get it right up even, and measure it. And then, day after tomorrow night, which will be your Saturday night, if you're here... Can you stay that long? I want you to cut off of that string, when you measure again, how much it shrunk between now and Saturday night, and lay it here with a little note on it. Will you? So I can show the audience.

**69** Do you believe with all your heart? Now, I never seen you, don't know you, but God knows you, doesn't He? I just want to talk to you a minute away from this microphone. [A brief pause as Bro. Branham speaks privately with the patient.] Not a thing immorally; it's just something I could not say before this audience politely; it's a mixed audience. But something the woman done that no one in the world was present but her and Almighty God. Is that right, lady? If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, for your obedience of faith, Christ makes you well; you can go now in Jesus Christ's name. All things are possible to them that believe. Isn't that right? You want to get over the stomach trouble, be made well? You believe? It's caused from a nervous condition, makes peptic. Now, you'll have to do what I tell you to do in a few minutes. Just accept your healing right now, and go out of here just as happy as you can be, singing and rejoicing. You've always been under a strain like that, see. You've always been nervous since you was born, see. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind, but I see your life just go back to a little girl. You always get scared. Lot of times things frighten you, dog or some another like that. You make a noise, and you'll... One time coming from school, you was run by one. You see? Isn't that right? And then it makes you real nervous, you always feel that when you're upset. Always deep thinking, crossing bridges before you get to them. Isn't that right? But you're healed now. You can go home, and eat your supper, and be well, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**70** Come. It's a female trouble, isn't that right? You want to be well, don't you? Certainly you do. It could run into a cancer. Will you raise your hands and say, "I accept Jesus as my Healer." And I condemn the disease in her body in Jesus Christ's name. May it leave her, see. God bless you, sister. Go thanking God, rejoicing and happy. All right, come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? I want to ask you something. Now, I know, mother, life probably hasn't been... Well, just to show... A few minutes ago, there was a real strange feeling come to you when you was walking up that step. Is that right? And the reason it was, when I was talking to a lady here a few minutes ago, that had stomach trouble. Is that right? You both were healed at the same time, you see. Your stomach trouble left you when you come up the steps, just like hers did.

**71** Besides being nervous with prostate trouble, you have stomach trouble yourself. Isn't that right? Dear Jesus, I pray that You'll make the man well. May he leave here happy tonight and well, in Jesus' name. Amen. [Unclear words] getting up at night, (See what I mean?) going to the bathroom, see. That's stopped now, you go and re...

**72** Audience, looks like you could see that hanging right there. Oh, my, 'cause it's wonderful, that light moving, milling right there. I see a... Oh, it's a... It's eczema on that, a case of eczema. Isn't that right, lady? Sitting there praying, wasn't you? That's why He come plumb over you. He was listening to your prayer. Now, stand up to your feet, and accept your healing, and be made well, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. God bless you. How do you do, honey? That's fine. Bless her little heart. Do you know what's wrong with you, honey? You do? Tumor? You have a tumor. Did you know that, sweetheart? Come here, just a minute. O eternal God, Author of life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this little child, innocent. As I hold her little body against mine, Lord, and ask that You'll make her well. May the evil go from her. Through the cross of Jesus Christ, I condemn this demon that would harm this child's life, and may it live. May Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of the living God come and hear my prayer at this time. Satan, I adjure thee by the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, leave the child. You're the grandmother, aren't you? That's right. You have heart trouble, didn't you? You did. You haven't got it now. You're healed. "Believest thou this?" The power of God's here to heal.

**73** Lady, laying there, do you think God would heal you with that cancer on the lungs? If you believe with all your heart, you'll listen at me: You have only one thing to do; you're laying like the lepers laid at the gate. They said, "Why do we sit here till we die? If we sit here, we'll die. If we go into a city, we'll die. We only got one chance; that's go to the enemy. If he keeps us, we live; if we don't, we die." You're going to die anyhow. You're not invited to go to an enemy's camp; you're invited to the house of Jesus Christ, the household of faith, which He's expecting you tonight. If you'll accept your healing, and believe that God will heal you of that cancer, it'll go out of your lungs, and you'll be made well. You think the female trouble left you, lady? It has. Go on off the platform rejoicing, saying, "Thank God." Lady, why don't you, laying there, rise up in the name of the Lord Jesus, and take up your bed and go home, and be made well. Do you believe?

```
2 Kings 7:3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

```
**74** The rest of you here could do the same thing at this time, if you'll believe. It's up to you. Act upon your faith. If you believe, lay your hands over on one another. Almighty God, in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ, I ask that You move, Almighty One, blessing this audience of people. And may the Spirit of God come down now in great oceans, and gushes of power. Satan, come out of the people, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus, the Son of God.
