---
Date: 1954-03-31
Title: The resurrection of Jairus' daughter
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: the Male High School in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 28 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The resurrection of Jairus' daughter



**1** Good evening, friends. Happy to be here again tonight, to greet you in the name of the Lord. I just got in on time, didn't I? I want to be a little quicker than that when I get to heaven; be just a little bit more on time. Well, we had to kind of hurry; had quite a time parking. Is everybody feeling good? That's good. That's very fine. Now, today has been a great day for me. I just have... Seemed like today, the Lord's blessings just seem to be pouring in. And if I could just get enough time to get to all the places are calling to come is the only thing. I think there's about four hundred, or better, lays constantly, of the places of the cities. And the poor people are needy, and I pray that God will just be good enough to me, to inspire me to let me know which place to go to ... just what to do.

**2** And I have something on my heart tonight that I... This morning, Billy Paul come up and was telling me about the meeting last evening. And he gave me a letter from Sister Caubles. And it was about a little child that I had prayed for up in Chicago. And it's just been on my heart all day long to find the predicament the mother and father had... Maybe some night I'd like to have her, or someone to read that letter to the audience: just a typical letter of people in need. But, the poor little baby, I didn't know it... 'Course, it just come through the line. And the mother said the Holy Spirit just began to reveal, and tell everything right up to the case, come on up, till just at the present time and then stop. Didn't know what to say from then on. And she's frantically... The little baby, I believe, said had cancer, and had part of his tongue taken out and his throat in here. And it's... One of the pastors at the Moody Bible in Chicago; he's a missionary, just returned in from Africa; I think that's French Africa ... French West Africa. And he got a letter a few days ago, both of them, that their little church is about gone; and Communism is sweeping over, taking it. And, oh, just think of the predicament. Now their little baby laying there just at the point of death, looking for it to die at any time. And, there the little church swept away; Communism is taking things over. I just couldn't keep from crying a little. I said, "God, if You'll just... I don't know what You're going to do. But, if You'll just spare that baby's life, I'll promise You that'll be a open door for me to West Africa where the Communism is taking over the churches over there ... taking over their church." And I want you to pray with me that God will do something and help. Of course, we want His will done in every case.

**3** I believe I was testifying the other night about George Wright. I just happened to see him sitting here. I have to... Here was a man that they'd give up to die, and I seen a vision the same time Mrs. Baker's daughter... Here he is, here that he would never be up any more and he's crippled; his legs had pulled him up like this. And here he is tonight by the power of God. The same night the vision come from Mrs. Baker, her daughter... Are you here, Mrs. Baker? Is the girl here, too? Is your daughter? [Mrs. Baker testifies about her daughter.] Praise the Lord. It's wonderful; it certainly is. Well, it's the same time that her daughter, while I was in the hospital, that they's calling that they didn't think that the young lady was going to live. And when I looked at her, I didn't think she was either. And so we walked in, and while standing, praying, I saw that light come over her bed. That's when it told her what would happen just exactly the way, and the time, she'd be sent home; and she was.

**4** And the very same night, I'd been up to Lexington, Kentucky, come back down, and got home about daylight. And got in bed and slept till about nine o'clock; and got up and started out through the hall. And as I did, there was a young lady standing there and she was speaking. And I thought, Well, what's she doing standing here? And she said, "Mother, that's what Brother Branham said." I looked over and seen her mother talking on the telephone at her home. And I knew it was a vision then. Then I heard something like clods dropping. And I just left Brother Wright's two days before that where I told his son, and all of them, that perhaps he was going to die. I'd been down four or five days praying for him ... that he was going to die. The doctors done give him up and everything. And then, I heard them clods dropping. There'd been some people there who doesn't believe in divine healing. The church that he used to belong to---not any criticism---the Church Of Christ, and they don't believe in it. So, they'd been up there making fun of him because he had me down there praying for him after the doctor said he was going to die. And when I looked, there was clods dropping under a willow tree. I never knew the man dug graves. And he said, "Thus saith the Lord: He'll dig the grave for some of them that's laughing at him." Here he is.

**5** I called Mrs. Wright on the phone, and told her right away what had happened. And I said, "When I come into the building one of these days, he'll be walking right through the tabernacle, make a left turn, and come over and shake my hand, and say, "Brother Bill..." And then, Sunday, first time I'd been around for quite awhile. I didn't even know the man, where he was at; walked right out of the tabernacle without him knowing this, walked right the same way. And I just stopped and waited and watched. Come right around the same way, the way it was said, walked toward me, and took a hold of my hand: just exactly the way it said. Now, when I say anything, it could be wrong; but when you hear Him say something, it's just that way. He's the Lord. Aren't we so happy for those things?

**6** I was just thinking, today, of what our Lord has did for us. My wife ... I caught her crying today. And, I come out of studying, and she was crying. I said, "What's the matter?"---just a little something. This is my home country, you know; it's hard here, hardest place in the world. And, you can notice a difference. It was something about school children, and you know how women are: They're so tedious about those things. And some people that goes to a little better church than what our tabernacle'd be over there. People's got nothing against me, now. They like me. And they like... But, they'd rather their children wouldn't associate with our children as long they could be with the children that goes to their own church, or something on that order, you know. And, it kind of hurt the wife a little bit. And she said, "Well, I keep my children clean, and we try..." I said, "That's not it, honey." I said, "That's not the idea. Them pastors, they talk, say... Here the other day, a minister friend of mine, standing ... didn't know that he was sitting right in the congregation with these fellows, and my name came up. He said, "He's a fine boy. We all love him and like him. But, he's kind of an illiterate type, and he doesn't speak well." That's truth, you know. That's really true. But, I just happened to think that's the same words they said about our Lord---same thing. These groups that He traveled with: the common people... The Bible said, "The common people heard Him gladly." Just the common and the illiterate, and so forth. And He never had any doctor's degree, or whatever, as far as I know. They didn't even record He ever went to school, but He was the Son of God just the same. That's the main thing.

**7** So, now, we want to talk just a few moments. Awhile ago, there was such a terrible emergency. We haven't been taking calls during the time of the meetings, because you just get so... But, there was a lady who called, was in a desperate condition. And my wife come into the room, said, "Honey, I hate to call you from study, but," said, "this is just such an awful emergency." And said, "The woman's fixing to commit suicide." And, so I got to the phone. And while standing at the phone, the Holy Spirit told her just who she was, what she was doing, how she was dressed, what was the matter with her and what caused it; and healed her right there while we was standing at the phone. Oh, my. I tell you. I heard crying, her mother screaming, holding her and everything, till I... And her just praising the Lord, she... So, He's good all around. If you just think of how... Compare that with the New Testament early church. Just compare it and see how it coincides with the New Testament church, the apostles, how the visions came, how everything... How the Lord worked.

**8** Here I was going over to Africa; supposed to be in India this month. Had a date sent and everything. Done sent and had time set with dinner with Mr. Nehru, before going, and the Prime Minister. That was William Branham doing that. And I was all fixed and getting my visa ready. I was praying for some people in the house, and went out in my house, went into another room. Come back through to answer the telephone, and come through the little hall, going back into another room (There'd been a couple more carloads come in since I was in the room), answering this phone: emergency long-distance. And when I started through the room, there stood a man standing there. He had a towel, looked like, over his head like this, hanging down. He was kind of a dark-complected looking fellow. Looked like his nose was kind of pushed on the end, or like a kind of stump like that. And he was standing there looking right at me. I thought he'd been a patient just come in. And I said, "How do you do, sir." And he was standing right in my road. So I said, "How do you do, sir?" And he said ... looked up like that, and said, "Brother Branham, don't go overseas till September." Now, I said, "What...?" Well, I looked and the man was gone. Now, if that ain't just like the Macedonian call that went over to [unclear words] . Just the same Angel of the Lord, see.

**9** What is it? It's the Lord Jesus that loves us all. He loves all you. He's right here tonight. He might not... He might deal with you in another way, but it's the same Lord. And He might deal with you in a loving heart. That's the same Lord. He might give you a passion for lost souls. It's the same Lord, see. But He set some in the church, teachers, apostles, prophets, gifts of healing, working of miracles; and all those things are set in the church. Do you believe that? I never did see where they'd be set out of the church. He set them in the church for the perfecting of the church and to be in the church until He comes again. Now, in those things... Now, many times, of course, I know, Christian friends, we have a lot of impersonations on those things. That's to be expected; that's always. We said the other night in one of our lessons, when Israel went up, a mixed multitude went with them. That's true. But now, what you are, you are by the grace of God. "What God hath..." You're a Christian, not because you sought God; but because God sought you. That's right, see. Man can't seek God---he just can't; it's his nature to be a sinner. Just like the pig: Tell him he's wrong eating slop; you couldn't do it. He's a pig to begin with. So you couldn't change that. He's just to begin... But God seeks after man. And man comes to God; and when he comes to God, He gives him everlasting life.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**10** We want to read some of the Word just in a moment. Now... And tonight, if possible, I just want to speak, just a few moments, and maybe call up some of those prayer cards that we left off last week ... or, last Sunday. We've been having more or less meetings of preaching this week, because we've been waiting for an audience. This is a fleece before the Lord. Now, let's bow our heads just a moment to talk to the Author before we read His Word. Our kind, loving, Heavenly Father, we approach Thee, tonight, in the lovely name of Thy Son, Jesus Christ. We love Him because He first loved us and gave His life for us. And we who were once alienated from God, cut off without mercy, without hope in the world; sinners by nature, dying in disgrace, going to a devil's hell in endless eternity. While we were in this condition---enemies of God---God sent His own Son, made in the likeness of sinful flesh; took upon Himself the form of man; suffered, bled, and died to redeem us back to the Father. And now we are sons and daughters of God by His grace. Oh, how we thank Thee for it. Great One, in Your majesty, tonight, we pray that You'll bless our coming together. We're not worthy to have these blessings, but we ask them because Thou has promised them. And what You promise, that You will do, O God. In these years of service, we have found You to be just exactly what You promised. And we pray tonight, now, that the Holy Spirit will be here---the resurrected Lord Jesus---and will spread forth His great power over this audience. Save the lost, recall the backsliders back home, heal the sick, rejoice with Your saints, for we ask it in His name. Amen.

**11** In Saint Luke, the eighth chapter, and beginning with the fiftieth verse we read this: But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: only believe, and she shall be made whole. And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in but Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden. And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead. And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise. And the spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat. And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that she ... tell no man what was done.

```
Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

Luke 8:51 And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Luke 8:55 And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

Luke 8:56 And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done.

```
**12** Now, just for a few moments, if I'd speak just a little on God's written Word, well, the meeting would be a success even by the reading of His Word. Now, may the Lord add His blessings. We're speaking now of Jesus in this great time of the resurrection. There was three people that He raised while He was on earth. He said, before He went to the grave of Lazarus, "I am the resurrection and life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die." And He had the resurrection power in Him. He said, "You destroy this temple, and I'll raise it up again in three days." Now, if He was the resurrection and life, but all the time in His ministry, He only raised up three people from the dead. Now, no doubt but He had many critics in that day that said, "Why didn't He raise up these?" And, "Why didn't he raise up this one?" And, "This priest just died, this holy man just died. Why didn't He raise up them?" Jesus plainly stated that He only did what the Father told Him to do ... what the Father showed Him in visions. Jesus saw visions, and only worked as God showed Him by visions only. St. John 5:19, He said, "Verily, verily I say unto you the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise."---just what the Father showed Him, and nothing else. Nothing could He do except, first, God reveal it. So, three is a witness. For it's written in the law that three is a confirmation. In the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established.

```
Matthew 18:16 But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established.

John 2:19 Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

2 Corinthians 13:1 This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.

```
**13** A Jewish man, here not long ago, said to me, said, "I can prove that Jesus was a thief." And I said, "How?" He said, "He went through the corn fields on the Sabbath day and eat corn that didn't belong to Him, proving He was a thief." I said, "You're trying to compare the order of that day with this day." I said, "He said He was the Lord of the harvest." And He was. And another thing, I said, "Isn't it written in your law that if a man comes through the field, and he's hungry, he can eat what he wants to eat; but it's not lawful for him to pack anything away. So, He was within the law." That's right. Even to their own laws. Oh, their hearts was just blinded so we could have a day of grace (that's all)--- we Gentiles. And I'm so thankful for that. And I'm sure you all are.

**14** Now, the Son of God spent much time in prayer before the cross, and healing the people. We're just prior to our message tonight, He crossed all the way across the sea; went up on top of a mountain one evening after breaking bread and feeding five thousand. I wonder where He got the atoms ... or, what atom He turned loose, rather, when He fed five thousand people with two little fishes and five loaves of bread ... five little biscuits that some little child had. Not only was the fish fish, but it was cooked fish, and cooked bread. He done something, no one knows yet, but He did it because He was the Lord of creation. And there, up on the mountain, He stood and watched the disciples as they was crossing the sea; the little boat tossed about and was just about ready to sink, looked like. And they seen someone coming. And here He come, walking on the sea.

**15** That's the way He does. Just about the time it gets the very darkest of hour, then Jesus comes along. We fret and worry, we Christians, and the baby gets sick, or something happens, or somebody don't show up. We're just so nervous and upset. We should just sit quiet. He's the one who commanded it. We're living under His dispensation, living under His grace. Just sit still; He'll be along after awhile. Don't worry. He'll open up a healing service somewhere, or you'll be guided to somebody who prays for the sick when you got sickness. If not, He'll just put it upon your heart so bad, you'll just kneel down in the room and ask Him about it yourself. That's right. So, just remember, He works all things together for good.

```
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.

```
**16** He got in the ship, the storm stopped. He crossed that stormy sea that night. So, the call of one needy soul---a maniac---up in Gadara up there; was just so mean till he was just cutting himself with rocks. And they'd bind him with chains and he'd break them. Now, that's the devil's power. Did you ever fool around with somebody that was a maniac? You ever seen somebody with double their power, it's a maniac, because they're completely anointed with Satan. And that satanic power gives them twice their strength. Now, if a person completely surrendered to the devil will give him twice his strength, what will a man completely surrendered to God do? See. It'll make you so weak. Maybe you're crippled and can't stand up. But surrender yourself to God and new life and new strength comes in, and you'll go to walking away. I've seen little people when their little limbs wasn't hardly that big---grown men and women eat up with cancer---rise to the floor; that hadn't sat up for months. So weak they couldn't have stood up any other way but under the power of God. And get up and walk around through the house, praising God, and get well. What is it? Full surrendered to God. Amen. That's what it takes: a complete surrender.

**17** And notice, when that man, that maniac, was so completely surrendered to Satan, Satan used his tongue. And he said, "We are Legion." Jesus said, "Who are you?" And the man couldn't even speak himself. Satan spoke through him: "We are Legion, for we are many." Jesus said, "Hold you peace, but come out of him." And when that maniac was healed, those devils went out and went into some hogs---about two thousand hogs---and they come out. Because it was going to cost them a little something to have the revival, they asked Jesus to leave the country. They felt more at home with the devil and the hogs than they did with the lovely Jesus. That's right. And they said ... they said, "Oh, leave our country. My, You're too much of a spiritualist for us. We can't stand that. Now, if You're going to get people healed around here, such stuff as that, You get out of our country." Well, He never stays where He's not welcome, so He went on back. But there was one needy soul that He crossed the stormy seas to get to, and He's the same Jesus tonight. He'd come from glory to one needy soul sitting in this humble church tonight. Same One. He'll every time come to where He's wanted, but never come where He's doubted. So, if you're doubting Him, just remember: He'll never be at your door, see. But if you love Him and want Him, He'll come any time you call for Him. He's ready to come.

**18** Now, we notice we're taking this little fellow, Jairus. Many people kind of criticize Jairus, that had this daughter that died. He was a priest at the temple, or one of the great men, chief men, around the temple. But I believe he was kind of a secret believer. I believe down in his heart he really believed Jesus, but he had just... he'd got himself mixed up with the wrong crowd. And you know what? I find that everywhere tonight. Sometimes in a great, classic society of people, there are secret believers up there. Great multi-millionaires, and yet, they're secret believers, but they're just kind of afraid to associate themselves with this class of people. They try to come by night and knock at the door. All right. Nicodemus was one of those types. Come around, said, "Now Master, I know that You're not so popular. Oh, there's a bunch of these holy rollers following You, or something, or common people. That's what they claim that You associate with: the common and lower class of people. But we in the temple know that You're a teacher come from God, for no man could do the things that You did without God being with him." There's a true confession, see. But he'd associated himself in the wrong class. And there's many of those people in Louisville, Kentucky, tonight, perhaps lots sitting right here. That's right. You've just got yourself up into a big church somewhere, got the biggest name there is around the country. You think that gets you somewhere. It'll cause you to lose your soul. It'll do that for you. Just humble yourself down. Always remember: The way down is up with God, see. "He that humbles himself, God will exalt. He that exalts himself shall be brought abase," said Jesus. So just humble down, come on down, get it the same way the rest of them does.

```
Matthew 23:12 And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.

Luke 14:11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

Luke 18:14 I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.

```
**19** One night I had an altar call at the tabernacle many years ago. There was a fine young fellow who was a Bible teacher at a class down there in a certain church. There was a lady down at the altar just crying and going on. He said, "Oh, my." He said, "Do you mean she has to do that?" I said, "I didn't say she had to do it, but she was doing it." He said, "Well, I'll never get it if that's what it takes." I said, "Don't worry. You won't." Naaman said, "Isn't the waters up here in my country a lot better than they are down there?" But that was the Word of the Lord. He didn't have to go dip, but he went back with his leprosy. That's right. So it was when he obeyed God's Word, he got rid of his leprosy. So, that's what God sometimes makes us do things we don't want to do sometimes. It was mighty hard for me in a few things, too, but He had to take the starch all out of me. He knows how to do it, too, in a real way.

```
2 Kings 5:10 And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.

2 Kings 5:11 But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.

2 Kings 5:12 Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.

2 Kings 5:13 And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?

2 Kings 5:14 Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.

```
**20** And so, I can notice, Jairus had a social standing among the people. And he'd get out that day... And, no doubt, He was the talk of the country. "That fanatic that's preaching divine healing. That Jesus of Nazareth. Nonsense. The days of miracles is past. Since our fathers in the wilderness, such things hasn't taken place. The man is a spiritualist. He's a mind-reader. Look at Him standing there, look out over the audience and tell different people different things they're thinking about. Hah! Away with such stuff." That's what they'd say. Little Jairus sitting back there, "I believe Him, but I can't say nothing. I've got a prestige I've got to hold up." All right. And the first thing you know, he was walking around one day, and every time anybody'd go talking about Jesus, he'd kind of keep quiet. He didn't want to say too much about it, because he was a secret believer. Then one day his little girl took sick. You know God knows just how to work on you sometimes.

**21** His little girl got sick. So, well, I guess the reasonable thing to do, he probably called in the doctor. The doctor said, "Well, we'll give her some of these homeopathic drugs," or whatever they was practicing with, "and she'll be all right in a few days." So, he give her the drugs and she got worse. And they called the doctor maybe two or three times and she continually gotten worse. Then, now, the blow comes. The doctor walks out the door with Jairus and says, "Hate to tell you here, fellow, but your little girl's at the point of death. She's going to die. There's nothing in the world can help her. All of my medical knowledge has... I've given every bit to you, and still the little girl is going to die. There's nothing can be done. She's just going to be called home by Jehovah. So, might as well get ready and get the grave and her shroud and everything ready, because she's going to die." Oh, I could imagine seeing little Jairus' heart shaking like that. Way down deep under there was a little thought, "Wonder where Jesus is." Sometimes it'd have to get about like that at your house to make you wonder where Jesus is ... to put that stuff you're doing, and come and find where He's at.

**22** Oh, as soon as the doctor left, I can hear him come over to his wife and say, "Dear, you know, all along, way down in my heart..." She said, "I know what you're talking about, honey. You're thinking about where is that fellow that's praying for the sick, called Jesus of Nazareth." "Yeah, that... You know, honey, really, I've noticed you searching the Scriptures every night. I believe you kind of believed on Him. You know what? I believed on Him, too." "Well, wife, bless your heart. Let's go find Him." Somebody must've come told him that Jesus was coming. He was coming across the sea then, oaring in his little boat, you know, coming across the river ... the sea ... little lake there. And as He come across, you know, they told him Jesus was coming... Faith cometh by hearing, (Is that right?) hearing of the Word. So somebody told him that Jesus was coming over to have a one-day campaign, maybe over in his country.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**23** So, right quick, I can see him get his coat on and pull his little turban down over his head and get started. I hear some of his church members standing there saying, "Where are you going, Jairus?" And I hear them say, "You know what? They tell me that that holy roller's coming down there. He's praying for the sick. I bet He's going down there." I can hear the deacons walk out and say, "Now, just a moment, Jairus. Now, you know every time we have the conference, we elect a new pastor, if we desire. Now, we don't want any disgrace brought upon our church. Now, if you're going to have any of that divine healing stuff around here, I want you to know right now, that we're not going to stand for it." Brother, the time had come for action. Jairus had to have some action. The time may strike you for action. And if you want to know, I think the time for Louisville now is for action. That's right. The time for the church, it's time for action. They've played around and throwed this off at the corner, and brushed off of this, and called it this, that. Let's act. Amen. Louisville, stand on your feet, claim your God-given privileges. And, it's time for action. Not, "Well, I tell you, I'll sit back and see if I... I'll go tonight." Like Nicodemus come by night. But, Jesus had a need right ... I mean, Jairus had a need right then. And, brother, we got a need right now, and that's, get to Him. Not wait till the next meeting, wait and see if somebody else comes and preaches the same thing. We got a need now. Let's press forward to get Him. The midnight hour is here.

**24** The little girl was at the point of death; doctors had failed. Now, I can hear them giving him a good sharp talking to; and the board of trustees, and all, going over him. But he had a need: A loved one was laying at the point of death, so he must get to Jesus. Here he starts on. About that time, the little old boat stopped down there and Jesus got out. And a bunch of spectators standing on the bank. The priests standing back up there, said, "Mm-hmm. There He is. Look what kind of a crowd He's got now. There comes that bunch of illiterate, unlearned, uncouth people coming up off the banks down there. Those fishermen walking down there. See what kind of a crowd He associates with? The birds of a feather, that's it." ... standing there, criticizing.

**25** Way back up on the hill, I can see a little woman doing her knitting. She had spent all of her money for the doctors and they couldn't do her no good. She had a blood issue for several years. She looked down; she said, "Isn't it strange, I was just dreaming about Him last night," perhaps. "And I believe if I could only get to that Man and touch His garment, I wouldn't have to get in the prayer line. He'd just turn around and tell me it was over if I could just get close enough to Him." That's the way to do it. That's just it. "If I could just get close enough to Him, that's all I need." Well, I see her walk down here. There stands her pastor. She looks up. "Now, where are you going? I suppose then you're going down to that meeting. Well, I want to let you know this: You know what the orders are around here. Any person associates with that tribe, they're given their letter." Said, "You can just have it." Here she goes on, right on down. She had to get to Jesus. And as soon as she got there, I can see her standing before a big bunch, look down there. "Well, I'm surprised at you. A woman that the doctors has turned down---they can't do nothing for ---and then you... And a woman with a reputation that you've got, as a good woman, the reputation and the prestige that you've got amongst the people; and here you are associating yourself with that bunch of holy rollers. I never seen such, the very audacity. Hmm. The days of miracles is past." I hear her turn around and say, "It might be for you, but not for me. Just let me get a little closer to Him." She's pressing on. She's got to get up there.

**26** And after a while some fellow says, "I'll just tell you right now, Aunt Lydia, I'm just not going to let you do it. We're just going to stand here and not let you do it." I can see her just stoop right down, walk right between his legs and go right on through. She's determined to get to Him regardless of the cost, regardless of the price. That's the way we ought to be. No matter what says this or what side's that, God said it in His Word and that settles it for me. God said so, that's just ... that's all of it. I believe it. So here she comes. And she gets down there, and she seen all the people stand up around and putting their arms around Him. She just slipped along behind Him and touched His garment like that. And she thought, Oh, Lord, that just satisfies me. I got to the meeting, so that's good enough to me. All at once, there was something... He had some way of knowing things. He turned around, said, "Who touched Me?" Looked around over the audience till He found where she was. Said, "Thy faith has saved thee. Your blood issue has done stopped now." Why, He's the same tonight---just the same Jesus. If He's risen from the dead, He said, "The things that I do shall you also." Is that right? And He said, "If you believe," that's all you had to do. All right. And she was healed.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Matthew 9:23 And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**27** And then about that time, I see this little priest pushing through the crowd. Some of them said, "Well, looky there. Well, there's Jairus, the one that just got his degree last year. Well, you mean to tell me he just got his bachelor's degree and here he is down there fooling around with that group now." Why was he down there? He had a need. That's right. He had a hungry heart. God was going to show him all about these things. So, he slips right up to where Jesus was and he said, "Lord, my little girl is at the point of death. Come lay Your hands on her, and she'll get well." My, I just like that. Oh, when he'd seen he got close enough to Him that he could attract His attention---if he could attract the attention of the Man... God was already dealing with his heart, so if he could attract the attention of the Man, he'd get what he wanted, because he knowed that God was in His Son.

```
Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

```
**28** I like the Shunammite woman there on that, when her baby had died and was laying in the prophet's chambers. She said, "Saddle a mule and go forward. Don't you stop till I bid you." And when she come... God don't always reveal to His servants everything that goes on; just as He wants to reveal it. And so the woman drove up real quick... We'll leave our story here a moment. The woman got up real quick. And Elisha got up, looked over, come out of his cave and looked around there. And he said, to Gehazi, said, "Here comes that Shunammite." Said, "Her heart's troubled and I don't even know what's wrong with her." So he come up. Still God didn't tell him what was wrong. He said, "Is all well with thee? Is all well with thy husband? Is all well with thy child?" I like this: She said, "All is well with me, and all is well with my husband, and all is well with the child." And the baby laying, dead. Well, what? She had come to the man of God. It was that same man of God give her the baby by a promise. And she knowed that God was in His prophet. And if she could ever get to the prophet, the prophet could let her know why God taken the baby. She said, "All now is well." Then she fell down and began to tell him about that baby. And you know the story, how he went and laid his body on the baby ... come to life.

```
2 Kings 4:20 And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon, and then died.

2 Kings 4:21 And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door upon him, and went out.

2 Kings 4:24 Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.

2 Kings 4:25 So she went and came unto the man of God to mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of God saw her afar off, that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:

2 Kings 4:26 Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well.

2 Kings 4:27 And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.

2 Kings 4:28 Then she said, Did I desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?

```
**29** Little Jairus had worked through the crowd till he got down there. And he said, "Now, all is well. I finally got to Him. I got away from the pastors, I got away from the bishop, I got away from the pope, and I got away from all of them. And now, I've got down from all the church members, and through all the societies and everything else, now. Now I've got down to where I can really worship Him." He said, "Lord, I'm so glad to be here. And my little girl is laying at the point of death. Will You come, lay Your hands on her?" Now watch. His faith was laying on hands, but Peter's wasn't like that. When he was on the stormy sea the night before, and Jesus was standing out there, he said, "Lord, if it be You, bid me to come to You on the water. Just ask me to come." Jesus said, "Come on." You know, "Seek and ye shall find. Ask and it'll be given to you." So, Peter steps down out of the boat and away he went.

```
Matthew 7:7 Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Matthew 14:28 And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.

Matthew 14:29 And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 11:9 And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.

```
**30** The priests: When Joshua gave the commission to cross over the sea ... over the river, rather, their faith was when their feet touched the water. As soon as the soles of their feet touched the water, they knew the sea would drive back. That's where their faith was. To the Roman centurion: He said, "I'm not worthy that You should come under my roof. Just speak the word." I like that. Look at this: He said, "I'm a man under authority. Now I say to this man, 'Do this.' and he does it. And I say to this man, 'Go.' and he goes; this man 'Come.' and he comes. And know what I have... All under me has to obey me." Now, watch. He recognized that Jesus Christ had sickness under his control. He said, "You just speak the word (That's all You have to do.), and the sickness of my servant will obey what You say do." Give us that kind of faith here, tonight, and you'll see something happen. That's right. "Just speak the word. Whatever You say, that's the way it'll be. Just say the word." And He said, "Thy son liveth." And so the next day, when he went down about eleven o'clock, he was coming near home. He'd traveled all that day, and that night. And the next day he come in. Some of his servants met him, said, "Thy son liveth." He said, "What time did he start to begin to get well." Said, "Yesterday at about eleven o'clock the fever left him." The man said, "That's just when He told me." That's right. The son begin to mend at that time.

```
Joshua 3:13 And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD, the Lord of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an heap.

Joshua 3:14 And it came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over Jordan, and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people;

Joshua 3:15 And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,)

Joshua 3:16 That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho.

Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Matthew 8:13 And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:8 For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Luke 7:10 And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.

```
**31** Now, Jairus wanted Him to lay hands on. Said, "Come lay Your hands on my daughter, and she'll get well." Jesus said, "I'll go." And He started on down there, because He knowed if a man's faith ... whether He had a vision or not. Jesus had done said that He did nothing till the Father showed Him. Perhaps there's no vision of it, but yet, He knew the man's faith was sufficient to do the work. The woman that touched Him back there: He never said, "I healed you." He said, "Thy faith has saved thee." And He took his fingers... Two blind men followed Him one day in the street. Said, "Lord have mercy on us." He'd had no vision about those men. So He went on and left them alone. They cried after Him till He went into a house. They came into the house and said, "Have mercy on us, Lord." Now watch. He touched their eyes, and said, "Now, according to your faith, be it unto you," see. And they had it. Their eyes come open, see. "According to your faith." But now, what He did Himself is what the Father showed Him to do. But He touched their eyes. They touched His garment and they done everything like that. That was their own faith. "Thy faith has saved thee."

```
Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Matthew 9:27 And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

Matthew 19:19 Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

Matthew 20:30 And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Matthew 20:34 So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Mark 5:24 And Jesus went with him; and much people followed him, and thronged him.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**32** So, here comes the man now. Jesus going with little Jairus to his daughter, sick. Now, they're going along. I can see Jairus walking along now. All the priests looking at Him and said, "Ah, so that's what you choose." "Yup. This is it." ... walking right along. He got close to Jesus. He'd had a change of heart. And every man that really gets close to Jesus can never be the same any more. No. You can't associate with that old dry, formal religions any more. You've got something in you that changes you and makes you different, if you ever come close... Now, you can go close to the church and do anything, but you can't come close to Jesus and be the same any more.

**33** So, Jairus walking right along, his little chest throwed out, you know, like that. "Yes, sure. I'm glad to be walking by Him. Yes, sir. This is my salvation, now." Yes, sir. Then the great stroke come. Here come a man with ashes on his head, as the Oriental type of mourning. And said, "Don't trouble him any more. Your daughter is already dead." That was the midnight blow. I can see little Jairus' tears come in his eyes. His little heart begin to quiver. He looked around. I can see Jesus, with those sacred eyes looked and said, "Fear not. Only believe." That's enough. He pressed a little smile across his lips, and he started on. "Well, I know what He says... He's anointed God. I know what He says is all right." So, was going on, he knew it would be all right, see. He knew something was all right. When they got to the house, here they was screaming and going on out in the yard, "Oh, she's dead, she's gone. We've embalmed her body. She's laying on the couch, and she's dead, she's dead, the poor little thing." Jesus started to go in, all that carrying on going on like that. He said, "Give peace. Keep still a little bit." He said, "The girl's not dead; she's only asleep." And they laughed at him. Do you know what He done? When they laughed at God's Word, He put them out. That's a good thing to do. Don't you believe that? That's right. He put them out.

**34** How could He do any miracles with such as that around? Well, one time He had to take a man and lead him plumb out of the city so He could heal him on the account of so much unbelief. He came to His own country where He was raised up at, He couldn't do nothing: no works. They said, "We heard He'd done miracles over there. Let me see Him do them now." And all the people that knew Him when He raised up as a boy: "This is a carpenter's son. We knowed His dad, and we knowed them all. We know His brothers and sisters. We know they're a bunch of poor people down there. Where'd He get this wisdom? What school did He come out of?" Jesus marveled at their unbelief. He didn't stay there but a little bit, He traveled on. Then He said, "A prophet is not without honor, except among his own people, in his own county." That's right. And it's been that way ever since. Now, 'cause that's the Word of God, see. It has to be.

```
Matthew 13:55 Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?

Matthew 13:57 And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.

Mark 6:3 Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.

Mark 6:4 But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house.

Luke 4:24 And he said, Verily, I say unto you, No prophet is accepted in his own country.

John 4:44 For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country.

John 6:42 And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven?

```
**35** But they laughed at Him. And what He said was the Word of God. And so then He said them words, and He put them all out of the house. And look who He took with Him: Peter, James, and John---love, faith, and charity ... I mean, faith, and hope, and charity. Peter, James, and John---those three. That's what you want to take along with you. Hope, faith, and charity walked into the sick room. And notice, He'd taken the father and mother; put all the rest of them out. Now, He's alone with the broken-hearted, with little Jairus and his wife who believed Him with all their heart. He said, "I told you not to fear; you shall see the glory of God." All right. Then as He walks on down into the house, looks on the couch. There laid the poor little girl, laying there, dead, laying out on the couch, about twelve-years-old. And Jesus walked over to where she was, took a hold of her hand, and spoke in an unknown tongue: "Tabitha," called out. Out there,

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Mark 5:37 And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Mark 5:41 And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

Luke 8:51 And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

```
**36** they was all around. Look on the outside, all doubting, said, "Well, the very idea. That man putting us out of that house. Oh, wait till we get a hold of that Jairus. Mmm, just wait till we get him. Oh, my. The doctor said the child was going to die, and it done just what the doctor said. The child is dead. And here he is now bringing disgrace on our church. Mmm, just wait till he comes out of that house. We'll church him right now. Wait till the general council meets. We'll sure show him what to do. We'll fix him up. Just wait till they have the next conference. We sure won't have that guy around here no more." Jesus, with all that bank of unbelief outside, He was empowered with a Spirit that could speak out into another land; out into another language. And He called the spirit of the dead from out of the land yonder and said, "Return back!" And the girl that was laying dead, by the touch of His hand, rose again. Said, "Now give her something to eat, she's weak. She's going to get all right." Said, "Don't tell nobody about this now. It don't have to be put in all kinds of papers, and advertised all around." All right. He was the man of the hour, He was; but He knew it Himself. God knew it, and that was sufficient. All right.

```
Matthew 9:25 But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

Mark 5:41 And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

Mark 5:42 And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.

Luke 8:50 But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Luke 8:55 And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

```
**37** And said, "Don't fear, only believe." Now, that same Lord Jesus that was there at this scene is here tonight on this scene. When He was here on earth, we see His mercies. On the resurrection of that little girl, the Father had showed Him a vision as He went for some time. Said He did nothing... When He looked around at Jairus, He perhaps had already seen what was going to happen, 'cause He said with His own lips... When He passed through the pool where the cripples and lame and blind laid, passed through there and found a man on a pallet. For God had showed Him where that man was. He'd had a disease for thirty-eight years. It wasn't going to kill him. So He walked over there and healed that man, went on about His business. And there laid at least two or three thousand people or more, laying in this pool here, waiting for the moving of the water: lame, blind halt, withered, waiting there. And yet a loving, compassionate Father passing right through it. But, sometimes people don't know what love is. You get love and sympathy mixed up, see. Love is obedience. God speaks... It's obedience, regardless of what sympathy, or anything else is. No wonder He said there in the Garden of Gethsemane, His sympathy to leave His friends and everything, but said, "Thy will be done." That's right. That's love. That's real love, is obedience. There He passed by. Sure, His heart bled for that poor little mother standing there with the waterhead baby, and the poor old blind father crippled up with arthritis. Been standing there for years and years trying to get in that pool when the Angel come down, but they couldn't do it.

```
Matthew 26:42 He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.

Luke 22:42 Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.

John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**38** Great multitudes: It takes two thousand to make one multitude. And multitudes (in the plural) laid there day and night. The Angel would come down, trouble the water. The first one stepping in with faith got well, then they had to wait till it was troubled again. So then, they laid there year after year. And their loved ones brought them something to eat. The beggars laid there, trying, perhaps, to get into the pool once and be healed---try their faith against the Angel ... or, with the Angel when it come down. And there that great multitude laying there ... the Bible said impotent folk laying there, was lame, blind, halt, withered---waiting. And He passed by every one of them, and never said one word to any of them. Walked over there to this man, said, "Will thou be made whole?" He said, "Well, somebody can outrun me." He said, "When I'm coming to the pool, somebody can run better than I can. Runs down, steps in ahead of me, and that's how it happens." He said, "All right. Take up thy bed and go into thy house." The Jews questioned him. Why, he said, "Verily, verily I say unto you the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise."

```
John 5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

John 5:8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

John 5:10 The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.

John 5:11 He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.

John 5:12 Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?

John 5:13 And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**39** When He was here on earth, He knew the secret sins of the people. He knew what they'd done, where they'd been. When Philip come to Him after he'd found Nathanael, he walked up and said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." That was the beginning of His ministry. Why, Philip standing in the prayer line, said, "Well, how did You know me, Rabbi? (or 'Reverend,' whatever you want to call it. 'Master,' I think, or 'Teacher' is the right interpretation.) How did You know me? He said, "Before Philip called you. When you was under the tree, I saw you." He didn't say... Now you know what the outsiders stood around said? "That man's a spiritualist. He's Beelzebub. That's the prince of all the devils." In other words: He was the best mind reader there was; he's the prince of the devils. But do you know what? Philip said, "Thou art the Son of God, the King of Israel." And he had eternal life.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**40** Now Jesus said, "The things that I do shall you also. More than this shall you do, for I go to My Father. You'll do more than this." Then if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, then He's here tonight. He's never left the earth, no more than He ascended up and come back in the form of the Holy Spirit on the day of Pentecost. He empowered the disciples and gave them power. And how far was it to go? Just to the disciples? Listen to His last commission. "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." Is that right? That's to all the world and to every creature in the world. And it's never got there yet. And how long was it to last? Unto all the world. Preach the Gospel. The Gospel is not word only. It's the Word made manifest. Paul said, "The Gospel come not in word only, but through power and demonstrations of the Holy Spirit. Now watch and see if that coincides with what He said. "Go into all the world. Preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned." Now today, that's just as far as the preacher goes. That's right. "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believes not shall be damned. And, (conjunction, connecting it) these signs shall follow them that believe." Oh, you're not taught that, are you? "These signs shall follow them that believe. In my name they shall cast out devils, speak with new tongues. If they take up serpents or drink deadly things, it will not harm them. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." That's right. Watch where them things are happening and you'll see the pillar of fire following the church. God vindicating it.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.

1 Thessalonians 1:5 For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**41** Paul was going down along the shore one day---was shipwrecked. He picked up some sticks and was throwing them on the fire. A big old snake grabbed him through the hand. He looked at it, said, "Well, God's done told me I was to appear at Rome. That thing doesn't hurt me," and shook it off in the fire. All the natives said, "Watch that fellow drop dead now." He turned around, picked up some more sticks, and turned around and began to warm himself. They said, "No, he's God." That's right. Why? He was so filled and charged with the Holy Spirit till the poison of that thing didn't even hurt him. He's the same Jesus tonight. He never fails. He's still the same Lord Jesus. Do you believe Him?

```
Acts 28:3 And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.

Acts 28:5 And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.

```
**42** I feel that He would have me to pray for the sick. Now, remember. Let's take a picture of what Jesus is now. Let's take... How many in here believes that there was a resurrection of the dead, and Jesus Christ is the firstfruits of those who slept? Thank you for your faith. Now, the Bible teaches in Hebrews 13:8 that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that true? Jesus said, "The things that I do shall you also." Is that right? And when He was here on earth, He didn't claim to be a healer. He didn't claim to be nothing but just the Son of God. He said, "I can do nothing till the Father shows me." But yet He could stand by a person and talk to them a little while and tell them what was the trouble. Is that right? Then the Father would give Him a vision---tell Him to go do a certain thing---He would do it.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:11 These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

John 11:15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**43** He gave Him a vision about the resurrection of Lazarus. Is that right? He left the house and went away. First day, sent for Him; He didn't come. Second day, sent; He just kept on going. Third day... Then He turned around and said, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth. And for your sake I'm glad I wasn't there, but I go wake him." That's right. "I go wake him." Now, notice. And when He come to the grave He said, "Father, I thank Thee that Thou has already heard Me. But for these that stands by I said this." See, He knew what was going to happen. If words don't condemn themselves, and the Bible don't condemn one part of the Scriptures... He said, "I do nothing till the Father shows me." That's right. "If thou canst believe," He said, "all things are possible." So you believe tonight. And let's ask our Lord Jesus if He'll rise on the scene tonight, take over our bodies, and faith, and power, and hover us together now. We've been having altar calls, and people getting saved, and coming to God. Now let's ask Him to heal the sick tonight. Shall we bow our heads while we speak to Him?

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:41 Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

John 11:42 And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.

```
**44** Now, dear heavenly Father, we're thankful for Thy written Word. And now I pray that, as I stand here representing You before these dear Christian friends here tonight in the church, I ask, dear God, that You'll come and take over the body of this old miserable man as I am. Just for Your glory, and because of Your election, because of Your calling. And speak and let Jesus Christ the Son of God come into Your servant's body. And speak to Your other servants, and may the same Jesus get into their bodies and speak back to the cross. And may great signs and wonders be accomplished tonight. Grant it, Father, for we ask it in Jesus' name, Thy beloved Child. Amen.

**45** Now I think we had the prayer cards Y given out Sunday night. And then, we haven't been given out any prayer cards then. So I think we'd taken it from the beginning of the first up to ... the first fifty part in there. Now tonight, let's take the last part of that hundred cards. Let's see. Y... Let's get about... We had twenty-five, I think, last night. Let's see, or last... Let's just take about fifteen tonight and try it. Let's say from 85, Y-85 to 100. Who has Y-85? Let's see; raise up your hand. The lady sitting here. All right. Would you come right over here, lady? 85. Who has 86? Someone has prayer card 86, Y-86? Would you come? Do you have it, lady, 86? All right. 87, 88, 88? Who has prayer card 88? Pardon. 88? 89? Who had prayer card Y-89? Is it not in... Someone, look around, maybe somebody deaf. Or, here I see a young man sitting in a wheelchair. Is that your prayer card, sir? All right. 89, is that...? Excuse me. 89, 90. Who has 90, Prayer card 90? 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100. Just line them up now and see if we can get those first. Maybe we can get right back in and get some more of them.

**46** If the organist on the organ will play for me, if you'll give me a chord. How many loves that old song: "Abide With Me"? I just feel like some great resurrection morning, that when all of life is over, and our work on earth is done; we've been home to the wedding supper, returned back for the Millennium. I just imagine a soft, angelic music sweeping through the air. The angels of God will be singing in the resurrection when we return back. I want Him to abide with me then, don't you? While she's playing this softly. Now, I'm going to ask you something. I'm going to ask you: How many in here that's needy, doesn't have prayer cards, they're not going to be up here tonight, say, "Brother Branham, remember me in prayer. I want God to have mercy on me and heal me tonight." Would you raise your hands? Everywhere ... wants God to heal you tonight, all right, just kind of a general idea where you are. Now, you don't need a prayer card, friends. A prayer card's just to line up: the only legitimate way we can do it.

**47** Now, if I look down this line of, I believe, fifteen or twenty people... Are they all there? All right. I do not believe there's a person in that line that I know, 'less it be that little lady that come off the platform here just a few minutes ago. And I don't even know her name. I know she sings here (that's all I know her), or goes to your church, or something. I don't know her. And I think that's the only person that I know of down along that line. Now, being here at home it's kind of difficult. There's some of the people I know. Mr. Woods and his wife here, I know them. And then I know this man sitting right here. Is it Garrett, is your name, brother? What? Bryant. I know you've been putting up that big sign outside of New Albany there with that sword splitting through the world or something, saying "The Word of God."... You're the man that did that, aren't you? That's what I thought. Then, this lady sitting right here, I don't know her, but she's been somewhere in a meeting with me somewhere, or something. Haven't I seen you somewhere, lady? Phoenix, Arizona. Phoenix, Arizona, over at the tabernacle in Carlsbad. I just remember seeing your face. And she looked familiar.

**48** And I'm not mistaken, I believe this a minister and his wife sitting right there. I can't call your name, but it sounds Jewish. Isn't that right? Wasn't you to my house and your wife was prayed for, or something sometime ago? I remember them. And... All right. I guess that's just... If I happen not to recognize you, excuse my ignorance, but I guess... Now, I see the man from the brother the same morning that Mrs. Shane from the Methodist church was healed. Had cancer on the liver, or something, from the Baptist church down here, him and his wife sitting right there. I remember him. Raise up your hand, brother. That's the brother right there. Yes.

**49** That's just about the limit as far as I know now, except these two girls here: Brother Cauble's daughter; the young lady here was just healed with tumors on the breast. I guess you heard her testimony. Her father's a noted physician here. And tumors on the breast; come right across the platform. God knows I knowed nothing about it. But I know she'd been suffering with a nervousness. Now, this is all what they told me. I can't say... I just have to go by what they say. Said that I spoke to her and told her that I knew her ... I knew she was nervous. But then, seen her daddy examine her and finding tumors on her breast; and that was true. And then spoke to her: "Thus saith the Lord, the operation won't be needful, for God will take them away." And now she's been examined by two or more doctors in the city; went right back to her father and examined her. There's not one trace of it anywhere, see. They're all gone ... all gone. Now, that's just our lovely Lord.

```
Exodus 15:26 And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

```
**50** Now there's others, perhaps, in here that's been healed of all different kinds of diseases and things, but I never healed anyone. And nobody else ever healed anyone, outside of God. "I'm the Lord that heals all thy diseases." I'm just His servant, was born in this world. Like Brother Caubles was born here to preach ... God sent him as a preacher; He sent me as a seer. And I just see visions, that's all. And I was born that way. It's nothing... The first thing I can remember was seeing a vision when I was a baby. It's not only just like this; it foretells things for months, and weeks, and years to come. And I ask anybody in this building here, at any time or anywhere you want to, one time I'm ... (Excuse, I see my dear old mother sitting here. I looked right over the top of her, her and Brother and Sister Simms.) and from any time that it ever did speak but what it absolutely come to pass just exactly the way it said it would. Excepting of this one thing that just to happen, when I get overseas. It's wrote in my Bible. I can give you a copy of it if you want. Watch and see. If you don't see it in the papers, religious papers and things, at least, just exactly what it says here.

**51** All right. Now call up your... Oh, this is the patient. Now, I want... Remember, to you Christian people, these things are terrible. And it's not a practice of something. It's absolutely the Lord Jesus Christ in His resurrected power. As a power given to the people, not to heal, but to preach, teach. It's all under inspiration. None of you ministers sitting here would want to say you just ... no such a thing as inspiration. You wouldn't want to say you preach your sermon by yourself. You ask God to help you. It's inspiration. Why couldn't your brother, or somebody next to you, preach the same as you can? He wasn't called for it. You were the one that was called. Doesn't make you any better than he is if he's a Christian, but God set you for a preacher, and maybe him for a lay member, see. "God set in the church..." And now, in these things... I say this now because it's a state law, most of the states, that I will not be responsible for critics or unbelievers, from this part of the meeting on out to the end. The Lord bless you. I know His presence is here. The Angel of the Lord is near. He's here now. And you all who have His picture know, and you'll see at the day of judgment, He isn't standing five feet from where I am right now. That's right. It's not me. He just walks in, I lose myself, then He speaks. The Lord bless you.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

```
**52** And now if you're a critic, anything happens, I'm not responsible; but I am to a Christian, 'cause by God's grace we can make it leave a Christian. But we can't on a critic, all right, because it's punishment. You'd have to repent. So now, the Lord bless you now. And may you all... Don't move around, for whatever you do, don't leave your seat. Just stay right where you are for the next few minutes, and believe. And if the Lord Jesus Christ will come here to the platform, tonight now, and will perform the same things that He done in Galilee, and around over the country, will you accept Him for your healing and Saviour and all? Will you do it? Raise your hand, say, "I will. I'll believe it with all my heart." God bless you. Now, in the face of that, may He do it. Now in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit here under my control for God's glory. All right, now. The lady ... to come. Now just... I want the audience to be reverent, and just listen. And I want the patients just to look this way, and just believe, and just speak as I ask. And I want you in the audience to be just a reverent as you can be. And just obey just what you're told to do, but listen close what He says.

**53** And now, I want to talk to the lady. I believe the lady is a stranger to me. I've never seen you in my life, but God knows both of us, doesn't He? And this is our first time meeting. All right. [The lady says, "I was here last night."] You were ... Ma'am? ["I was here last night."] All right. She was here last night, but last night was just preaching as far as I know. They said, right at the last, it got to calling people out through the audience, there, of different diseases and healing them. Now, if we be strangers, perhaps, maybe along the same age, maybe raised somewhere different in the country. First time of ever meeting in our lives. If there's anything about you, or anything that I would know, it would have to come through God some way. Is that right? Or maybe some secret sin in your life. Maybe you're here wanting financial something. Maybe you're here to ask God for some other loved one, or burden, or something on that order, that's on your heart or something. I don't know. But whatever it is, well, you just come to me to intercede for you as an intercessor to help you to receive Christ. 'Cause I perceive that you are a Christian when you come up here; you're a believer.

**54** Now, then if Jesus of Nazareth was here, and was standing here, He'd perhaps talk to you like I'm talking to you. He talked to a woman at the well one day. He said, "Bring Me a drink." She said, "The well's deep. You have nothing to draw with," and so forth, and the conversation went on. He went right straight to where her trouble was. She had a trouble, and that trouble was five husbands. He said... And she said, "I perceive that You're a prophet." And she ran into the city and said, "Come see a man that told everything I ever done." He didn't do that. He just told her one thing, but He found her trouble. And when He found her trouble, He spoke it to her. That was the remedy. Now, if He has risen from the dead, and I claim that He's sent me to represent Him just as the same as Brother Caubles represented Him in another way, then He can do the same thing for you. And if He would say the same thing to you, would you be happy and be ready to go tell people that Jesus Christ has raised from the dead? You would. Well may the Lord bless you, my sister, and help you.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**55** Now, you just look to me as God's servant. You're conscious that something's going on. You don't know exactly what it is, but it's something that you know. So the audience ... sometimes I get under that anointing, I don't, you know, I don't realize where I'm at, but people know it. And the audience might know that the woman absolutely knows that there's something going on right now. If that's right, raise up your hand, lady. Now what it is, is that angel anointing. It's moving between she and I. And now in this dimension, which is now... And it just keeps breaking like a breath. I see it look real milky before us. Now it just moves out. Here it's just like a fading in, coming in. That's the way you can feel it, just like waves. Now here it comes again, in like that, moves back. Here it is. I see something opening around. It's you going into a place. It's a hospital. And you've had an operation that's been... I see someone standing here holding two fingers. It's been two years ago since that operation. You are... It's an angelic being standing near a door. Now it's something in your side. It's troubling your side and your ribs. Is that right? You're going to get well, sister. I see you later on in a... Oh, Almighty God, I pronounce blessings to my sister. And may she go and receive this blessing in Jesus Christ's name. God bless you. [The lady says, "That's the truth."] Ma'am? [That's the truth."] Now, what He said that was in your back life, was it true? ["Yes, sir."] Well, what He says the future will be is just as true as that'll be. ["I was operated on for cancer two years ago."] God bless you. All right. Now you can go and be made well. Jesus Christ healed you. You're conscious that something's happened to you too, haven't you, lady? Yes. If that's right, would you raise your hand, just say it? That's right. God bless you. Wonderful.

**56** Do you believe Him. The only thing you have to do is have faith. Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." Now just be reverent. That's the same thing our... Where'd that lady go that was just healed? Oh, it's the lady sitting next to you, praying. Do you believe me to be His servant, lady? With all your heart? You're suffering with, something wrong with the blood. Isn't that right. It's a low blood pressure. Is that right? Stand up on your feet if that's right. Jesus Christ the Son of God make you well, sister. Go home and believe. Amen. Have faith in God; don't doubt. Only believe, and you shall see the glory of God. Amen.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**57** All right. Come. How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that Jesus Christ the Son of God is here to make you well? to heal you? Well, if you're conscious of His presence, you know that something's here besides your brother, isn't it? I'm not reading her mind, now; stop thinking that. I'm not. Remember your thoughts is here just the same... Well, you say, "That's to read your mind." Well, Jesus did the same thing: perceived their thoughts. Do you believe that, sir, with all your heart? If you did, and wanted to believe it with all your heart, you'd get over that rupture you got. Do you believe it? Well then, stand up on your feet and be made well in the name of Jesus Christ. God bless you. Go. Amen. Oh, you've got some kind of spells. It's a... No, it isn't epilepsy. It's some kind of a fainting, or passing out. Oh, you've had an accident, an automobile accident that's caused a fainting spell, and you just pine away and pass out. Isn't that right? Come here. Oh, Jesus, Son of God, have mercy upon her now, as I lay hands, as the anointing of the Holy Spirit is here in the room. And now, may it go to this woman and give her faith, and may she not have this trouble, whatever it may be, anymore. I condemn it in the name of Jesus, the Son of God. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go now in peace. God's blessings be upon you. All right. Have faith.

**58** Come. How do you do, sir. I suppose, maybe, us being strangers in this life, but God knows both of us. He's fed us, He's been with us, and all that we have comes from God. I'm only trying to contact your spirit, my dear brother, just so that God's blessings could rest. Now, just a moment. It has left me and it's pulling this way. It's a man sitting here praying, looking right at me. Oh, it's for that child there. It's going blind; its eyes. Is that right? Lay your hand over on the little fellow there, and I'll ask God's blessing. Father, I pray that You'll heal that child, and may it not be bothered any more. In Jesus' name, heal its eyes. Amen. Have faith, brother. It's going to be all right.

**59** Now, I want to talk to you just a moment. Do you believe me to be God's servant? [The man says, "Amen. With all my heart."] I believe that. And you're conscious of something moving between you and I now. Now, you're suffering with a nervous condition. You just get to a place, look like you're just going to lose your mind. Say, you're a minister, too. Yes, sir. You're a minister. You just opened up a new work in a place, a mission work. ["That's true. Absolutely."] And that place is in Indiana. ["Yes, sir."] Muncie, ["That's right. That's right."] Indiana. And another thing, you're wanting me to lay hands on you for empowerment of a blessing for your ministry. And I see you picking up a letter that's got a name on it. It's your name, 'cause it's got "Reverend George G. B-u-t-z," or something like that. Is that true? ["That's correct. Absolutely."] Go, sir. Jesus Christ is going to grant you the desire of your heart through His blessings. Amen. God bless you. Let's say "Thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Just have faith. Back in the audience, believe with all your heart and you shall see the glory of God. The Lord Jesus Christ, who has raised from the dead, stands here in this audience now. His great magnificent being, the anointed One from on glorious high, who blowed the worlds off from His hands as it was, who created all things by Christ Jesus, has come up from the dead, and shed forth this what you do now see and hear. It is not your brother; it's being submissive to the Holy Spirit. Do you believe it?

```
1 Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**60** You're having trouble with your neck, sitting there, aren't you, lady? sitting there with the little yellow scarf. Isn't that right? You was praying just then. You had your head down and you asked God, "If You'll let Brother Branham turn around and speak to me, I'll accept my healing." Isn't that what you was praying about? Isn't that what the words you said? If it is, raise up your hand. Stand up to your feet now; therefore, Jesus Christ heals your neck, and you can go home. How did I hear your prayer? You just don't realize what a place you're in just now. You're under His power. The whole audience is under the domination of the Holy Spirit. Praise be to God!

**61** All right. Excuse me, lady. I believe I recognize you. You're the lady that sang here the other night. But in knowing anything of you otherwise, you're the judge. I know nothing about you as far as ... no more than just seen you that you was singing here when I ... something another. But God knows all about you, sister. He's knowed you since you were born. And I know that you're a believer, and you believe in me as your brother. You do. Your trouble... You've got a sinus, or something, that bothers you. You've got a hemorrhoid. It's a rectal trouble. Isn't that the truth? This is your husband sitting here. There's some kind of a something moving between you all. Look here, young man, just a moment. Oh, I see a person that's standing here. It's your mother-in-law. And she lives in a place where there's a lot of lakes or something. It's Michigan. And she's a crippled woman. Is that right? Almighty God, let Thy mercies come now, and bless this, Lord ... this blessing. And we ask it in Jesus Christ's name that this will be for Your glory. Amen. God bless you. May the peace of God rest upon you. I lay hands on you for the blessing while the anointing is here. Amen. Amen.

**62** Have faith in God. All right. (Is this the patient?) Do you believe? Then if a man says anything, as a man, you've got a right to doubt the man. But when God testifies that it's the truth, then you've got no right to doubt God, but to say that it's the truth. And I have testified to you that Jesus Christ the Son of God rose from the dead, and promised the same things that He did will be done also. And here He is tonight, doing the same things that He did when He was here. Do you want to get over that head trouble you're having? You believe that God'll make you well of it? If you do, you can have it. God bless you. Go home, be made well. And you with the arthritis sitting right there, He healed you too, a few minutes ago. Just have faith and don't doubt.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**63** Bring the... (Is this your patient, Dr. Cauble? Excuse me. I'm getting weak, now. I don't...) Come near. Do you believe? Do you believe me to be God's servant? Well, I'm a stranger to you, or you're a stranger to me. I suppose we're strangers, aren't we? [The lady say, "Well, I've been around several of the meetings."] You've been around several of the meetings. I mean, to know you, I don't know you. I don't know you, but God knows both of us. All right. Then if I could do anything for you, and wouldn't do it, I'd be a brute. But if I could do something for you, and if I could give you your desire, I'd do it, but I can't. But by being born in the world to see visions, and in His presence, which you're sure now, that you're standing... 'Cause I believe, under this anointing, you'd probably pass away into eternity. Do you believe me then, with all your heart? You're not even from this city. You've come from another state. And that's adjoining state on the north, which is Ohio. Is that right? And you're having trouble. You had... You've had some serious trouble since you've been here. You had a heart attack. They've had you in the hospital since you've been here. You got a gall bladder trouble. Is that the truth? ["That's the truth."] Oh Lord, Creator of heavens and earth, I condemn this disease, and ask it to go from her that she can go to her home normally and well. And while Your anointed presence is here, that we're both aware of, and know that someday we'll have to stand in Your presence, now may this pass from her. And may she go and be well in Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. God bless you, sister. Return happy, healthy, and love God all your life. All right.

**64** How God would heal this whole audience if people at this very time if you believe with all your heart. If you just have faith and don't doubt. That's all I ask you to do, is to believe Jesus Christ the Son of God. Now, no matter whether you're up here, or whether you're out there ... [break in tape] . Do you believe with all your heart? You do? Before God you say that; you understand that. And there's a vibration, or moving in a channel came through the audience a few moments ago. It's left now. They thought is was mental telepathy of reading a mind. But it is not. I've never looked at the woman. I want you to lay your hand on my shoulder, lady. Do you believe me to be God's servant? I'm telling you the truth? If I shall ask God, and He'll tell me what's your trouble, will you accept Jesus as your healer? You will? You got heart trouble. If that's right, raise up your hand, now. Now, go and be made well in Jesus Christ's name. You shall have what you've asked for. God bless you. All right.

**65** All right, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? You want to be made well? Life hasn't been a flowerbed of ease for you, though you've had many trials, and ups and downs. You've been extremely nervous all your life, especially in this time, just about the age you're coming into now to be nervous and upset. It makes it more than ever, because it's entering the menopause stage of life. But in your life, you've always desired a closer walk with God. Do yet today, trying to all the time. Now, between you and I, is dripping some blood. And it's turning kind of to a white color. You're anemic. Is that right? Now, let's just go to Calvary now, by faith, to a blood transfusion. Almighty God, may the blood of Jesus Christ bring back the life to the blood of my sister. And may she go from here and get well, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, and the peace of God rest upon you, and make you well.

**66** All right. (Is this the little boy?) Come here, sonny. All right. This is a very fine boy. He's just a little excited, of course, the child, like. And that's anointing touching the little lad now. Look, honey boy, when our Lord Jesus was here on earth, He would take little children like you, and He would sit down and put His hands upon them and bless them. And they'd get well. And, do you ever like to hear your Sunday School teacher talk about that, when Jesus was here, how He'd bless the little boys and girls? Well now, He went up to heaven and come back again in the form of the Holy Spirit. Now, if He was here, He would tell you what was wrong with you. Is that right? And then, you'd get well. You believe that, don't you, honey? You believe those kidneys are going to get well? That's what was wrong with you, wasn't it?---kidney trouble. If that's right, raise up your little hand so that... Now, you come here just a minute. Heavenly Father, I bless this child, and condemn this trouble in his body, and ask it to leave. In the name of Jesus Christ, may it go. Amen. God bless you, honey. You could go back to your folks and tell them you're going to be well now. Don't fear, sister. He'll be all right, now. It'll all leave him. He'll get all right.

**67** All right. Would you come? Are you believing with all your heart? And realizing that one of these days that you and I are going to have to stand in His presence to give an account of our lives. Then it behooves us to live like Christians, doesn't it? To live true and to live upright before God. You realize that you have something wrong with you now that could take your life if it goes a little farther? That's the condition of the female gland. But do you believe that God would heal you now, and make you well? You accept it that way? God bless you. It's gone from you now. Now, the reason that I did that---waiting on the woman---was just because that I knowed she was healed while she was standing here. God healed the woman while she was standing here, to make her well.

**68** And I know that in this building just now, you'll never know how weak that made... Look at the sweat on top of my hand, see. I'm just about to crumble and hit the platform. It's all getting milky all around over the building and everything. Remember, the Lord turned around and said, "Strength has gone out of Me." Now, I'm not Him, but it's Him, the One doing the... If it was God in the Lord Jesus Christ, in that virgin-born body, made Him feel when anyone touched Him by faith, what do you think it would do to a sinner like me that's just been converted and brought into the way? Every one of you, do you believe with all your heart? Hear me now as God's servant: I tell you the truth. Every person in here, according to the Word of God, is healed right now. Do you believe it? I want you to do something. We could bring line after line, but I want you to lay hands over on one another, and let me pray just before going farther. Lay your hands over on each other that's wants to be made well. Oh, my! If you could stand here and just see how well pleased the Holy Spirit is with that, with your hands on one another.

```
Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**69** Kind loving Father, as my strength is so swiftly going, and my legs will hardly hold me any longer, truly I understand why You could lay in the back of a boat after a healing service and not even the waves wake You up. Now I ask for mercy. There's many mothers, and dads, and sisters, and brothers, sitting here tonight that's really needy. In the beginning trying to speak a little sermon; and now You came on the scene and really confirmed that it was the truth. Now hear my prayer, dear God, with the simplicity in my heart, I offer it with sincere faith. Hear me, my Lord. May the lovely Holy Spirit just now settle down over each of these people. And may all the doubt be moved away. And may God Himself just touch a little special blessing to every heart, and give them faith that they know that Your presence is near. Oh, eternal One, grant it, through Jesus Thy Son. Brother Caubles, finish this prayer out.
