---
Date: 1954-12-31
Title: Everlasting Life and how to receive it
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 19 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Everlasting Life and how to receive it



**1** ... here tonight to hear these testimonies and the different expressions of thanksgiving to God, for what He has been to them through this past year. And I want to join my testimony with them. Was thinking, the sisters back there testifying to the "bread upon the water," and Brother Slaughter. And Brother Graham, talking about "when the wheels of mortal life all stand still." Maybe misunderstood here, but there before the throne, God knows all about all things. So we're just here tonight to kind of... I don't believe in turning a new page, or something like that, you just turn it back the next day. But if we'll just come and give ourself to God for worship, and thank Him for what we ha... He has been to us, and ask Him to continue to be with us, is just about the best.

**2** Just a little tired tonight. I had some people last night, company, and I stayed up a little long. And today we were out, practically all day, and so just feeling just a little bit tired. And won't stay very long up here. But I want to turn the pulpit then to Brother Funk, and he's our speaker. And then Brother Woods, I think, is going to follow him. And then, so [someone speaks] . He said today, I wouldn't say that here, but he just did. I seen Brother Funk sitting back there, shaking his head. That's a little joke on him, brethren. But that's right, they sure got the privilege of following right along now in a few minutes. So we have many speakers here tonight, you know. So we got three hours left, and so we'll try to just hurry right along as quick as we can. Sometimes...

**3** Just this little thing that I want to say at this time, is concerning sister's testimony there. Sister Ledford, I believe, is the name. I have kind of made a new order here, as you know, a few weeks ago, about people calling up the office. And then Brother Cox and them will rehearse the case to me, whatever it is. And let me go just as I feel led to go. And, oh, my! That's the way to do it. The other morning, looking over ... and different calls. There was Sister Lake, and her boy was in an accident. I believe Brother Cox told me that---Brother Cox. And they had the spleen taken out, and laying at the point of death. And another brother that I was just out in the mountains with this year on a trip, and he is laying there, hemorrhaging at the bowels, perhaps cancer. And in California, oh, just everywhere of different people that was sick. And I had been out to prayer. And I come in, and my wife had told me that Brother Slaughter had called, something about a little ... or, Sister Slaughter, one, about the little girl that was up here the other Sunday. I just walked in and sat down. I thought, Well, dear God, I got all these. And I was praying for them all. And what do You want me to do? And I kept hearing something about a little baby. Well, I went back to look, see what we had about a little baby. And I called down to Sister Cox to find out if anything about a little baby. No one seemed to know anything about a baby. It wasn't a vision. But just a pressing in the Spirit, to get a little baby, about a little baby sick. Well, the only thing I could find, close, was that baby they were talking about, from down in Kentucky. Well, it didn't seem like, when they mentioned that, it just didn't register right, somehow. And I thought, perhaps, maybe a vision would come just in a little bit. But it wasn't ... didn't turn to be a vision. And I kept wondering. I went back over into my room alone, to pray. And I thought, Where about that baby? Is there anywhere I could think of a baby?

**4** And last Sunday, or Sunday a week, or something like that, I was sitting back there. And a little girl come, whispered in my ear, behind me, said, "Pray for my little sister, baby sister." And it was the little Ledford girl. She may be here tonight; I don't know. She's a little bitty fellow, very cute little girl. And I just happened to turn around. I said, "All right, sweetheart," like that. And so I just kind of bowed my head over and started praying for the baby. And just went on, forgot about it. And just as soon as that come on my mind, something taken place, and I knew then that that was God. So then I went and asked Meda where they lived. And she didn't know exactly, so we looked in the phone book and got their number. And I said, "Something... They've got a sick baby, I believe. Or a week ago, or something, a week or ten days ago, they had a sick baby." So I said, "There is something about that. Now, you watch." And I called down there and no one answered. Well, then I called back to Mrs. Cox, and got the lady here, her mother. And so I called her mother, and she said, "Why..." I told her what it was. And she may be here tonight. I'm sorry, I don't recognize the woman. I might know her if I'd see her face. But she told me that the baby was in the hospital, very bad, and was giving it a blood transfusion at the time. Well, I said, "Sister, I don't know. I can't say it's a vision now, because it's not, but just something that I can't move. It's just pressing me to that baby." And I could just, look like, just that baby before me. So I went on. And I said, "I won't go now, 'cause I know it'll take some time to give it the transfusion." And they give it through the head here, I think, so they... I know it's very painful and bad. So I just waited, went in and prayed for the baby. And I made ready. I thought, This is the place where the Lord is leading me.

**5** And I rushed out to the hospital, and asked to see the baby. And they sent me where the baby was. And in the room, I met the mother, which is sitting present now. And she told me her mother had got a hold of her about an hour before that, or something like that, and had told her that the Lord was pressing on me to go to that baby. And when she returned to the bed, the baby was laying there, kicking, gooing and laughing. So I went in, and the little chap was just a kicking and a laughing, nursed its little bottle, and everything; just as normal as any child you ever seen in your life. And I just laid my hands over on the little fellow, now see, and blessed it, and walked out of the building. And I just heard the mother say, a few moments ago, they've done took it home. So that was yesterday when it happened, and today the baby is home well. That is better than me making a hundred calls, within myself. To be quiet before the Lord, so He can tell you just where to go, and every time it's perfect, see. It's the Lord leading. Now somebody say, "Well, you go over here, Brother Branham. You go down here." You get in such a turmoil, to this one, and that one, that one ... God can't speak to you. If you'd just sit down, say, "Thank You." Lay it before the Lord. Say, "Now, Lord, what do You want me to do about this? Now, you know I'm Your servant, and what..." But, see, the Lord knowing that I would go there as soon as He spoke to my heart, He healed the baby before I even got there. That's right, see. Yes, sir. See, it wasn't me going there. Now, you say, "What was that, Brother Branham?" See, we have gifts in the body of Christ. And the Holy Spirit itself, knowing what that was, the intercession there, the Holy Spirit was pressing upon me to that baby. And as soon as I prayed for the baby, even at home, and went to the baby because that was to fulfill what He said. It was the Holy Spirit making intercessions there, on things that we can't understand even, see. Isn't He wonderful?

**6** I tell you, friends, tonight I got so much to be thankful for. I just don't know how to start, and I wouldn't even try. I've got... I don't know. I'm just going to read a few words here in the Scripture, and talk on them a few minutes, the Lord willing. But, first, I want to express my gratitude to Jesus Christ, the Son of God, that has saved me and has washed me in His own blood, and give me this grand and glorious hope, that someday I will see Him face to face. And I will not stand there in condemnation, because His blood has already redeemed me. And I am redeemed tonight by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. What He has given me, to be fellow citizen of the same kingdom that you all are going to, and we together are joint heirs with Him in glory. What a marvelous thing it is.

**7** And I was sitting last evening, talking to some people who's present at the time---and today, way down in below Elisabeth, at a brother's table, where we were sitting having dinner today---and we were speaking about the fundamental facts ... or, fundamental Gospel that we have, and what a reality beyond any shadow of doubt. We have no room at all, for any doubt. This tabernacle, and the people, its members, and the people of Jeffersonville and around about, will stand at the judgment. If we're not saved, we will stand absolutely without an excuse.

**8** Sometime ago, as a young minister, when my first revival come, I had it over here on the corner, where there's a housing project, in a tent. I was baptizing a group down at the river that Sunday afternoon, when the Angel of the Lord made His first appearance in public, in a vindication of the message that I was to speak. And it was a light came down from heaven and stood there. People are perhaps in the tabernacle tonight who stood and seen that light. And I started forth, telling it, and so forth. And all you know how the story goes, and on and on. And people sometime would walk away, and say, "That's just imagination." They'd leave a meeting where people would see it, and walk away, say, "I saw it." Others say, "Well, I didn't see it." Now, of course, God lets see who He wants to see. When the wise men followed the stars, there's not one speck of history, or any observatory, or anything... And they even kept time by the stars. But no one seen that star but the wise men (see, that's right) because they were looking for it. And they were expecting to see it, and it guided them to the Christ. And yet, it passed over every observatory, as the people looked at the skies, to tell the times, and so forth. But nobody seen it going but the wise men, for it was intended for them to see it. If God intends for you to see something, you'll see it. Elisha standing at Dothan that time, and he looked around. And the servant looked out, and said, "Oh, look at..." The Assyrians were encamped about. Elisha said, "Why, there's more with us than there is with them." He looked around, he couldn't see nothing but Elisha standing there. He said, "God," said, "open this young man's eyes, Lord." And with the same eyes, only visual eyes, that, when he opened his eyes, around that prophet stood chariots of fire and horses of fire. It was... It's somewhere. And we know that His presence is with His believing children. I was speaking ... I said... In the room sat my wife, and we was talking about that same light, where it come and had its picture taken. And just referring back tonight to that phenomena, I believe at least one or two people ... three people, I guess there was, in the building now. Which is David back there, Brother Woods, and Sister Woods was at Houston, Texas, when the picture, when God permitted it to be taken. Now, if you stood tonight and looked at that Angel circling... There is many of you in here, perhaps, has never seen it. But see that light, a pillar of fire that led the children of Israel, that come into the prison cell with Peter and delivered him from the prison---this same Angel of the Lord. And here it is, after all those hundreds, yes, thousands of years, it's still here with us now, see. And it's had his picture taken standing, where I was standing. Now, not for me, but for the church, for the body of believers. See, it's to everyone. Now, notice.

```
2 Kings 6:17 And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.

```
**9** I believe that it was actually a pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. Don't you believe that? Just a pillar of fire. And I actually believe that that light come into the prison, where Peter was at. Don't you believe that testimony? I believe it with all my heart, just more than I believe my name is William Branham. I believe that, see. I believe that story. But yet, we have a more stricter fundamental proof of it than that. We do. We have a more stricter fundamental proof. Now, I believe that by faith. And what if the Angel of the Lord was standing here now, circling, and every one of your eyes would be visualized to see it? That would be pretty good. But to look at the picture of it is far more proof than what if you was looking at it with your eyes, see. Isn't that right? Because, you could have an optical illusion. But that mech... That camera won't take an optical illusion. It won't do it, because it's a camera. And it will take the actual picture. It has to be there, to strike the lens, see. You can have optical illusions, and things that looks like it is when it's not, see. But when the picture that... And it could be psychology. You can say, "You see that there?" And you just keep saying, "Yes, I believe it." And believe it so much till actually you think you see it, when you don't, see. That's right. But that's psychology. But you... It's just got you so mentally pressed towards it, till you just imagine it, imagine it so much till it becomes a reality. You just imagine somebody hates you, once. And they don't hate you, but you imagine they do. And you just keep thinking, "They don't like me." And the first thing, you'll be shunning that person, when they haven't done nothing to you. And after awhile, it become so a reality to you, till you'll actually believe that that person doesn't like you. And you might bawl them out, or say something to you. For instance your wife, or your husband, or some neighbor, or something like that, when the person is absolutely innocent of any ill thing. It's because that you just imagine it so, till it become a reality to you. Now, see what I mean? But actually, when a photograph is taken, it's got to be there.

**10** So tonight we have went through, as Brother Graham expressed a while ago, the many ups and downs of the church, and so forth. We've been through many dangers, toils and snares. That's been classed different, said we were indifferent, and holy-rollers, and all kinds of names and so forth, like that. But yet, in the midst of all of it, if this tabernacle would be burnt down tonight, and I should die, and the rest of you should go too tonight, our testimony is absolutely the truth. There's millions of people that has knowed of it. And the scientific proof proves, not only our word, what we have said before the light. Before the Angel ever had His picture taken, it was testified since a child that that light come along. Years... Many of you sitting here, heard me speak of it years and years, and knowed all about it, years and years before the picture was ever taken. And when the scientific world got the picture of it, it was exactly the same thing that we testified about. So that shows you're telling the truth. It's absolutely the truth.

**11** So tonight I am so thankful to know that the great Jehovah God, that once roared off of Mount Sinai, that once stood on the mount and taught the beatitudes, that raised from the dead, is in our midst tonight, and is the same. As He was then, He is today, and will be forever. And to think that He, the God of heaven, would humiliate Himself to come down and associate with such as myself and us here, poor people, not much of this world's goods. And just illiterate, I am. And yet He loved me so, that He came down and saved me by His grace. Nothing I deserved or could not do, but He saved me, because before the foundation of the world was, He predestinated me to be saved, in His own foreknowledge, before the world began. And every other man that's saved, He did the same thing for them. Oh, what a marvelous thing! What a wonderful opportunity it is! And my whole heart's desire is, for this year, if God will hear my prayer...

**12** I may not be able to stay now till the full midnight. I got two little girls back there that gets sleepy, and goes whining and crying. I may have to run them out first. And I want to say this, if I don't get a chance to get back up and testify, that I want to thank each one of you for your prayer that you have prayed this year for me. If you ever let me down, I'm gone. It's just as you hold me up in prayer, that's how I go on to the battle. And I love you, as a brother said a while ago, with all my heart. I don't get to get here like I should. I don't get to see the people and minister at home like I want to, like my heart is. But I'm just a human, and I'm very much limited to certain hours and certain strengths, and so forth. And now... But by God's help, if he will help me, I want this year to be the greatest year I've ever had in my life. I have now, by God's grace, won over a half a million souls to Christ. And I hope at this year to make it the full million, if God willing. Because, if God willing, I want to start down through the foreign countries again, just as soon as we're financially, and so forth, able to do it. And get into the other countries over there, where we win so many thousands at one time. And I know that the day is nigh. The hours are way spent. Twilight is falling, friends. And I want to do all that I can, for this is the only time that you and I will ever be mortal. This is the only time we will ever have the privilege, of all eternity to win someone to Christ. Let's do it, everything that we can do. Let's put every hour that we possibly can, to His glory. That's my intention for this coming year. And by God's help, your prayers, I'll make it. So pray for me now.

**13** And now, let's bow our heads just a moment for the opening of the Word. Father, this is Thy eternal Word laying here before me. "No man in heaven, or on earth, was worthy to take the book, loose the seals, or look thereon, but the Lamb that was slain from the foundation of the world." Now, we call Him. And if we have found grace in Thy sight, we pray, O Lamb of God, that You will take these few moments now, as we turn back the pages of Thy Word, and open it to our hearts. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Revelation 5:4 And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon.

Revelation 5:5 And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.

```
**14** Now, I was going to study just a little while this afternoon, on a few things to talk on for tonight, but I didn't get in in time to do so. So my wife come on down with Billy, and I had to just reach in and just thumb through the Bible. And I thought, Well, I'll go over that Melchisedec. And I thought, Oh my! If I got on that, the other brothers wouldn't have a time to speak. And so on that, I'm holding that off for in a few days, the Lord willing, when we have a lot of time. And then I found the tenth chapter of the Acts, speaking of the early church. If anyone desires, and have a Bible, that would turn to Acts the tenth chapter, for just a little exhortation for a few moments. And while you're turning, I'll give a little preview of the back. Last Sunday, a week ago, I believe now ... or, last Sunday it was, a week ago, that we studied in the book of Acts, concerning the early church. We were in Acts 2, I believe. Where when they being let go, and went to their... Peter told them about how they had to "repent, and to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and receive the Holy Ghost."

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

```
**15** Now, I'd like to make a little expression. Is anything all right, tonight, from the platform? [Brother Neville says, "Amen."] Look, see, everyone has always said, "Brother Bill, nobody understands you." Well, I am maybe just a little bit queer, but, you know, but I don't mean to be. But I have ideas of things, and my convictions. Now, I have been thoroughly... I'm thoroughly convinced that many things that's in the Scripture, that's apostolic, that we don't carry out this day. For instance one thing, many people has said "How, when you're out in those evangelistic meetings, how do you get thirty thousand people to the altar to get saved?" They don't have to come to the altar to get saved. The only thing they have to do is believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. That right?

**16** I just want to ask you something, and you think of it, then I'll get your letters this next week, see. I can't be a Catholic. But the Catholic believes this Word is inspired, but the church is over the Word. I can't be a Protestant, for the Protestant just take as much as they think it's all right, and the rest of it ain't inspired. So I believe what the Bible says to be the truth. I believe that that's God's Word. In order to believe that, I've got to surrender my whole life and my whole will to that, to believe that that is the truth, that there's nothing else truth but that. There is no more to be added to it, or none taken away from it. That's just the way it's supposed to be. "And anybody that'll take out of that book, or add to it, the same will be taken out of the book of life," said God, in Revelations. "Whosoever taketh away, or addeth to this." That is God's complete will and revelation of Jesus Christ, to the people. That's right. Now, in order to do that, I must believe that God's Word is absolutely the truth.

```
Revelation 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

Revelation 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

```
**17** And in Acts 2:38, when Peter said, "Repent, every one of you." They said, "Men and brethren, what can we do first?" They wanted to be saved. Now, watch. He's talking there to unbelievers. Now, watch what he said. He said, "Repent, every one of you." Now, what does repent mean? Repent means "to be sorry for what you've done." For instance, what if I turned right around here now and hit my brother without a cause, and I want to repent for it. I'd say, "Brother Neville, I'm sorry I did that," see. Well then, if I say, "I'm sorry I did it," and mean it from my heart, I am repentant. And if I'm sorry for my sins and ask God to forgive me, I am repentant. Is that right? All right. Peter said, "Repent, (or be sorry for your sins) and then be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Is that true? All right. At the house, when Paul and Silas had had the meeting, and had been put in jail, beaten, because they cast the evil spirit out of a fortuneteller. And when they were in the Philippian jail, and that night, when they sang songs, and they... The Lord sent an earthquake, and shake the jail so hard till it ... the shackles fell off their hands. The jailer pulled his sword to kill himself. And Paul said, "See that you do yourself no harm, for we're all here." And he said, what could he do to be saved? He said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, with all your heart, and you shall be saved, you and your household. Notice, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ."

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 16:25 And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.

Acts 16:26 And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.

Acts 16:27 And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.

Acts 16:28 But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.

Acts 16:29 Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,

Acts 16:30 And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?

Acts 16:31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.

```
**18** Now, if a man is sorry for his sins... I just want to take it easy, so it'll soak real deep. If a man is sorry for his sins and repents (being sorry for his sins) and accepts Jesus Christ as his Saviour, from his sins, and is baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, God is under obligation at that very minute to give the man the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If He isn't, He didn't keep His Word. Is that right? Now, why all the tarrying meetings then? Why all the evidences and things we got to have?

**19** Now, Jesus said (Saint John 5:24), " He that heareth my word, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath everlasting life." Now, if everlasting life... what does the word everlasting mean? That means, "without end." If he... "He that heareth my words, and believeth on Him that sent me, has life without end." Why, all the coming back and trying to get saved over, and all these things then? If you got life without end, you can't perish. Your life can't, because you got everlasting life. Now, if some of you might want to look the word up, you'll find in there---the Greek word---has zoe, z-o-e, the Greek word, which means "the life of God." Because if it's everlasting... There is only one thing that is everlasting, and that is God. He is, "From everlasting unto everlasting, Thou art God." Now, if He is from everlasting unto everlasting, and has give you everlasting unto everlasting life, then you will have to become a part of His everlasting being. Is that right? And if you become a part of His everlasting being, that makes you a son or a daughter to Him; which exactly fulfills what the Scripture says: We're sons and daughters of God. Is that right?

```
Psalm 90:2 Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**20** When did you get it? When you shouted? When you went to the altar? When you spoke in tongues? When you believed. We baptize so many that don't believe. We hear so many speak in tongues that don't believe. We have worked them up to evidences, and made things, and laid them out, say, "When you do this, you got it." There is nothing in the Bible, nowhere in the Bible, that you can pin a man down: because he does this, that he's a Christian. He's a Christian because he believes and his own life bears the fruit of the Spirit, no matter what he does, see. That's it. Now, and when you believe, you receive everlasting life. And everlasting life is God, and God is the Holy Spirit. Is that right? If God and the Holy Spirit isn't the same person, Jesus had two fathers. Jesus said that God was His Father, and the Bible says that the Holy Ghost was His Father, so they both was the same person. And if you receive God, everlasting life in you, then what have you received? That's what I want to know. You get the idea?

```
Luke 1:35 And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.

John 8:42 Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.

```
**21** We're so full of theory, the church has been, because it's been denominationalized. This denomination finds this; they believe in this; they make a denomination out of it. They can't move no farther than that. But God's church is constantly moving, moving on. It just moves right off and leaves the denominations sitting in the back. It moved away from Luther. It moved away from Methodist. It moved away from Baptist. It moved away from Presbyterian. And it's moving away from Pentecost. Sure. Because everlasting life is moving on, see. And you get it because, why? You believe on the Lord Jesus Christ.

**22** Now, there is just two things. Look. You are either an unbeliever or a believer. It's either daytime or it's nighttime. Is that right? Now, I can't say, "Just this much of this is nighttime. Just what I see through that window, that's what's nighttime." No, no. The whole thing is nighttime. That's right. Now, smoke... As I've often said, smoking cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and drinking whiskey, that isn't sin. That's the attributes of sin. You do that because you're an unbeliever. And living righteous, and holy, and peaceful, and calm, and quiet, and lovely, and sociable, and so forth, that isn't 'cause you're a Christian. That's just the attributes of Christianity. It's because of what's in you makes that. And if you're impersonating it, or doing it because you're supposed to be a Christian, you're a hypocrite, (that's right), if your life isn't lived sweetly. Because in you, something comes out. It makes it, makes you feel that way. You'll go through trials, and troubles, and ups and downs, and misunderstood. That doesn't have one thing to do with it. When Israel backslid and went down into Egypt, they was backslid. They never lost their covenant. They lost their joy of their salvation. David didn't say, "Restore to me my salvation." He said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." His salvation had to remain the same. But he went off the wrong end and lost the joy of his salvation. See what I mean?

```
Psalm 51:12 Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit.

```
**23** When did you get saved? When did you get sanctified? When did you get filled with the Holy Ghost? When you believed on the Lord Jesus Christ. For you received there everlasting life. But then, from then on, you started growing. You started growing. You growed through sanctification, through the Holy Ghost, and through speaking with tongues, and through all these things here. But you received life when you believed. See what I mean? And now, that doesn't... Some people has already got life, and you're trying to get them to do something here, when they haven't even reached that place yet. And Pentecostal people has never ... has come to the place where the church is getting now to the adoption, or the placing of sons.

**24** Now, in the Old Testament when a son was born into a home, it was a son because it was born in a home. My son is my son when he was born to me. And when the Pentecostal church gave birth, or found what they called "the birth, the new birth, or the Holy Ghost church," that they were born into the kingdom of God. Well, now, in the Old Testament... Now, in Ephesians, the first chapter, it said, "We are predestinated unto the adoption of sons." Unto the adoption of sons? Look at that: "The adoption of sons." Yes, sir. And a man in the Old Testament, when he had a son born into his house, he was a son when he was born. But there was a tutor raise that child until he come to a certain age. Then if this tutor brought word to the father that the child was worthy and all right and everything, now, he was then adopted into that family. Many of you Old Testament readers know the Scripture on that. He was adopted into the family. But if he wasn't, he still remained a son, but he wasn't adopted. And then if he was adopted, he was brought out in the street, put on a robe, and then a ceremony was made. And then this boy's signature on the check, meant just the same as his daddy's; just the same, for he was adopted into full fellowship of the family.

```
Galatians 4:1 Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;

Galatians 4:2 But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.

Ephesians 1:5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,

```
**25** God adopted His own Son when He took Him up; took Peter, James, and John, as a witness. "In the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established." And went up there, and God overshadowed Christ. The Holy Spirit overshadowed Christ, and His raiment shined like the sun. Is that right? And God Himself said, "This is my beloved Son; hear ye him." In other words, "There it is. What He says is all of it." And then He was given equal... And of course, it was God, but God in the flesh of Jesus Christ, manifesting Himself to the people. And there, God adopted His own Son.

```
Deuteronomy 19:15 One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be established.

Matthew 17:5 While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.

Mark 9:7 And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

Luke 9:35 And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

```
**26** And now when the Pentecostal church and these people in the last days here that's beginning to find the new birth, being born again, they thought that settled it. No, sir. Your ups- and- downs, and ins- and- outs, and things like that, God can't place you as a son. But when you stay in the kingdom, stay in the Gospel, stay right, one of these days God will call you out and set you aside, adopt you as His son before the people, and give you something that will shake the nations with it. See what I mean? It's the adoption into the family.

**27** Now, these who had followed Him: Peter, James, and John. We're speaking tonight of Peter, a great vision, how those men lived in that day. And now, first, up here at the twenty ... or the 32nd verse of the previous chapter ... the ninth chapter. And it came to pass, as Peter passed through all the quarters, ... came down ... to the saints which were at Lydda. And there he found a certain man named AEneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy. And Peter said unto him, AEneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately. Watch it. Now, look what happened. And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron ... (Watch here.) all turned to the Lord. Because a man that had palsy was healed, the whole country turned to the Lord, for a man being healed with a palsy. And today the dead is raised up, and the people say, "It's demonology. It's psychology. It's mental telepathy. The person wasn't dead to begin with." You see the difference? It's our indifference towards God, has determined what we're getting today. We are going to receive divine judgment. The whole world is shaking right now, under the impact of the on-creeping judgments. One of the ministers will probably pick it up in a few minutes, on the oncoming judgments. And I hope they do, anyhow---on the oncoming judgment. Because, the whole world is ready, is quivering. Every nation is quivering. Don't you think that Russia isn't quivering, too. The United States and the islands are quivering. Who is going to throw that first atomic bomb? When it does, it may throw the whole thing out of cater, and not be a... Cobalt bomb, what's if a few of them is let loose? There won't be even a fly or an insect on the face of the earth left.

```
Acts 9:32 And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda.

Acts 9:33 And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy.

Acts 9:34 And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately.

Acts 9:35 And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord.

```
**28** It's right now in the hands of wicked, sinful, hell-bound men. And your destination of this earth's journey---I said earth's journey---is left to the hands of wicked and sinful men. You better watch where your soul's destination is pledged for. If it isn't pledged towards heaven and towards God, turn tonight with all your heart, and don't let the old year pass away without you turning to God. For your earthly destination is determined by the hands of wicked, and cruel, cold-hearted, atheotic men. That's where your body is determined. Whatever they want to do about it now, that finishes you up. God be merciful. And God, in His loving mercy, sending signs, and wonders, and miracles, and everything, and preaching the Gospel, and people constantly turning their face away from it. Then how can you expect anything else but judgment? You must receive it. And one man being healed of palsy, and the whole country turned to Christ. And here where we have kings, and potentates, monarchs, and congressmen, and everything else; afflictions, and diseases, and dead and passed away, and see them rise to life again, and the nation only scorn and laugh at it. Then what we got left but judgment? Oh, brother, if there ever was a time that God wake up His people, is today. This coming year, may God anoint His ministers like flames of fire, for you're in the last days and the closing times.

**29** Looky here. This same man come down... There was a girl named Tabitha ... Tabitha, which means "Dorcas," died when she was down there. And Peter was up at Joppa. They sent up and got him, and brought him down. And he walked in to where she was laying, a corpse. Put all the people out, and knelt down and prayed. And when he did, he went over and took a hold of her hand, and raised her up. And she was whole again, alive. Watch what took place. And it came to pass, that he tarried many days... Just before that. And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed on the Lord. (Many believed.) And today, they'd say, "I doubt whether she was dead at all, or not. She was just in a coma or something like that. I don't believe in such a thing." Explain it all away. When you explain away the supernatural out of the Bible, you're explaining away the very God that you worship. Certainly, you are. He's a supernatural God. All right.

```
Acts 9:36 Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.

Acts 9:37 And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.

Acts 9:38 And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.

Acts 9:39 Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

Acts 9:40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

Acts 9:41 And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.

Acts 9:42 And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.

Acts 9:43 And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner.

```
**30** Now, but stop these apostles? Brother, they had been with Jesus. They didn't care what anybody said. They called them over there one time and told them the days of miracles was past, and whipped them and put them in jail, and kept them all night, and next morning put them in judgment. And they come to find out, they were ignorant and unlearned men. But they taken notice to them, that they had been with Jesus. Being let go, they never went over and consulted the seminary anymore. They went to their own people. And when they come together, explaining what the Lord had done, they gathered together and prayed this prayer, "Lord, why did..." Is fulfill which was spoke by the prophet, of course, "Why did the heathens rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?" Said, "Truly give us power, by stretching forth the hand of thy holy child Jesus, to heal the sick, and signs and wonders might be done." And when that people prayed with one accord in that place, the building was shaken where they were assembled together. What we need tonight is a unitary prayer meeting, where we bind ourselves together with such one heart and one accord, and pray a prayer like that. Then we'll have another shaking time. Amen.

```
Psalm 2:1 Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?

Acts 4:13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

```
**31** Notice. Peter, once the denier of the Lord, once didn't believe on Him ... or, had denied Him; and went out and wept bitterly, and come in. Now, he has received the Holy Spirit. Listen at him preach. And there was a certain man by the name ... called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band, A devout man, ... one that feared God with all his house, and he gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God always. What a man. Remember, not even a Gentile. Not even a Jew, he was a Gentile, a centurion. Over a century is a hundred men. But he was a God-fearing man. God has always, among the Gentile people, found God-fearing men.

```
Acts 10:1 There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,

Acts 10:2 A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God alway.

```
**32** While walking today and talking with a young man, I said, "When I get to heaven, one of the things I want to do was to walk up and shake hands with a certain fellow that had done a gallant thing." And he talked about the one he wanted to see. He wanted to shake his hand, of different things, of how that God blessed the people. When Uriah, after that David had taken Bathsheba, his wife, and they sent out and got him. And she was to be mother. And brought her in, so that he could lay it onto Uriah. And he was not a Gentile ... he was not a Jew; he was a Gentile. And he was a Hittite, a proselyte to the Jewish religion. And they told him to go down and stay a while at home with his lovely, beautiful wife. He said, "God forbid that I'd do such a thing as that, and the ark of my God on the battlefield." And he refused to do it. And, brother, when I get to glory, I want to walk up to Uriah and shake his hands, and say, "God be praised, for your testimony meant something to me in my earthly journey." I want to walk over to Daniel, say, "You know, Daniel, when you went in there fearless before those lions, that testimony meant something to me." Yes, sir. I want to see the apostle Peter, and say, "Peter, that night when you was in prison, and the Lord come in with a big light and shined over you, oh, I always admired that. And you started following that light, and the door opened before you, and took you right into the streets. You thought you were dreaming." What a time. Not going to be no quiet place in heaven when all that redeemed gets around there, is it? It's going to be a marvelous thing take place up there, when all the redeemed comes marching in.

```
2 Samuel 11:2 And it came to pass in an eveningtide, that David arose from off his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon.

2 Samuel 11:3 And David sent and inquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite?

2 Samuel 11:4 And David sent messengers, and took her; and she came in unto him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned unto her house.

2 Samuel 11:5 And the woman conceived, and sent and told David, and said, I am with child.

2 Samuel 11:6 And David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hittite. And Joab sent Uriah to David.

2 Samuel 11:7 And when Uriah was come unto him, David demanded of him how Joab did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered.

2 Samuel 11:8 And David said to Uriah, Go down to thy house, and wash thy feet. And Uriah departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the king.

2 Samuel 11:9 But Uriah slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house.

2 Samuel 11:10 And when they had told David, saying, Uriah went not down unto his house, David said unto Uriah, Camest thou not from thy journey? why then didst thou not go down unto thine house?

2 Samuel 11:11 And Uriah said unto David, The ark, and Israel, and Judah, abide in tents; and my lord Joab, and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing.

Daniel 6:7 All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.

Daniel 6:8 Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

Daniel 6:9 Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree.

Daniel 6:10 Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.

Daniel 6:11 Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God.

Daniel 6:12 Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

Daniel 6:13 Then answered they and said before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day.

Daniel 6:14 Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him.

Daniel 6:15 Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed.

Daniel 6:16 Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 12:8 And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.

Acts 12:9 And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.

```
**33** And here is this centurion, the house of Cornelius. Look how God so arranged it. Now, Cornelius was a God-fearing man. He prayed always and gives alms to the people. You never do nothing worthwhile but what God puts it to your record. That's right. And he prayed, and he gave alms to the people. And he was a great man. And one day, while he was in prayer in the house, there came an angel into the room where he was at. Do you believe in angels? The angel came into the room where he was at, and said, "Cornelius, raise up and go down to Joppa and ask for one named Peter, who dwells in the house of one called Simon. And he will tell you what to do." Amen. Now, Peter at this time had been traveling, so he got hungry. It was about twelve o'clock. So he goes up on the housetop and took a little nap. He was going to take a nap while he was up there, waiting for them to get dinner ready. And so Cornelius sent down to a soldier and two devout men, and brought them down to find Peter. And while... God, if He is sending someone to see you, He is making arrangements ahead of time for this thing to happen. He made arrangements at the hospital for this baby yesterday that was laying there in a dying condition, that they didn't know what was the matter. And the Holy Spirit spoke in the room, made arrangements at the hospital for the healing of the child before I even got there. Hallelujah! In Finland, when that little boy was laying there on the road, dead, and his father and mother running from the field, screaming and wringing their hands, God had prearranged his resurrection two years ahead of time. Praise the Lord! And tonight while we're here in this church and suffer these things that we do, God has prearranged our resurrection. Some glorious day, He will come. It's all prearranged. And the men and women who think of it, sometimes poets sing these songs: "Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air."

```
Acts 10:7 And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;

Acts 10:8 And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa.

Acts 10:9 On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:

Acts 10:10 And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,

Acts 10:31 And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.

Acts 10:32 Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee.

```
**34** About fifteen years ago tonight, I was standing on this platform here with a big chart, teaching. And there was a little Pentecostal group come from Louisville. And I never did believe in them people dancing the way they did. And there was a little lady come up here to play the piano. And they was going to play a special, and beat on little thimbles on a washboard. And some of them beat on a tin can. I was very much of a critic of it; so I thought, What's going to happen? And the woman come up to play the special. She got to playing. The lady got to beating on the washboard. And this little blond-headed girl jumped out here on the floor and begin to dance in the Spirit. And me sitting in the seat of the scornful, I said, "Now, I wish you would look at that." And I had been telling my church, till they was all wondering what I was going to do about it. I kept looking at her, and I thought, Look at that. Now, if that isn't something, making a tavern out of my church. And I was sitting there, not knowing any better. I wasn't saying nothing, but in my heart I was thinking it. So I watched her there while she was dancing. And the first thing you know, I said, "Now, wait a minute. Wonder if the lady has got any Scripture for it?" And I begin to think about the Scriptures. I said, "Where was dancing ever ordained at? The first place, in the Bible." That's right. And I thought, What made them dance? I seen that the children of Israel, when they crossed the Red Sea, Miriam looked back and seen all those taskmasters drowned, she picked up a tambourine and begin to dance, and beat this tambourine, and run down the shores, dancing. And the daughters of Israel followed her, dancing. I thought, That's victory. I seen David, when his sweetheart sitting up there behind this fan, fanning, looking at her cute little boyfriend, David, standing out there. And here come the ark, that Brother Graham talked about a while ago, coming across the hill. When David seen it coming, he danced around and around and around. "Why," she said, "you embarrass me." He said, "If you don't like that, watch this." And around and around and around he went again. You know what? God looked down out of heaven, and said, "David, you're a man after my own heart." That's right. And I thought, You know, there's one thing the matter with me. I haven't got enough victory, maybe. And I got sitting there, and I got my Methodist foot patting. And the first thing you know (God, my Judge), before I knowed what I was doing, I was out on the floor here, dancing around with that girl. That's right. Then I said, "God, take me out of the seat of the scornful. Let me look at anything sensibly before I ever pass a judgment anymore." Amen. God does things peculiar.

```
Exodus 15:20 And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.

2 Samuel 6:14 And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod.

2 Samuel 6:16 And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.

Acts 13:22 And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.

```
**35** I don't believe in a lot of nonsense. I don't believe in a lot of tommyrot. But I believe in the real, genuine, Spirit-filled, Holy Ghost Word of God being preached in power and demonstration. Amen. For that's the thing that saved me. That's the thing that's brought me thus far. That's the thing that helped me when the doctor said I was dying. That's the thing that saved me in the hour of my death. That's the thing that'll resurrect me. And that's the thing I'll go to heaven with. If I ever get there, I will have to go by it, 'cause I don't know nothing else but that, and don't want to know nothing else but that. That's right. Know Jesus, and Him crucified, and that's all. If He is crucified, then it crucifies my flesh with His, and I'm dead to the things of the world. My! Amen! You know, I'm getting religious. I begin to feel that way.

**36** Notice, here they was. My, what a time! Wonderful meeting they were having. Cornelius said, "Now, you go down there and ask for one named Peter." And said... Never heard of him before. And Peter up there thought, Lord, I will take a little nap just before I eat dinner. I'm so hungry and tired. And when he laid there, he fell in a trance. Scripture says so. Then I believe he fell in a trance, don't you? And when he did, he seen a sheet coming down, all full of creeping things. And a voice said, "Rise, Peter. Slay and eat." He said, "No, Lord. I'm a Jew. Nothing unclean or common has ever went in my mouth." He said, "Don't you call that common what I made clean." Said, "You rise." Said, "There is somebody waiting for you, down at the gate. And go ahead. Don't doubt nothing. Follow him." Amen.

```
Acts 10:5 And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:

Acts 10:10 And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,

Acts 10:11 And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending unto him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth:

Acts 10:12 Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.

Acts 10:13 And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.

Acts 10:14 But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean.

Acts 10:15 And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.

Acts 10:20 Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.

```
**37** Now, Peter and his sanctimonious ways, you know. He kind of had some prestige around the people, so he had to watch what he eat. He was a Jew. He had been raised up a strict Presbyterian, you know, or something, and he had to watch what he was doing because of his church affair. So the Lord said, "You follow them Gentiles, not paying any attention to what's done, or whatever. You go on up there." And when he went up to the house of Cornelius straightway, Cornelius gathered all of his people around. And he told him how he saw the angel. He said, "Now, Peter, I sent for you." And when Peter got up there and begin to preach: "While Peter spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on them," and they was all filled with the Holy Spirit, begin prophesying, speaking in tongues, and having a marvelous time. He said, "Can we forbid water?" Now, these has received the Holy Ghost before they was baptized. And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And Peter tarried with them certain days.

```
Acts 10:21 Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?

Acts 10:44 While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.

Acts 10:48 And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.

```
**38** That's the apostolic church, moving in the Spirit, wherever God said. Peter done without his dinner. Peter went on to follow the Lord. And God could ever get a man and women today, in this tabernacle, anywhere else, that'll pay no attention to what's going on around them, but submit themselves to the Lord, as an individual unit, God will lead the same man today that He led then. He proves that He's with us. What we need today is a humble, submitted life. Submit yourself. Don't squeeze yourself back. Don't do nothing, lead straight with the Holy Spirit. What the Spirit says do, do quickly. Don't say, "Well, I'll wait and find out what this is, and that is." What the Holy Spirit says do, go do it. What if I hadn't've went to Finland when the Holy Spirit called me over there? What if I hadn't went to the hospital yesterday, where that little baby was laying there dying; hadn't've went? It's: "Obedience is better than sacrifice." Do what the Holy Spirit says do. What we need tonight is to let loose of all of our little old squeezy ideas, and let the Holy Spirit... You are taught here. You know what's right and wrong. But what you need tonight is a great big bundle-full of the love of God poured out in your heart, all differences washed away. Bury it with the old year as it passes out. Let it go. Let's start a new life, a new beginning. If you're already born in the kingdom of God, you've already got the Holy Spirit in you; the only thing you have to do is cut loose from these things of the world that's holding you down. Said, "Let us lay aside every weight, and the sin that doth so easily beset us, that we might run with patience the life ... the race that's set before us." Hebrews, the 12th chapter. Lay aside the weights.

```
1 Samuel 15:22 And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.

Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

```
**39** Could you imagine the wise men coming to see Jesus? I will just take a little drama for a minute. I can see... They say three wise men. We'll just say there was three. Jim, John, and George, we'd say their names was. And they're coming to see Jesus. And I can see them all getting ready to go. We'll take this fellow Jim. He's quite a man. He runs and tells his wife, said, "Wife, you know what? I seen the star, so I've got to go." And so he goes over and he packs up to go. That's what's the matter with people today. They're trying to pack up to be a Christian. If there's anything you need is unpacked to be a Christian. Got too many things hanging on now. One of them say, "Now, mother, you know, I couldn't go along unless I took my card table," so he hangs that on the camel. "Because, you know, the other boys wouldn't appreciate me going along if I didn't have my card table along." All these other little old things that keeps you. And you have a little box of selfishness; you have to hang that on, too. You have to hang on a little tattling, a little backbiting, a little of this, that; hang it on the camel. And the first thing you know, he jumps up, astraddle the old camel, say, "Come on now, let's go." The old camel can't hardly move. He's mashed down so hard till he is bowlegged, almost. And you're always kicking and complaining about your church you are going to, and maybe it's you've got so loaded up till it can't run. That's what's the matter. You need to unload, wash up, clean up, get right. Amen. What's the matter with me?

**40** Notice. That's what it is. I can see the others going, moving on. And the first thing you know, he got down and looked at that star again. And so, the first thing, he begin to throw tables one way, and packages the other way. The wife said, "Where you going, John?" Said, "I'm laying aside every weight that so easily beset me. And I've got to run this race with patience. For straight is the gate and narrow is the way, but few there'll be that'll find it." There's only room for you and Jesus. Nobody else can go through. Amen. She said... I can hear her say, "Well, look, you're forgetting your compass." "I don't need any compass." "You're forgetting your seminary degree. You're forgetting your baccalaureate services and all these other things that you hang on." He said, "Listen. I don't need any compass." "How you going then?" He pointed up to the star, said, "I'm going God's provided way. God provided me a star to follow; that'll take me to the Christ."

```
Matthew 7:14 Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.

```
**41** And what tonight? We don't need any great, long schoolings and all this. We want to go God's provided way. And God's provided way of this day is the baptism of the Holy Spirit; and led by the Holy Spirit, are sons of God. That'll bring you to your destination. Lay aside the weights. Lay aside everything else. Let's get back to the apostolic day. Our foundation is sure. God has proved it to us by signs, and wonders, and pictures, and everything else. He has proved that He is with us. And around the world this glorious mighty Gospel swept a million, five hundred thousand into the kingdom of God last year. The Pentecostal church exceeded every church there was in the world last year, in conversions. A million five hundred thousand recorded. Hallelujah! What's the matter? It's the most mightiest thing there is on earth today. But the devil has got among them and broke them off in this little group, and that little group, and this little group, to make them fuss with one another. If they'd ever forget their selfishness and their difference, and join their hands together, their hearts together as one, the Millennium would set in. That's what we need tonight, friends: get together. That's what Branham Tabernacle needs to do. That's what all the churches need to do, is get together as one fellowship, as one individual, in Christ Jesus, a newborn babe, and walk this straight, narrow path, "Looking to the Author and Finisher of our faith, Jesus Christ."

```
Hebrews 12:2 Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.

```
**42** Looky here. Not taking up for our tabernacle and its doctrines and so forth, but I say this, my dear friends: You search the world anywhere you want to (and we say this boastfully, not boast in nothing but Jesus Christ the Son of God), but look what God Almighty has done for this little church. Turn around and look if you wish to. Right from this church here started this great revival that's swept the whole world. That's right. Look it over, and see if it isn't. God is with us. In His love and mercy, look how He heals us when we're sick. Look at the cancer cases, and blind, deaf, and dumb, and everything else that He heals in our midst, everywhere. Then was loving enough to come down for a scientific proof, to put His approval upon the church: had His picture taken with us. Amen. Where the critics? They'll have to shut their mouth and step back, and say, "Can't say nothing about it." Amen.

**43** I'm so glad tonight that I'm one of them. I'm so glad to be a Christian. I'm so glad that I'm living here among people who believe in this great move. I expect there to be little differences. We're human, but in principle, we're one. Right. We're one. Together we stand as one unit in Jesus Christ. God has blessed us and give us all these wonderful things. Just think how I couldn't have been here myself tonight if it hadn't been for the Lord, when the best of doctors said I couldn't make it. But the Chief Doctor come down and said, "It's all in My hands, and you'll make it." I believed Him. How is Sister Weaver setting there? As a skeleton sitting in that wheelchair when they wheeled her up here to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Doctor give her till morning to live, with a cancer eating her up about seven or eight years ago. Here she is tonight with us. How many more could I call that's walked in and out of these doors here, that's come in here crippled, and afflicted, and sick, and lame, and halt, blind, and everything else, has been healed. Just in this one little door here, as a witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ.

**44** What ought we to be? What ought this Branham Tabernacle to be? It should be a lighthouse that's sitting in one of the darkest places of the world, Jeffersonville. If there ever was a place that needed the Gospel, is Jeffersonville. That's right. "But can any good thing come out of Nazareth?" Said, "Come and see." That's right. The dark spots. We don't need the lights in daytime. We need them when it's dark. That's where God sends light, is in dark places. It's mighty easy to go where everything is running smooth, but where she is running hard, where the dark places is, the rough places ... "Must I be carried home to heaven on a flower bed of ease, while others fought to win the prize and sailed through bloody seas?"

```
John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

```
**45** Right here where people are splitting hairs and differences, and things like that, a hundred and forty thousand heathens die every day and go to meet Jesus, or go to meet a just and honest God, without knowing anything about Him. A hundred and forty thousand die every day, the death toll of heathens that never heard the name of Jesus Christ, die every day. And we argue whether we're Presbyterian or Methodist, or not. What a disgrace. What a shame. What we need is a vision. Not look right down here at the end of your nose. Look out there at the end of the road. If I'm thinking about today, this, that, or the other, I will live for the day. But I'm living for the eternity, for something out yonder, something that God has ordained, and I must go meet it some day. I've took too much of the time. Ten minutes. [Gap in the audio] ... by God's grace and God's help. There's been two years that I've asked Him something over and over. I asked Him fifteen years, for something, and He finally give it to me. And I will be knocking at His door if I'm living next year, if He doesn't give it to me this year, see, for this thing that I've asked for. It's for His glory, something that I could do for Him yonder. If He will just permit this to me then I can go out yonder and win souls for Him a little bit better, be a little stronger in the way. And I pray that He will do it. That's my prayer to Him.

**46** And my testimony to you, that if you'll just pray for me and hold me up before Him in prayer, then I can go on. How can I do one thing, no matter what would take place, if I didn't have somebody to believe me? You're just as much of it as I am, or anybody else is. You're as much of it. No matter what we'd do, if we'd preach, what we'd say, if there is no one to believe it, then there is nothing can be done. That's right. It's all a failure, there's nothing can be done, except we come together and we believe one another. I believe in you and you believe in me. And together we believe in God, and we believe that His Spirit will lead us.

**47** Now, Brother Funk, are you coming up? You're holding the baby now. That's your excuse. Brother Woods, I guess you're next then. [Brother Wood says, "Brother Jackson."] All right, and he's adopted Brother Jackson. So I guess Brother Jackson will be next. The Lord bless our Brother Jackson, that comes next. The Lord bless you. Do you love the Lord? I want to see your hands. Do you love the Lord? All right.

**48** Sister Gertie, come here just a minute. I want you to sing one with me. Everybody else is singing. I'm going to try. I'm hoarse as I can be, because I got a bad cold, something in my head, but I want you to help me sing this good old song. And give me the key of something. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. Just give me some kind of note, 'cause I want to sing, "Dripping in blood," with you all. For this Gospel that I preach, it's dripping in blood. Don't you believe it? All right, everybody together. The first one to die for this Holy Ghost plan, Was John the Baptist, but he died like a man; Then came the Lord Jesus, they crucified Him, He preached that the Spirit would save men from sin. Keeps dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel, keeps dripping with blood. Then they stoned Stephen, he preached against sin, He made them so angry, they dashed his head in; But he died in the Spirit, and he gave up the ghost, And went to join the others, that life-giving host. Keeps dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. Oh, there's Peter and Paul, and John the divine, They gave up their lives so this Gospel could shine; They mingled their blood, like the prophets of old, So the true Word of God could honest be told. Keeps dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel keeps dripping with blood. Listen to this now. There's souls under the altar, crying, "How long?" For the Lord to punish those who've done wrong; But there's going to be more who'll give their life's blood For this Holy Ghost Gospel and its crimson flood. Let's stand now. It's dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel, it's dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who have died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood.

**49** Aren't you glad you're one of them? What kind of a Gospel? The same Gospel that was given to them, same signs, same wonders following, same pillar of fire, same Lord Jesus, same healing of the sick, same power of the Spirit, everything moving right on. The same persecution is a coming. This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. All together now. It's dripping..................... Turn around and shake hands with somebody, and say, "Praise the Lord!" Hallelujah! ............ it's dripping with blood, Oh, the blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me. Let's sing it louder now. Raise up your hands. Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me.

**50** Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for the Lord Jesus Christ, for His power, for His love. And to know that in this great, noble day that we're living, when the prophets of old foresaw this day and gave commandments concerning it, saying how that "men would be heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but would deny the power thereof." When he said there would be scoffers in the last days, and would make fun, and ridicule. We're living in it, Father. "At that day, the carriages would rage in the broad ways. They'd run like lightning. They'd seem like torches." All these great prophecies, fulfilling. When Jesus said the tidal waves would break the shores, up and down the banks of the sea. And when great signs and wonders would appear in the heavens above, such as flying saucers and things. Because of these signs, would cause the world to fear and quake. It would cause earthquakes in divers places, and all manners of things; and perplexed of time, and distress between the nations. And He said, in that day that Israel would blossom. Hallelujah! That old six-point star of David is a waving over Jerusalem tonight for the first time for twenty-five hundred years. Nations are breaking. The fig tree putting forth its buds. All the other trees are putting forth its buds. The wicked ones are putting forth their buds. Romanism is putting forth its bud. Communism is putting forth its buds. And Your church is putting forth its buds. Springtime is coming. Oh, great Master of life, rise with healing in Your wings, Lord. And give Your servants all powers and signs, to stretch forth the hand of Thy holy child Jesus, to perform miracles and do signs, and to preach the Gospel to the ends of the world. Grant it, Lord.

```
Isaiah 35:1 The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.

Nahum 2:4 The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings.

Luke 21:25 And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;

2 Timothy 3:2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,

2 Timothy 3:3 Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,

2 Timothy 3:4 Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**51** Bless this little church. Bless its pastor, Lord, our loving brother. Bless all that's associated here with us. All that calls upon Your name everywhere around the world. Help this coming year, Lord; help us to be the best for Your service. Keep sickness out of our midst, and anoint us with the Holy Ghost. Keep envy, keep strife, keep jealousy, keep everything that's ungodly, away from us. And let it be said of us that we are Your children: "A city that's sitting on a hill, that cannot be hid." Grant it, Father. Bless us, and forgive us of our past. And may we say, as Paul, "Forgetting those things which are in the past, we press to the mark of the high calling in Christ." Lord God, send me wherever You will. I'm ready to go do Your bidding at any time. Forgive us, I say again. And sanctify this church to Thy name's honor and glory, and the people therein. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Matthew 5:14 Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.

Philippians 3:14 I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

```
**52** You may be seated now. The Lord bless you. Oh, there's going to be a meeting in the air. In that sweet, sweet by and by; I'm going to meet you, meet you over there In that home beyond the sky; Such singing we will hear, never heard by mortal ear, It'll be glorious, I do declare! For God's own Son, will be the leading One At that meeting in the air. Oh, there's going to be a meeting in the air, In that sweet, sweet by and by; I'm going to meet you, meet you over there In the home beyond the sky; Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear, It'll be glorious, I do declare! For God's own Son, will be the leading One At that meeting in the air. You have heard of little Moses in the bulrush, You have heard of fearless David and the sling You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph, And of Daniel and the lions you often sing. Oh, there's many, many others in the Bible, And I long to meet them all, I do declare! By and by the Lord will let us meet them, At that meeting in the air. There is going to be a meeting in the air, In the sweet, sweet by and by; I'm going to meet you, greet you over there In that home beyond the sky; Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear, It will be glorious, I do declare! And God's own Son will be the leading One At that meeting in the air.

**53** Don't you love it? My! There's One I want to meet, above all; that's Jesus. Don't you? Just makes you feel so rejoiced, so cleaned out, so pure. Don't you just feel that way? Just like you was all scoured out? Just love Him? ...... meeting in the air, In the sweet, sweet by and by; Going to meet you, and greet over there, In that home beyond the sky; Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear, It'll be glorious, I do declare! And God's own Son will be the leading One At that meeting in the air. Don't you love it? Oh my! You have heard of little Moses in the bulrush, And you have heard of fearless David and his sling; You've heard the story told of dreaming Joseph, And of Daniel and the lions you often sing. Oh, there's many, many others in the Bible, And I long to meet them all, I do declare! By and by the Lord will let us meet them At that meeting in the air. Well, there's going to be a meeting in the air, In the sweet, sweet by and by; Going to meet you, greet you over there In that home beyond the sky; Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear, Will be glorious, I do declare! And God's own Son will be the leading One At that meeting in the air.

**54** My! I just want to be there. Don't you? How many says, "By God's grace, I want to be there." Wonderful. Praise the Lord. All right, Brother Neville. Happy new year, to all of you. God bless you.
