---
Date: 1959-03-29
Title: The sign of the Messiah
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 50 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The sign of the Messiah



**1** Let us bow our heads just a moment. Dear God, when we hear that song, "Jesus is near, and all things are possible," it thrills our hearts to know that that's more than a song. It's the truth. You are here. Lord, I believe you were just behind the Tabernacle just now, also; that little mother holding that little baby, soaking wet, in the rain; and that young man calling for his loved one, way yonder in the hospital, dying. Hear our prayers, Lord. There's people set in this church all day long, since six o'clock this morning. They're waiting to see You, Lord. They've heard us talk today that You raised from the dead. And You're the same Jesus, still living tonight, after nineteen hundred years. You are still Jesus. And we pray, God, that You will heal every sick person that's in Divine Presence. May there not be a feeble person in our midst when this service is over. Just show us, Lord, that You're here.

**2** We're thinking of two men on that Easter morning, who was discouraged, no doubt. But many here are discouraged tonight, sick and can't get well, doctors have give them up. And as they went on their road, there was a stranger who walked out and talked with them, talked about the Scriptures, the rest of the day. And at nighttime, when He got them in the room and shut the door, He done something. He did it just the way He did it before the crucifixion, and they knew that that was the risen Lord. He vanished out of their sight. They run quickly back to tell others, "He's risen from the dead." God, we pray that He'll come in our midst tonight and do the things that He did before His crucifixion. Nineteen hundred years is nothing to Him; He's eternal. And may many here tonight rush home quickly, telling their wife, their husband, their loved ones, their neighbors, "He lives! He appeared to me tonight! He healed my sickness! I'm going to be well now." Grant this, Father. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. (You may be seated.)

```
Luke 24:31 And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.

Luke 24:33 And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,

Luke 24:34 Saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and hath appeared to Simon.

```
**3** I'm sorry that I got hoarse, but I've just been so busy speaking, baptizing; had the flu to start with, since I come back from down in Florida and over in the island. I have to leave in the morning now for California, for nearly a solid month of meetings. So I asked Brother Neville if he would speak for me tonight, and I'm sure you've heard a wonderful message. We enjoyed this morning's service, and Brother Neville. And we are trusting that God will continue to be with him and this church, as he pastors here.

**4** Now, I just met Billy out there, and he kind of touched me on the side, and he said, "Daddy, the people are standing here, and some of them have been here all day long." I said, "Well, I'm glad that our services are drawing close to the end," so you won't have to stand. And it's raining. And when I come in the building, a little couple was getting out of the car out there, with a little sick baby and it soaking wet. She couldn't even get in the door. But as certain as I'm standing here, God healed that baby [unclear words] . That's right. How He answers prayer! And now after we have preached today... And this morning I preached on five subjects: Living, Dying, Buried, Rising, Coming. Living, He loved me. Dying, He saved me. Buried, He carried my sins far away. Rising, He justified freely forever. Someday He's coming, oh, glorious day! We sit, watching tonight, waiting for His appearing.

**5** Why are we jammed in here? Why does people come to hear the gospel? Yet, in its simplicity, it's the greatest drawing card the world has ever had. Jesus said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." Now the thing is, is this religion we talk about, is it real? Is it the truth? If it is the truth, then we can believe every word the Bible said. If it isn't the truth, we should have nothing to do with it, we should just go on in our sins---eat, drink, for tomorrow we die. But I'm so thankful to know that this that we're talking about is the truth. And it's the only religion in the world---yet, fourth in number---yet it's the only religion in the world that the founder could die and rise again, and is living tonight.

```
John 12:32 And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.

```
**6** I seen in the paper, here in the city paper the other day, where they got a man, a Buddha, has been raised up. Many of you saw that in the paper. They got a man that's a little Buddha, that performs things just like Buddha did. 'Course, he did no miracles, but his teaching and everything was just like Buddha. If Buddha has got a man on the field---a false one---God has got the Holy Ghost on the field---the real Spirit of God. Now, we talked about these wonderful things, but will it work? Will the Holy Spirit forgive a man his sins? Will He heal his sickness? Certainly, He will. He is God, forevermore. Now, if we can... If Jesus will come to our midst and will prove Hisself that He is alive here tonight among us, it ought to make every one of us believe every promise He's got in the Bible.

**7** Is there anybody here that's never been in one of my meetings before? Let's see your hand, never been in the meeting before. Just look, practically half the crowd. I'm not a healer. I don't believe there is a man that's a healer. Jesus Christ is the healer. And He said, when He was here on earth, that God was the healer. Now, when He was here on earth, He did not claim to be a healer, but He showed to the people His Messiahic sign, and that Messiahic sign was to know the secret of their heart. How many knows that's true? When He told Peter, when he come before Him, what his name was, what his father's name was; Peter believed in such a way, with such a faith, that Jesus give him the keys to the kingdom later, and put him over the church.

**8** When Philip found Nathanael under the tree, and told him, "Come and see who I've found, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph." And that staunch religionist said, "Could there be any good thing come out of Nazareth?" He gave him the best answer that any man could give. He said, "Come and see. Don't just criticize it. Come, look for yourself." And as soon as Philip come up with Nathanael, Jesus said to him, "Behold an Israelite, in whom there is no guile!" He said, "When did you know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, I saw you under the tree." He said, "You're the Son of God, the King of Israel." He told the woman at the well what was in her heart. These things proved that He was the Messiah. And if that Messiah is risen from the dead today, and has made the atonement, and healed our sickness and forgive our sins, then the only thing He could do was show that same sign back again, that He is still alive to make any promise that He made, good. Is that true? Let us believe that now while we pray.

```
John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**9** Lord, the people are waiting. One word from You will be more than Brother Neville or I could say in many lifetimes---just one word. Now, there is half of this audience that's never seen the meetings before. Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, send the power of Jesus Christ into this room, the resurrected One, the Holy Spirit that came on Pentecost, and may He so anoint the people. May I be able, even in this hoarseness, to yield myself so completely to His Spirit, that He could speak through this broken voice that I offer to Him, look through these eyes that I offer to Him, to show visions and things that would make the people see that He's raised from the dead. And when this people sees that, may the entire audience embrace every promise that He made. If they have sinned, may they embrace Him for forgiveness. If they have sickness, may they know that by His stripes we are healed. Grant it, Lord. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**10** Now is the great showdown. Here before two or three hundred people, it's simple. When you stand before five hundred thousand ---a half a million---same things take place. He is God. Now how many in here is sick and wants to be prayed for, raise your hand. See, about half of you, or more. I can't bring them all up here. I think I will have to ask Billy again, ask him if he give out prayer cards. Did he do it? [Someone says, "Yes."] All right. All right. Last Sunday... or the last time I was here, they didn't give out any prayer cards, and I just asked, "How many people here has never been in the meeting before?" Many raised up their hand, that they'd never been in the meeting. While they stood with their hands up, the Holy Spirit went on telling them who they were and what their diseases was, and what had taken place; and healed the people so completely, till tumors and things disappeared, till operations could not be performed. How many was here to see that just a few weeks ago?

**11** If he has give out prayer cards, then we will call. That gives home people and not home people; people who has been in the meeting, people who has not; to come in the prayer line. We can't take them all up here at once. We will bring them just quietly as we can. And I want you to be honest with God. Be honest with yourself. And if Jesus Christ will come into our midst and perform and do just as He did when He was here on earth, walking in Galilee, you ought to accept Him for anything that you have need of. You don't have to be up here on the platform. He regards faith. There will be some people here that is sick out there in the audience, that hasn't even got a prayer card; they'll be healed anyhow. How many is sick and doesn't have a prayer card? Raise up your hand. Not too many prayer cards give out then, see. All right, you just believe. Just look this a-way.

**12** Let me show you what Jesus did when He was here on earth. There was a woman, one time, came to Him. And she could not get into the press. She had no prayer card, but she touched the border of His garment, for she said in her heart, "I know that man tells the truth. If I can touch His garment, I will be made well." And she touched His garment, went out in the audience probably many times bigger than this. Jesus turned, and said, "Who touched me?" Peter even rebuked Him, and said, "Why would you ask such a thing, when all is trying to touch you?" He said, "But I perceive that I've gotten weak." Visions cause weakness. You can't go too far in them. And He said... looked around over the audience till He found the woman, and told her that she had had a blood issue and her faith had made her well.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**13** How many know that? The Bible said that Jesus Christ today is a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Is that right? Well, if He was the High Priest and could be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, wouldn't He act just like He did then, if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever? Then you that don't have a prayer card, you look this way, and say in your heart, "Lord, I believe with all my heart, and I believe that You are going to heal me. And let me touch Your garment. And You speak through Brother Branham and tell him, just like You did the woman, and I will believe You." Will you be that honest, and believe God with all your heart?

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**14** Billy Paul said a few minutes ago, standing here, you took a love offering for me. I didn't want for this to happen. That was... But, thank you, just the same. I need it now on my California trip. I will put it to the Gospel. Them little offerings that you give me, you know what happens to them? I went to Puerto Rico and Jamaica a few weeks ago, where they registered forty thousand converts in nine nights. What did it? Your tithing. When I left, the mayor of the... the judge of the island stood up; he said, "We have evangelists come in here and take up great offerings, and cost great money. But," said, "when Brother Branham come, he didn't even ask for a penny of money, never asked us to pay his hotel bill. And he paid his own fare, back and forth." What did it? Your money. I want to be sure that I spend it right. So, at the Judgment Bar, when I stand before you and God, have to give an account for it, it's done right. I took it myself, as long as I'm able to go, to do the best I can for His glory.

**15** Now, we can't bring all the prayer cards up at once, so I will just bring them up, just a few at a time. Who has prayer card number one? Would you raise up your hand if you can get up. Way back in the back, it's a colored lady. Come right down this a-way, lady. Make your way down and come here at the side of the platform. Now, who has prayer card number two? If you can get up, raise your hand, prayer card number two. A white lady here. All right, lady, you come right up and follow this colored lady up here, right up here. Now, get them around that way, Doc, soon as this gets filled up here.

**16** Prayer card number three, would you hold up your hand if you can? The gentlemen right over here, sir. Number four, would you hold up your hand? All right, lady, right over here. Number five, would you hold up your hand? This young fellow right here. So far, every one of them is strangers to me. Number six, would you hold up your hand, number six? Did I call number five? Number five and number six, also a stranger to me. Number seven, would you raise your hand? Raise your hand, who has number seven. All right, I believe I know that fellow. I believe I know him. Number eight, would you raise your hand if you can? A lady over here. All right, number nine. All right, lady. Number ten. All right, number ten, the lady.

**17** There is some mistake somewhere. What number is this man here? Would somebody look, some of you ushers come here and see? [Someone says, "He is eighty-four."] Eighty-four. It's number ten I was calling then, thank you, number ten. But we will get to you anyhow. That's all right. Look, I know what your number is now. It's eighty-four, wasn't it? You say eighty-four or something like that? All right, you just wait there. You just believe. I tell you, if you don't use that card, prayer card, you look this way and believe God, and see if God will answer prayer for you. All right. Number, was that ten? Eleven. All right, twelve. Now, if you can't get up, just... Number twelve. Thirteen, number thirteen, way back. Fourteen, number fourteen, way in the back. Number fifteen.

**18** They're give out anywhere. The boys that give them out just say, "Who wants a prayer card, hold up your hand." They take them and mix them all up; nobody knows which is getting which. And they just give them that way. Number fourteen. Number fifteen, who has prayer card fifteen, number fifteen? Number sixteen, way back in the back. Number seventeen. Now, if number sixteen is in the building or standing out in the aisle, just make yourself a way around. Number... I'm sorry, I never seen your hand, sister. You're sixteen? All right. Seventeen. Eighteen, nineteen, number nineteen. Twenty, number twenty, the man over here. All right. All right. Now I believe they're getting right out into the aisle here now, so we'll... [Someone says, "That's enough."] What say? That's enough for the time. All right. Look this way and believe. All right. Let's see, if the pianist, softly and quietly, "Only Believe," just real soft.

**19** The most of the people in the aisle here is strangers to me. I don't know you. Now there is some in here that still has prayer cards, some perhaps does not have prayer cards. Maybe we can call some more in the prayer line just in a few minutes, soon as we get that aisle straightened up. I believe that gentlemen here, Doc, was coming in from the back there, he was called, sixteen or seven... sixteen. All right, come right along there and get your position, sir. Now, if you're not called, that don't have one thing to do with it, see; just look and believe.

**20** [Someone says, "Still got fifteen missing, too."] Number fifteen is missing. Maybe the person can't get up. If you can't get up... Somebody look at the other person's prayer card; maybe he's deaf and can't hear. If they're here, fifteen, you're welcome to take your place in the line. If they stepped out and will be back in a few minutes, put them in the line just as their number is called. When we get down along the line here, we will call some more in, if the Holy Spirit doesn't seem to be anointing the building, the people, so that they can be healed.

**21** Now, now is a crucial moment; now is the time where I've either told the truth or told a lie. Now is the time where Jesus Christ is proved risen from the dead, or He isn't risen from the dead. Now is the time He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, or He isn't the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now He's got to prove to be the healer, or He isn't the healer. And if anybody would want to take my place, to pray for the sick, you're welcome to come and take my place.

**22** How many of you in the prayer line here, as you look here from the prayer line now, doesn't know me, and you know I don't know you or nothing about you, raise up your hand. Out in the audience, that knows that I know nothing about you, raise up your hand (yet you're sick) out in the audience. See, there you are. Now what will God do? There's the Scripture, the Spirit of God is here. Now, will it work? If I can yield myself to the Holy Spirit, it'll work. And it won't work for me unless you yield yourself to the Holy Spirit, "For many mighty works Jesus could not do in His own country, because of their unbelief." Now you believe with all your heart, be real reverent as you can. Stand quietly, watch. If the Holy Spirit does something, then rejoice, then believe.

```
Matthew 13:58 And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.

```
**23** Now, Lord, all that we have, all that we are... They've stood till their legs are cramping, they've sat till they're nearly ready to faint. Now, Lord, let it be known that Thou art God. And I have called this audience together, at Your command. And I'm standing here, not to be seen, or not to try to be acting big or doing something different, but it's because it's a commission charged me by an angel, and confirmed by Your Word. Let it be known tonight that You're Jesus Christ, the Son of God, that raised from the dead; and You live in Your church, in Your people, to perform and to carry out the same ministry You had when You were here in the body of flesh. Grant it, Lord. And we will praise You, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**24** Now, where is Billy Paul? Is he in this building? Has he left? Or, somebody ought to come here to pick up these prayer cards, see. Come, Brother [unclear word] . The woman has the prayer card in her hand. You just give it to him, see. Be real reverent now. Now this lady here, as far as I know, is a total stranger to me. And here is a perfect setting of the Scripture: two people and two different nationalities. Jesus come to a well one time, in St. John 4, and met a woman of Samaria. And He talked to her a little while, until He found out what her trouble was. And He told her her trouble. And, when He did, she recognized it to be the Messiah. How many knows that? Remember their conversation? He said, "Woman, bring me a drink." What was He doing? Contacting her spirit. And she said, "The well is deep, and you have nothing to draw with. It's not customary for you, a Jew, to ask Samaritans such." He said, "But if you knowed who you was talking to, you'd ask me for water."

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

```
**25** And so the conversation went on till He found out what her trouble was. How many knows what her trouble was? She was living in adultery. So He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any husband." Said, "That's right. You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband." Now listen what she said. She said, "Sir, I perceive that you are a Prophet. We know when the Messiah cometh He will tell us these things. The Messiah, the sign of the Messiah, He will do this when He comes; because He was the God-Prophet, the Prophet, Moses spoke of." Said, "We know Messiah will do this when He comes, but who are you?" He said, "I am He that speaks to you." And she run into the city and told the men, "Come, see a Man who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?"

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**26** Now, here stands an Ethiopian woman to an Anglo-Saxon man, first time in life meeting; what we call---a colored woman, white man. When that question was raised there, on segregation, before Jesus, He let them know real quick, there is no difference in people's colors. We all come from one tree, Adam and Eve. Exactly. The countries we lived in, it changed our color; had nothing to do with it. God died for all creatures: the white man, the black man, the yellow man, the brown man, the red man, and all. They're all creatures of God.

**27** But the lady stands here for something. Maybe she is a believer, maybe she isn't. Maybe she's a sinner. She might be a saint. She may be sick, she may not. She may want; financial trouble. She may be standing for somebody else. I don't know. I've never seen her, and I have no more idea what she is here for than nothing. And the lady knows that. Is that right, lady? [The lady says, "Yes, sir."] If that's right, raise up your hand so the people can see. Just raise up your hand so the people... Just raise up your hand. This is our first meeting. Now if the Lord Jesus will...

**28** If she is sick, I couldn't heal her, no more than I could heal you. But if Jesus is here He couldn't heal her, because He's already done it when He died at Calvary. But He can do something to prove that He is still the same Jesus, and she would believe it, she would be healed. And the same time she would be healed, you'd be healed, too, if you would believe it. Is that right? Now, may the Lord grant it. I'm waiting for the anointing of the Holy Spirit, of course. And now, in the name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit in here under my control for the glory of God.

**29** Now, lady, I just want you to look at me just a moment. I want you to believe with all your heart. And I have no more idea what you're here for, who you are, than nothing. But God knows all about you. But if God will tell me what you're here for, then you will believe that Jesus Christ, God's Son, is here to do and act the way He did when He was here on earth? Will the audience believe, with one accord?

**30** Now here we are, the scene is set. We've both got our hands up, we're strangers to one another. The Holy Spirit wrote the Bible, said these things would happen in this day, that Jesus had raised from the dead and these things would go on, His ministry would continue, and in this last day it would be just exactly the way He promised it to be. Now is it right? The lady, as she's nervous, of course---she is rubbing her hands---because she is feeling strange at this time. Not because she is standing at me; I'm her brother, wouldn't make her feel that way, but she is conscious that something is going on. And you see that picture there with that light over it, sister? That's what makes you feel that way. That's that Angel of the Lord; it's right over you now. And you're here for me to pray for you, for a back trouble that you are suffering with. That's right. Raise up your hand.

**31** Now do you believe? See, make known the secret of the heart. Just like He said, "You have five husbands." You say---now the newcomers---you might say, "Brother Branham guessed that." Let's see if it guessed. I believe it said you had back trouble. Was that right? [The sister says, "Yes."] That was the truth? ["Yes, sir!"] And you've had an operation, too, and you've just come from the hospital. And, that you might know that I be God's servant, your husband is sitting back there. ["Yes, sir, that's right."] And he's got trouble, too. If I can tell you what your husband's trouble is, will you believe? ["Yes, sir."] He's got trouble with his side and with his back. Is that right? Raise up your hand. I will tell you something else. I see a young man. Your son is sitting right back there, too. Right. And your son has some sort of spells, ["Yes, sir."] That's right. ["Yes, that's right. Thank You, Jesus."] Mrs. Stovall is your name. That's your name, Mrs. Stovall. ["Yes."] Go home, Jesus Christ has answered your prayers. You can have what you asked for, in Jesus' name.

**32** Now, just believe. All you people that's colored people, believe with all your heart now. Do you realize that Jesus Christ, God's Son, has raised from the dead? That's His Spirit that makes you feel that way. Now here is a white woman. I don't know her, don't have no idea who she is, what she is, or what you're here for. If that's right, raise up your hand. Now do you believe God can reveal her heart, just like He did the woman at the well, like He did the colored woman? How many of you white people would believe if He did it? Here, me and this woman, both with our hands up, this is our first meeting. I say one thing, the lady is not from around here. You've come from the east, coming west when you come here. That's right. You come from Ohio, and the city was Dayton. That's right. And what you're here for, is because you have weakness. And you have a nervous condition, because you can't sleep. You take some kind of a drug for that. They call you "Dixie," that's right, Mason. That's right. Go back, you're going to sleep now, from tonight on. Jesus Christ makes you well. Go in the name of the Lord.

**33** If thou canst believe! Now you out there in the audience, while the anointing of the Holy Spirit is here, you believe, you without the prayer cards. What about the old man that stood here a while ago, that couldn't get in the line, he had the wrong number, where was he at? You, stand up on your feet. Do you believe Jesus Christ to be the Son of God? Do you believe me to be His prophet? All right. You got trouble with your lungs. That's right. It's left you now, go home and be well. Jesus healed [unclear words] , see. Have faith, and believe. God is God.

**34** How do you do, sir? Do you believe the Lord Jesus Christ? Now, there was a man came to Jesus one time, and he went and got saved, and went and told another friend, and brought him. And this friend... Told him that he was a believer. And he was astonished at his hearing, and he said, "When did You ever know me?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." That was thirty miles around the mountain. On foot, it taken him a day to come back to the prayer line, and when he come in the prayer line.

```
John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**35** Do you believe that Jesus can tell me what your trouble is? Would you believe with all your heart? Will the audience believe with all their heart? It's not himself he is here for. It's for somebody else; and that's a woman, and she is shadowed with death, that's your sister. It's not exactly your... It's your half sister. And she is not here. She is in a hospital in Tennessee. So are you from there. And you're... The woman's had an operation, but it didn't do any good. And you are standing in her stead. God grant your request. Go, and may God heal that woman and make her well, upon the basis of the faith of this man. Lord God, we condemn that devil that's taking the life of that woman. And may this person, who is a relative to him, live because he has come and stood in her stead. Jesus, You stood at Calvary in our stead, and You healed us. And we believe You. May it be so. Amen. Go, believing now, brother. Take no thought for nothing else.

**36** How do you do? We are strangers to one another. This is our first time meeting. Now just be just as reverent, and listen close and pray. If we don't know one another, and we are strangers to each other, maybe our first time we've ever met. Is that right? If this is the first time we've ever met, raise up your hand. If God will reveal to me what your trouble is, then you'll believe me to be His servant? I will tell you now. We've never met before, but you're a Kentuckian. That's right. You come from a place called Somerset, Kentucky. ["Yes."] That's exactly right. I'm from Burkesville, Kentucky. And you are suffering with a trouble that it's in the stomach, bowels, the lower part. ["Yes!"] It's tumors. That's right. All right, Jewel ["Oh!"] , you go back, God grant your healing to you. ["Oh!"] Do you believe on the Son of God, the resurrected Jesus? [The sister just healed of tumors screams, "Oh!"] If thou canst receive! You might wonder why the lady is rejoicing. You would, too, if you had been in a dying condition. ["Praise His name!"]

**37** I don't know you, but if I'm not mistaken, I believe you were baptized this morning, because I see you've done something good. But, to know you, I don't know you. You just walked into the pool, and that was... you was baptized. But do you believe Jesus can reveal to me your trouble? Does the audience believe that with all their heart? I see a woman appear between me and you. You're standing here for a woman, and the woman is much older than you. Why, it's your mother. She is not here. She is from Georgia. And she is real nervous. What it is is a change of life, menopause. And you are standing for your mother. That is true. Well, she is going to get over it and be well. You go, believing now, it'll all be over. Tell her to have a good courage. God bless you, young man. Have faith. Believe with all your heart. If thou canst believe! Pray.

**38** I suppose that you and I are strangers. God knows you and He knows me. But could God reveal to me your trouble? If He would, would you believe Him? How many people in here would believe, and say, "God, I will believe if You'll tell that man"? Just a moment. The lady sitting right behind these girls here, looking at me, she is suffering with varicose veins. And she is sitting there, praying for somebody else. And her spirit has touched the High Priest; she is in contact with God. You are praying for a friend of yours, that has mental trouble. And they're living in a city, a little city; it's Corydon, Indiana. That's right. If you can believe, you can have what you asked for. Amen.

**39** You've had a heart attack; close to the end of the road. Let me tell you one of your troubles, though: smoking cigarettes. Wait a minute, that spirit jumped then. He don't want to do that. That's what is causing your trouble. Here, it's this young man sitting right over here; he wants to get rid of cigarettes, too. If he will believe with all of his heart, cigarette habit will leave. If thou canst believe! Do you believe it? If you'll believe it and act upon it, you can have your deliverance; so can you. You're not from here. You're from away from here, too. You go back to Owensboro now, praising the Lord. Have faith in God. I know you, but I don't know what's wrong with you. If the Lord will reveal to me what your trouble is, will you believe Him? Then your stomach trouble will get all right. All right. Go home and rejoice, believe with all your heart. I don't believe I know you. Are we strangers to one another? Do you believe? That what I tell you, the truth, you'd know it was the truth or not. ["Yes."] All right, your heart trouble will leave you. Go home and be well.

**40** I don't know you, but God knows you. Do you believe if I'd tell you what your trouble was, and where it was at, you'd get well? In your back. Go home now; it's going to leave you and you're going to be well. You think God could heal that tumor and make it well, without an operation? You do? Raise up your hands if you believe it. Go home and receive it, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Believe. Strange, when I said that, you had the same thing. [The sister says, "Yes, I do."] Tumor. You felt a funny feeling when I said that, because both spirits jumped the same time. Go, Jesus Christ make you well. Believe. You're a young man to have arthritis, but do you believe Jesus will make you well? If you do, walk on out, believing, and be made whole.

**41** How many believes with all your heart? What if I didn't say a word to you, but told you God healed you when you come around the corner there and you had that funny feeling, would you believe me? Go on home, you're well. Jesus Christ makes you well. You're a young woman that's suffering with nervousness. Do you believe that God will heal that nervousness and take it from you? You've been trying to find a place to start from. This is it right here. Go now, rejoicing, happy. It's over, for you. Believe with all your heart. You have a nervous condition which has caused a stomach trouble. [The brother says, "That's right."] You were healed when you raised up back there, sir. That's the reason I was waiting for you to come through. Go on, eat your supper, be well.

**42** A lady's trouble, nervous, upset. That's right. It's going to leave you now. Go home and be well, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Just have faith. You have a female disorder---that's right---causes a drainage. It's a stopped up ovary. Believe, Jesus Christ will make you well. Go home, and believe with all your heart. Now, you have a serious condition; it's in your heart, blockage. Do you believe that Jesus Christ make you well? [The sister says, "Yes."] If you believe it, go in the name of the Lord and be well. Have faith in God. All right, brother, do you believe that Jesus Christ makes you well, too? Just walk down the line, praising the Lord.

**43** How many out there now that believes on the Lord Jesus? He knows every... Mrs. Nash, I know you, but I can't help that Light holding over you. I know you, but you are praying for somebody else. It's a little kid, little child, doesn't live here. It lives down in Tennessee. Also, you're praying for your doctor friend that's got a heart trouble. [The sister says, "O God!"] And his wife has just had a slight stroke. ["O God!"] That's right. Believe, and you can be well. A little lady sitting on the end of the seat there, with her finger over her mouth, what do you think, young lady? You've had a nervous breakdown. You're scared of having another one. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand, as you wipe your tears from your eyes. Don't fear, you won't have it. The lady sitting next to you there, you got asthma, bronchial trouble. Stop smoking, it'll leave you.

**44** Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. If thou canst believe, all things are possible! Here is a lady sitting right behind this lady here. I'm sure you... The lady, just a moment, her name is Mrs. Evans. She is from Kentucky, Louisville. That's right. I don't know you. You know that's true. You got heart trouble, got trouble with your ears. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. Go back to Louisville; Jesus Christ makes you well. I challenge your faith, in the name of Jesus Christ, to believe it. Anybody in here, believe with all your heart. Way back in the back, standing way back, you believe. You don't have to be in no certain place. Over on this side, believe. How many back there needs healing? Raise your hands, and say, "I believe, Lord." Have faith.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**45** Sitting right back in this direction here, I see a man that's praying sincerely. And the vision stands there. He's a preacher. He is standing by a pulpit, and he's preaching for an increase... praying for an increase in his ministry. I never seen him before in my life. But that's what you're praying for, brother. You shall have it now. Believe on the Lord Jesus. There is a man sitting back behind him there, that's got something wrong with his arm, knots on his arm. He's also... If you'll believe it, sir, you can have your healing. Amen. Just out here at the end of this row here, second one in, a little lady with her head down, right back towards the back, sitting there praying, got gall bladder trouble. That's it, lady, you put up your hand right away. You was the one that was praying. You received your healing just then.

**46** How about it, do you believe Jesus raised from the dead? Is He here now? Do you believe Him? Then if you'll believe me, if I have told you the Bible truth, and God has turned around and vindicated I've told you the truth, that means that, perfectly, that the Lord Jesus is here. Is that right? Then you do this, do this, don't doubt, you put your hands over on somebody sitting next to you. I will pray from right here, and the whole group of you will be healed right now if you'll believe it. Will you believe it? Lay your hands over on one another, then. All that believes you're going to be healed now, say, "Amen." Now, I'm going to say this prayer. You pray it, you pray it after me: [Congregation repeats after Brother Branham.]

**47** O Lord, Creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, Giver of every good gift, I'm in need, Lord, of Your healing power. And I pray that You'll give me faith to accept it. That's Your promise. I believe that You're the same Jesus that walked the shores of Galilee, suffered under Pontius Pilate, died, rose, ascended on high, give gifts back to men, through the Holy Ghost. I believe the Holy Ghost is here carrying on the same work that You did when You were here. I embrace that promise. I accept my healing. I promise to live for You and obey Your commandments, walk in the light. And now I believe, because I have made this confession, that I am healed by Your stripes.

**48** Sit real quiet. Now just think: that's your confession; God is coming into you right now. Breathe in the Holy Spirit, by faith. "I believe that my condition is being healed. I believe that all my sickness is taken away." You're right now in the presence of God. Can't you feel that Spirit? Open your hearts, your faith. The Holy Spirit is healing the people right now; a little girl just sitting here, another one to my right. The whole platform seems to be illuminated with the power of the risen Christ. He's over the audience. He's in the people. Now, that was your prayer. Now I'm going to pray and ask the devil of doubt to get away from you.

**49** O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, hear my prayer, Lord; quickly, while the Holy Ghost is here, before the people perish. I condemn the devil. Jesus Christ took the victory away from you, He won it at Calvary; He triumphed over death, the devil, hell, and the grave, and rose again on the third day, and is alive forevermore. Come out of here, Satan; you are a defeated being. Leave this people, and let them be healed, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

**50** All that accept your healing, stand to your feet right now. In the name of Jesus Christ, rise up! Amen. Raise your hands to Him, and praise Him. Only people that I see that's not up, there's a man sitting here in a wheel chair, Ken Heelie. I know what his case is; he's a polio case. Looked like a wheel chair back there. Let's see. There's a case, a lady with one limb. Is that right? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? I'm a stranger to you. I cannot heal you. But do you believe God can tell me what your trouble is? If it would do, would it help you? You're a diabetic. That's true. Now believe it, and go home and be well, you in the wheel chair. That's all you have to do, is believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and be healed. Raise your hands now, and say, "Thank You, Lord, for healing me. Thank You, Lord, for healing me. I praise You, Lord, for healing me. God is good! God is great! God is precious! God is real! God is here! The Holy Ghost is here. The power of God is here. And I now believe with all that's in me, that Jesus Christ, God's Son, makes me well. Amen."

**51** If there be any here who is condemned of sin, and knows that your sins are not under the blood, and right now in the presence of God who knows your thoughts, and the Holy Spirit is telling me this, would you like to accept Him as your personal Saviour, and want to be remembered in prayer? Raise your hand, all that's in here. God bless you, and you, and you, and you, and you. That's right. Back there, you, and over here. Sure. Back here, God bless you, son. God bless you over there. God bless you. That's right. See, the Holy Spirit is never wrong, when the Holy Spirit says. I was fixing to turn the service for Brother Neville, for the healing is over, but Something said, "They need healing of the soul." If you want to receive Jesus as your personal Saviour, bow your head just a moment. Let's offer prayer.

**52** Brother Neville, I'm so hoarse, you offer this prayer, will you. All right. [Brother Neville prays, "Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, who has so gloriously walked here among us tonight. As these that bow their head, in faith tonight, believing that You are able to deliver them, both soul and body. Save the ones that believe now in repentant faith. Dear God, may this night be a different night to them. Give them now the desire, O God. And give them now, O Lord Jesus, that much desired knowledge of sins forgiven. Save every one, O God, that bowed their head out there, that asked an interest in prayer. And may they, from this time on, may they purpose in their heart to live for Him who died for them. In Jesus' name and for Jesus' sake we pray. Amen, and amen. Praise the Lord!"]
