---
Date: 1959-08-14
Title: As I thought on my ways
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Miami Valley Chatauqua Camp in Chatauqua, Ohio, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 36 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# As I thought on my ways



**1** Thank you, Brother Sullivan. Be seated. I'm so glad to be back again tonight into this Chatauqua, I believe they call it. And anyhow, at this time, it's the house of God, for here's where we are gathering together for His services. And I was so happy after I got home last night to find out that there was so many come and got saved. That's what we are here for mainly, is to get sinners saved. And I'd like to say to those young newborn Christians tonight: You find you a good church somewhere that preaches the full Gospel, that believes in divine healing, and believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And there you find you a good church of your choice, and then settle down there and be a real servant to Christ. Tell the pastor you got saved over here, and he will be glad to receive you into his fellowship of the saints. And that's the way you grow in the statue of Christ, is to have fellowship with all the saints of the living God.

**2** Now, we're expecting tomorrow night to be a great night. It's usually the anticipation, the peoples waiting. Tomorrow afternoon, our good brother and friend, Brother Grumett Thoms from South Africa is going to have a little missionary rally on the grounds here. As Brother Sullivan has just told me, that it's going... It's announced. I know this brother real well. He's a fine boy. And he's away from home; he's an Afrikaans. And I know how it feels to be treated good when you're an alien. But he's just an alien in the nation; he's a brother with us in Christ with the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And when he come over here, he lightened up my church down there by taking one of my girls away for his wife. One of my deacon's daughters is his wife, a lovely Christian girl. They've certainly made a good pair, and they was married. And now on the field to preach the Gospel.

**3** And this young missionary is going to spend his life in his home country in Africa. He knows the tribes. You'll probably hear him testify tomorrow afternoon of our African meeting and what the Lord did, how thirty thousand raw heathens come to Christ at one altar call. I was standing there when it happened, around hundred, hundred and fifty thousand at the Durban racetrack. And when they seen the power of the Lord God to take an insane man walking on his hands and feet with a chain around his neck, and in one moment's time made him a perfect normal man. Thirty thousand people surrendered their lives to Jesus Christ. And the next morning while I was sitting in the hotel, the mayor of the city, Sidney Smith, had been down to see me. And I heard something coming down the street. I looked out, and there was seven big cattle truck loads, coming down the street, of wheelchairs and crutches, and sticks and clubs, and cots that they'd picked them up on the field. There was twenty-five thousand miracles performed at one time immediately after all them come to Christ. Twenty-five thousand crippled, blind, twisted. And the next morning they were going down the street, the people who was in them the day before, and a great long procedure, the police leading it, and these big trucks just piled, running over the top with wheelchairs, cots, stretchers, clubs. And those people walking behind. Different tribes---fourteen, fifteen different tribes---walking behind that was in them cots the day before, with their hands in the air, singing their native language, "All Things Are Possible, Only Believe."

**4** Oh, I sat in the window. I wept like a baby. They didn't need nothing else. There was just four people ever got to the platform. One of them was a woman which was a Hindu with her dot between her eyes. And she... I said, "You're Hindu. And why do you come to me as a Christian?" She said, "I believe you can help me," through the interpreter. And so, I said, "Well, why would you come to Jesus? Why don't you go to Mohammed?" And she said, "I believe that you can help me." I said, "Well, if He will reveal to me what's your trouble, will you believe it's the Jesus of the New Testament?" She said, "I've read the New Testament, and I will believe it, for that is what He said He would do."

**5** And I looked at her again, and the Holy Spirit was merciful. I said, "You have a cyst on the womb. You was at the doctor the other day, and your husband's a short stout man with a mustache, and he wears a gray suit. The doctor said you had a cyst and must be operated on." She said, "That is the truth. And I now accept Jesus as my personal Saviour." A Mohammedan. Ten thousand Mohammedans out there looking at us, great staunch Mohammedans. The next was a white woman. Told her to prepare for death, for she wasn't going to live. And she had a little tumor on the breast. She walked down and lived about twenty minutes, and dropped dead with a heart attack in the meeting.

**6** And then the very next morning, a woman had been pronounced dead by the doctors was brought back to life by prayer. See, you can't heal. You can only say what God says say. And then... Brother Grumett will tell you about it probably tomorrow. And when this final... After this man there, not even in his right mind, thought I wanted him to do a dance with his hands, like the tourist clown. And I said, "Well, if I could heal him and would not do it, I'd be an awful person. I cannot heal that poor man. But his life cannot be hid if the Holy Spirit will reveal it to me."

**7** And then I asked them ... told them what Jesus was, and what He did. He did not heal. He said, "I only do as the Father shows Me." Then when that man was... The Spirit showed that he was raised in a Christian home, and said all about him. And every bit of it was the truth. And his father and mother stood up, about a half a city block across the track, and witnessed that was true. Then I was going to pass him on. I seen like a shadow. I looked in that shadow, and there he stood on his feet normally. There wasn't enough demons in torment can stop that. So I said, "How many here, Mohammedans and all will receive Jesus as personal Saviour if God will make that man stand up on his feet and be normal and well?" Just as far as you could see, the hands. They had to fence them off, because they had tribal wars among themselves. But when God healed the man, he stood up, not only healed in his body, never walked up like that before in his life, he was in his right mind, looking around, the tears dropping off of his cheeks onto his naked belly, splattering like that. Thousands raised their hands. And we estimated with a low estimation of thirty thousand came to the Lord Jesus at that one time.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 8:28 Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.

```
**8** Then I said, "If you believe that God is here to answer prayer, all you that's sick need not to go any farther, for the God of heaven has been here to tell you Mohammedans, and tell you Zulus, and Songhais, and Basutos, and all you tribes here through your man that's on the platform here, that He's present, will you accept it? Have faith in God while I pray," and offered a prayer. And twenty-five thousand outstanding miracles taken place with one prayer. Now, you can wonder why it's hard to preach in America when something like that can take place. And at Bombay, India, they estimated nearly a half a million there. And was no way of telling how... They could only let me stay there three days, because there's no place to take care of the people.

**9** That's why we're here in America now, waiting for the hour when we can cross the seas again, where we can go into those people. And the offerings and so forth that we get, all over the expenses, goes directly to that cause. Then when we get there at the judgment bar, you'll see that that's the truth. That everything that we have done with reverence, we've put it to the kingdom of God, every cent that we can, and live as meager as we possibly can do, so that the kingdom of God... I do not believe that we ought to be building three or four million dollar churches and preaching, "Jesus is coming," and men on the field preaching the Gospel with no shoes on. It's not right. My brothers is on the field. Other day under investigation, the fellow said, "You buy your suits from Penny's and pay seventeen dollars?" I said, "That's right." Said, "You can afford better suits than that." I said, "Not when my brothers are eating two meals a week, no shoes on their feet, preaching the Gospel that I'm standing for. I can't afford any better than that." That's exactly right. We have no right. No, sir. We have no right to blow millions for big buildings that's almost morgues anyhow. And millions are dying that don't even know Jesus Christ as Saviour, and crying and begging to receive it. And we put a big church up on this corner and proselyte this one on the other corner over here, make fun of them and tell them they're all wrong. Millions of such things are going on, and millions dying yearly that never heard the name of Jesus one time. While we're fussing, they're dying over there without knowing Christ. And God's going to hold us responsible for it in that day.

**10** Well, that wasn't my text. I just can't help from saying those things. So you come to hear Brother Thoms tomorrow. He's here in the building somewhere, somewhere. I know he is, he and his wife. And, yes, Brother Grumett, I'm certainly glad to see he and his little wife there. And they'll be here at two, is it? Two-thirty tomorrow afternoon. The Lord bless you. Before we read the Word, let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. And I might say this before I pray: If the Lord willing, I want to preach tomorrow night, if the Lord willing, on "As The Eagle Stirs Its Nest."

**11** Lord, You are our only hope, the only means of salvation. And we are so glad, Lord, when we think about overseas, to the millions sitting in darkness, worshipping animals. And they're worshipping images made of mud and of stone, sprinkled with blood of fowls and animals, seeking for mercy, breaking their bones, and cutting their faces, and trying to find peace... And here in our own lovely land, Jesus Christ has been so good to us to give us peace, and we can hardly get the people to walk across the street to receive it. No wonder judgment is hanging in the hangers. O God, we would pray tonight that You'd be merciful to us. And we pray for our Brother Toms, as he and his little wife crosses the sea. May he be anointed with the Holy Ghost, to bring mercy and peace to those that are sitting in darkness. Bless this young couple, Lord, as they're yet youthful, and can stand the wear of the jungle. We pray that You'll be with them.

**12** We pray tonight, Lord, that You'll give a burning vision to we Americans, especially we who call ourselves Christians, that the need is so great. O Lord, send us mercy. And we pray that missionaries, and men and women that are called to the fields, will hurry quickly; for the hour is coming when communism is swallowing them countries up, and they'll not be privileged to preach the Gospel. While the door is open, may every missionary minded person either go, or support somebody that can go. And Lord, we would ask now that You'd remember our nation tonight, and our people. And we pray for our churches. Many times we have to scold them, Lord, and sometimes don't understand why we do it. But it's the working of the Holy Spirit to bring us, shake us, and let us know that the need is great. We ask to bless our churches.

**13** May these coming weekends be great days, and may this community through here literally be shook by the power of God, and an old fashion revival come. Grant it, Lord. Bless all the ministers that are here tonight, and our precious Brother Sullivan, who has labored, and helped, and tried, and put every effort. You see all these things, for Your eye is on the sparrow. And we pray now that as we read the Word, that You'll send the Holy Spirit to interpret it to us. May souls be saved, and sick people be healed, and backsliders be reclaimed again into the kingdom of God. And may those who are seeking the Holy Ghost find this is the application and be saved and filled with the Spirit. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**14** I'd like to read from two different places tonight, a verse out of each Psalm. Psalms 46:1, and Psalms 119:56. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. And then, in 119:59, I thought on my ways, and turned my feet to thy testimonies. This Psalm is believed by the clergy, and by the historians, that David cried out this when his house was being watched by Saul and his soldiers. And he knew that when he went out the door in daylight, there might be a spear, or a dart, or an arrow driven through his back, or between the buckler pieces on his shields of his breast.

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

Psalm 119:59 I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.

```
**15** And I can see David as he paced back and forth, up-and-down on the floor, wringing his hands, walking to and fro in his house, for he was in trouble. And usually, it's when men are in trouble that they turn to God. I've heard many people laugh and say, "There is no God." But when they get in trouble, that's the first thing they think of doing, is calling on Him. A noted infidel, Bob Ingersol. It is said that when he was in the hospital room, dying, and he knowed that he was going to go out of this life soon, when death struck him, he screamed and said, "O God, if there be a God, have mercy on my soul." Advised his children not to go the way he went, but take the route that mother had went. You'll think of it sometime or other.

**16** Some years ago, I was talking to the judge of our city. And he's a good friend of mine. He comes up to my church once in a while. And I was down there to see him about a young boy who had stolen a car. And his mother laid on my steps nearly all night. And the next morning she said, "Brother Branham," she said, "Judge will listen to you." She said, "Ask for mercy for my son." Well, that was the least I could do. And the next morning I went down to the office, and I knocked on the door. The man opened the door, and he said, "The judge is busy." I said, "All right. Tell him I'd like to see him in a few moments." He heard my voice. He said, "Come in, Brother Branham." And he said, "What can I do for you." And I give him the story. He said, "Brother Branham, that boy is not his first time. This is about five times for him." And I said, "But Judge, he told me if you would give him one more chance, he'd come up to church, and come to Sunday school, and make a report every Sunday." He said, "Brother Branham, every man that I have to sentence to penitentiary is going to be a preacher, until he gets out." That's the way it is. We try to make God all kinds of promises when we're in trouble. But when we get out of trouble, then we forget all about it.

**17** Israel was the same way. When Israel got in trouble, when it got away from God... And when anyone gets away from God, any nation, any people, any church, trouble's in the way. And when they'd leave God for a season and get in trouble, they'd always scream out to God, and kill sacrifices, and do honor to God until God came and helped them, and then forget Him again. That just lays in human beings, seemingly, to do that. Looks like they enjoy coming to the Lord, but it's so quickly forgotten. Why, we have seen the hand of God enough in this meeting here to remember till the day we die. If we should live another fifty to a hundred years, to remember what God has done for us.

**18** David later cried out, "Bind Thy commandments on my bedpost. I will honor Thy statutes, and all..." when he seen the goodness of God. But you know, the Psalmist said again that God is our refuge, a very present help in a time of trouble. So, it's good to know God, find God, get on speaking terms with Him while there's nothing wrong. Then in the time of trouble, He's a very present help---in the time of trouble.

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

```
**19** Not long ago, I was talking to an evangelist. And he said, "One of the strangest things happened." Said, "A young colored boy had come to him a few nights before to be saved." And said, "He just never waited for altar calls." Said, "When I got to the pulpit, he walked right straight up, and he said, 'Parson, I want to accept Jesus as my personal Saviour.'" And he said, "Certainly, son. I'm very happy to hear you say that, and to pray with you. But what is the sudden change? What's happened? Have you ever been to church much?" Said, "No, sir, I haven't." He said, "I've been more or less a vagabond." He said, "And about six months ago, I'd wandered way up in the state of Maine." And said, "I was out on a little lonely road, walking. And I'd gotten hungry, and I was out of money." And said, "I hired out to some pulp cutters." And said, "They told me, 'You might help. We got a colored woman washing dishes ... or, cooking. You might wash dishes for her.'" And said he told them, "Well, that's all right. I don't care what to do. I want to work awhile. And they said, 'We will feed you and give you so much.'"

**20** So he said, "About two nights after he'd been there, he'd just washed the dishes and had been laying down in the bed, thinking." Between his room and the old lady's room, there's a piece of canvas was hung up. She had a lantern sitting on a box. And said that he heard two men outside, talking. And he begin to hear a real funny noise taking place, a real mournful, rumbling noise. And said one of the men said to the other one, those great big husky woodsmen, said, "Jim, we better go on down to the cabin, for we may be blowed off the face of the earth in the next few minutes." Said it alarmed him. And he'd had his head under the covers. Said he threw the little blanket back and, "What could be going wrong?" But said, "In a few minutes, the lightning begin to flash in the window." And said he got up and looked out the window, and said one of those great tornadoes that hits that country was a-winding through the timbers just a little ways ahead. And said, he said, "What if it would strike this place," within himself.

**21** And said, "The old auntie in the next room said, knocked on the little canvas, she said, 'Son, come over here.' Said, 'I've got a lantern lit.'" Said, "I went over into her room, and she took hold my hand and she said, 'Young fellow, are you a Christian?'" Said, "No ma'am, I'm not." "Well," said, "you'd better get down here now, for within the next few minutes, this little cabin, if that hurricane stays in this path, will be blowed into pieces." He said, "She dropped down by the side of that old soap box." And he said, "I never heard anyone pray with such coolness. She talked to Somebody that she'd talked to before," he said. And he said, "She didn't seem to mind if the cabin blowed away." But said, "All of a sudden, limbs begin to hit the cabin, trees uprooting and falling in." And the minister said, "Did you pray?" He said, "No, sir. I was too scared to pray." Said, "I didn't know but what the next one fell would take me. But this one thing I said, 'Lord, if You'll be merciful to me, when I get out of here, I'm going to know You as my Saviour." He said, "That's what I'm here for now. For I don't know when I will hit another storm like that." And he wanted to come while he was in his right mind, and while he could think, and when he could pray, and when he could think for himself, and get in contact with God.

**22** I do believe there is a deathbed repentance. But don't you depend on it, for it might be... I've seen many on the side of the road in wrecks, glass drove through their bodies, and some shot and a bullet through them. I'd run to them quickly, I say, "You're a Christian?" "No," and can't pray. Don't you take a chance on it, for now God is our refuge and our strength. And He's a very present help in trouble. Think on your ways now.

**23** Sometime ago, I kind of took advantage of a little trip. I'd just got married. I see my wife sitting there looking at me. And we just got married, and I was going to take her on a little honeymoon. We'd saved up a few nickels, and I was going up to Niagara Falls. And I thought while I was that close to the Adirondack, I might as well get a little hunting in. So I took her with me hunting. And so when I was... So when I was... Put her in a little lean-to. The ranger was coming up the next day, up on Hurricane Mountain, the Adirondack.

**24** My mother's a part Indian. And I thought I was too much of a woodsman to ever be turned around. So I told her, I said, "Now, Meda..." Billy was with her then, about five years old. And I said... His mother, you know, is dead. And so, I said, "Now, you have my dinner ready; I will be back about noon. I'm going down here. There's a bear using that side of the mountain, and I'm going down." Well, I got on the trail of that bear, and I kept on going. And went over in a few more hills, and a few more hills. And after while, I looked across and I seen a great big buck, just what I was looking for for that fall. I shot the deer, and I said, "Say, looky here. There's a storm coming."

**25** And if anyone ever hunted and know what a storm means in the mountains, you'd just better sit down. But I couldn't sit down; I had a wife and baby; and they was in the woods for the first time in life in a little lean-to. Well, they'd freeze to death. It would go to ten below that night. And that storm coming, it might last two or three days. And my wife's the biggest coward I ever seen in the woods, and she'd be scared to death. So I thought I must go back. So I got my gun up real quick. And I put on my coat. And I started up a little drain that I'd come down. And I walked. The fog was coming low, and the wind down low. I said, "Well, I know how to get out of here; I will just go straight back up, go over the side of the hill, and go right over to the camp. It isn't over five miles from here."

**26** So I walked and I walked. And I said, "Where did I turn off at here?" And the first thing you know, I stopped, and I was standing by the side of my deer. I started again, and I come back to the same place. I started again, going one certain way, and come back to the same place. Now, the Indian calls that the death walk; you're walking in a circle. You'll never get out of that. So, and I'd come over... I knew I'd crossed over the mountain some way and got into the, what's called the giants; it was flat. But which way could I go back? How did I get away from that circle? Well, I got nervous. And I said, "Now, wait a minute. Billy, you're too good a woodsman to be lost," talking to myself. "You know you know how to get out of here. You must know. Meda will die, and so will Billy. And you must go out of here." I said, "Sure. I know how to get out. I will just go right up here, and turn off, and go over."

**27** I started walking. And I got more nervous, and I knowed I was lost. And the fog was almost as low as that curtain. And blowing through there, just snowing, fogging, wind... And I knew it was going to be a problem to get out of there. And I started. I said, "Now, when I come over the mountain, the wind was in my face. So I'm going right straight back with the wind." And I had the wind to my back. If it was in my face... And I started off that way. And when I did, I heard Something quote this Scripture, which came to me this afternoon. "God is a very present help in a time of trouble. He is our refuge and our strength." Well, I just kept walking on. And then it kept getting louder and louder. "Oh," I said, "I'm imagining that." I said, "Now, I know I'm getting nervous."

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

```
**28** When anyone's lost any amount of time, they get a fever. Then they start running, get out of their head, fall over a cliff or something and kill themselves. And so, I knew that was what was happening to me, that I was going to get that fever coming on me, because I was thinking of my wife. Ordinarily, I'd have found a little place and pulled in, got me a porcupine or something, and that'd been it till the storm was over. But I couldn't think for them. They were going to die. And I said, "I must get to them." So I said, "I'm getting nervous now. So I will know this is the way; I'm going right straight this way." And something kept saying, "God is our refuge, and He is a present help in the time of trouble."

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

```
**29** So, I said, "Now, I must be cracking up. I'm losing my mind now, because I'm hearing that in my ears." And I said, "It can't be. I'm going right. I know I'm right. I'm too good a woodsman to be lost." I just kept going. I said, "I know directions, and I'm not lost." Sometimes people like to kid themselves like that today by joining a church. Don't kid yourself. You better be lined up right. God is our refuge and strength, and a present help in the time of troubles. And as I walked on, I thought, "Here, I know I'm going wrong, because I'm turning right back around this way again, and I realized that I was lost." Oh, that's a horrible feeling, to be lost. So I said, "I admit, Lord, that I'm no woodsman. I will have to trust You." I took my hat off, and knelt down on it. Set my rifle beside the tree. And I said, "Lord, I am lost. I'm not worthy to live. But she and Billy is worthy of living. I brought them into the woods. Not for my sake, Lord, but for their sake, direct me out of these woods, Lord. Oh, I'm lost and I don't know where I am. And You're the only One can help me. This late November, this storm may last for days."

```
Psalm 46:1 To the chief Musician for the sons of Korah, A Song upon Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

```
**30** I got up, pulled my hat back out, put it on my head. I said, "Now, I know as a Christian; I will follow this one direction. And I will go on." And I started walking on. And I said, "Now, this is my idea. I'm going straight this way. That's the way I feel to go." And as I started walking, all of a sudden, Something laid it's hands on me. You may say, "Brother Branham, you just thought that." No, I didn't. I felt it so much till I turned. And when I turned, it must have been God, for the fog cleared away far enough for me to see I was going directly from Hurricane Mountain; I saw the tower behind me where the ranger stayed. But he wasn't there in that time of year. I was going straight into Canada.

**31** Oh, I turned quickly towards the direction that I seen the tower in. I knowed I couldn't move. I had to go over cliffs and everything to get to it. But at least six or seven miles in that storm... What could've pulled back that fog but the hand of God? If anyone was ever in a storm in the mountains, why, it's so thick you can hardly sometimes see your hands before you. And for miles, it cleared back just for a spare of a moment. And I'd had my back turned to it, but Something laid Their hands on me, and caused me to turn to see what it was. He's a very present help in a time of trouble. When I got my bearings, I took off my hat, and I said, "God, I've served You some ten years or better now. I will serve You till I die. Direct me, O Lord to that tower." I had to keep my course. That's the way it is. When God saves you, you've got to keep your course towards Calvary. Don't you turn right or left.

**32** I seen on top of that mountain, there was that little ranger's cabin where... And I knowed if I got to that, there's a telephone line run all the way down about six miles down the mountain until it got to the little lean-to right where we were at, because the cabin was close to the lean-to. It wasn't open yet. He was coming up later to hunt with me. Well, over the hills, up over shale rock, sliding, cutting myself. It got dark, because I'd been walking around. It was about nearly four thirty that afternoon then. And it got dark, and I couldn't see no more. Storm twisting and blowing, and animals running.

**33** I had to walk with my hand up, because I know I'd tacked that line on the tree just about that high. And I knowed if I was in the right direction, my hand would finally hit that line. And I'd keep this hand up, and snow would go down, it blizzarding and freezing way up high on the mountain. My arm would be so cold and numb. And I'd have to stop, put my rifle in this hand to get it warm, put it under my coat, then reach back so I'd be sure I didn't cross it. Raise my hand up again and start walking. Darker and darker. And it's getting... I knowed my wife would be frantically. Finally, I thought I'd lost the way. And I stopped many times. But after while I hit something. I'd stop, and it'd be a branch. I'd pull it. It'd be a branch. I'd raise my hand again and start again. That's the way you go to Calvary, with both hands up hollering for mercy. God directs you.

**34** You don't know how I felt when my hand hit something. I pulled on it, and it was the wire. I knowed I could hold to that wire. It would lead me to my loved ones. What a feeling it was to know that God had helped me. That was a relief; I knowed that I was saved then. But it wasn't nothing like the thrill it was one night when I held my hands in the air until something else touched my hand and my heart: Was a wire of the Holy Spirit that tells me that the end of this road my loved ones and Saviour is awaiting. As I thought on my ways, I wasn't a hunter. I wasn't a woodsman. God was my refuge and my strength.

**35** Like the prodigal son, when he was in the pig pen and he came to himself; he begin to think on his ways, the way he'd treated his father, the way he'd treated others. And he came to himself. And as he thought on his ways, he said, "I will arise and go to my father and say, 'I'm not worthy to be your child. Make me one of your hired servants.'" As he thought on his ways, he turned towards the father's house. It was Job, the patriarch. Not only did he think on his own ways; he thought on his children's ways. He thought this: When his young boys and girls was out having their parties, he said, "Peradventure they might have sinned, and I will offer a burnt offering for them anyhow." He thought on his children's ways.

```
Job 1:5 And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually.

Luke 15:18 I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,

Luke 15:19 And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.

```
**36** I'm telling you, if more American mothers and fathers would think on their children's ways instead of sending them out to these rock-and-roll parties, and dances, and shindigs, there'd be a better nation. Job said, "If they have sinned, I will offer an offering for them." And when trouble struck him, he could say, "I know my Redeemer liveth, and at the last days He will stand on the earth. Though the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh I will see God. Though He slay me, yet I will trust Him." For he thought on his ways, that God was a present help in the time of trouble.

```
Job 1:5 And it was so, when the days of their feasting were gone about, that Job sent and sanctified them, and rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all: for Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their hearts. Thus did Job continually.

Job 13:15 Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him.

Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Job 19:26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God:

```
**37** It was the patriarch David. When he was sitting before the prophet Nathan, and Nathan revealed to him his own sinful ways. And when David begin to think on his ways, that he'd taken that lovely friend of his, Uriah, took the pretty Bathsheba, his wife. And she was then to be mother. And tried to get him to come in and live with his wife so he could lay it on to her, that it was his baby ... or, lay it ... say it was Uriah's child. But Uriah, that gallant soldier, being yet only a proselyte... He was a Gentile, a Hittite. But he said, "God forbid me to go down with my wife, and the ark of my God on the battlefield." When I cross the line between this life and that one there, I want to shake Uriah's hand. He was a real man. "God forbid. My brothers out there and the ark of my God on the battlefield, and me go down and live with my wife, and my brothers out there."

```
2 Samuel 11:11 And Uriah said unto David, The ark, and Israel, and Judah, abide in tents; and my lord Joab, and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing.

```
**38** And David had Joab to take him to the battlefront and withdraw from him, and he died under the enemy's power as the sun went down holding the shield. When Nathan the prophet revealed it to him, and told him, "David, thou art the rich man," David thought on his ways then, that he knowed his sins wasn't hid before God. And it brought him to sackcloth, and he wept bitterly in sackcloth and ashes. Sure, when you think on your way. It was Jacob, the patriarch, who had told a lie and had made a hypocrite out of himself, to steal the birthright of his brother. He'd been faring presumptuously a long time, but he begin to think about going home.

```
2 Samuel 12:7 And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the hand of Saul;

```
**39** There might be many in here tonight is thinking about going home. Old age is catching up with you. Sickness is got you in a grip. Better think on your ways before you get there. And as Jacob on his way with his wife and his children, he heard a message coming that Esau with a great army was coming to meet him. And he begin to think on his ways, the way he'd done Esau, cheated him. And it drove him to prayer all night long. He wrestled with the Angel of the Lord. I trust tonight that men and women, boys and girls who has neglected the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You don't know how near you are to home. I trust that you'll purpose in your heart that you'll wrestle with the Angel of the Lord, and not let Him go until you're blessed.

```
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

```
**40** When the Angel of the Lord touched Jacob, he walked different from then on. He was a big fine running coward on one side, but a limping prince on the other side of the brook. You walk different; and you think different. He wasn't afraid to meet Esau then, because he had wrestled with the Angel. Think on your ways. It was Moses who was living peacefully, marrying the sheik of Midian's daughter, Zipporah. And while he was out there herding the sheep, one day on the backside of the desert with a familiar old path he was walking down, herding the sheep, at peace. Israel was in bondage under slavery. He was thinking on his ways. "This is not my job as a sheepherder. God called me to be a preacher." How do I know that I'm not preaching to a Moses tonight that's out yonder in a steel factory, down here at the pulp factory, or out yonder driving a truck somewhere, that God hasn't commissioned you to save souls. Instead of doing it, you've got you a job to make your daily bread, living at ease, and thousands of souls going into destruction.

```
Genesis 32:25 And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.

Genesis 32:31 And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh.

```
**41** How do I know that I'm not preaching to a man or a woman that's called to the mission field, and yet you're selling that birthright for a morsel of bread. Come to yourself. Think on your ways. See what will it gain you... What will you prosper by it? If you gain the whole world and lose your soul, what have you done? Think on your ways. And as Moses begin to think on his ways, "I'm a murderer; I'm a coward. God called me to be a preacher. I was borned a peculiar birth. I was hid in the bulrushes. I will never forget my mother's story when she told me that God had called me. I had the message in my heart. But I got so much theology in me, why, I tried to do it my own way. But still there's a God somewhere or He'd never spared my life." While he was thinking on his ways, he happened to look sideways and there was a burning bush to answer him. God have mercy.

```
Matthew 16:26 For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

Mark 8:36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?

Luke 9:25 For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?

```
**42** There's a burning bush here tonight to answer every brother away from a call of God. Think on your ways. The Holy Ghost is here to heal the sick, showing signs and wonders and miracles. Many of you people has wanted to be a Christian. Many of you has wanted to do something for God. And you've neglected it for the washtub, for a job out yonder in a factory somewhere. Some of you women that ought to be home with your kids, reading the Bible to them. You got a job out yonder to make a extra dollar. Shame on you. God gave you a job; that's raise them children. Teach them the things of God. It's the truth. Think on your ways, woman. What will them dollars do? They'll ring like Judas Iscariot's did. Think on your ways and turn your foot to His testimonies, unto His blood, unto His grace, unto His offer. "As I thought on my ways," said David, "I turned my feet to thy testimony." Sure. Think on your ways as you go.

```
Psalm 119:59 I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.

```
**43** Notice. Moses thought on his ways, and he turned his feet to the testimonies of the Lord. God blessed him and give him a call, renewed his vow, done all the things that He'd promised and, made him a great deliverer. There may be one soul that God has called you to save, but you're not doing it. How do you know who that soul is? Look at the little old wash woman up here in Kentucky, I believe it was, that had a calling in her heart to have a revival in the town, back in the early Methodist days. And when she did, she rented an old livery stable. She washed clothes, till she got enough money to rent the livery stable; she cleaned it out, put her own wash bench down, took some tracts down. Hired an old preacher to come preach. The old servant of the Lord come that night to preach just as gallant. Every time they'd look at a tract, they'd throw it on the ground and walk away. She was crying. She started to move. Said, "I don't know what to do, Lord."

**44** And a little old boy with hair hanging down his neck, his daddy's suspenders on, an old pair of jean britches, walked up and said, "Woman, what are you giving away?" She said, "Honey, it's a tract." Said, "I can't read." Said, "There'll be a little meeting over there tonight at the certain old livery stable." And that night, when the call was made, the doors were open. The old preacher and the woman was the only one there. He got up to preach his message that was burning in his heart. After while, that little old long-haired boy staggered into the building. That night, he come to the altar. I don't remember, I believe that was Dwight Moody that sent a million souls to Calvary. Hallelujah!

**45** How do you know that God hasn't called you, and you're forfeiting them blessings of God just because of pride and to try to act like the Joneses. I'd rather live in a haystack, drink branch water, and eat salty crackers, and stay in the call of God, than to have chicken three times a day, and live in a palace, and have to miss the things that [unclear words.] Think on your ways as you go. Hallelujah! Yes, He's God. Think. As I thought on my ways... What are you going to be, pretty little miss, tonight? Out here somewhere, cheeks all painted up, think you're something; one of these days, that little form of yours will rot and mold in the ground. Where's that soul going to be then? Think on your ways.

**46** What about you know-it-all. You men and women that think you're smarter than somebody else. Did you know God made the Gospel so plain that even a fool shouldn't error? Think on your ways. Think about Jesus Christ who was called a crazy man to bring this message of salvation to you. Think of the apostles that sealed their testimony, and come out of all kinds of big churches and was called heretics. Are you better than they? No, never by a million miles. You're not better than they. Think on your ways, and turn your feet to Calvary. It's the only remedy that God has for salvation is through Calvary. Only thing that He has.

**47** It was Peter, when he heard the rooster crow three times, that he thought on his ways. For Jesus Christ had told him that such a thing would happen. And when he seen the thing that Jesus promised come to pass, he thought on his ways. And he went out and wept bitterly. To some of you here tonight, and maybe on the grounds, some of these people who think this is a bunch of holy-rollers, who thinks that the salvation of God is a fanaticism, and you see come to pass, night after night, the very thing that our Lord said, "There'd be a sign given that's possible that I go away, and I will send the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost. When He comes, He will testify of Me. And in the last days, the sign of Sodom will appear." Think on your ways while you look and see what Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man."

```
Matthew 26:34 Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

Matthew 26:75 And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.

Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:29 But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

Luke 22:34 And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.

Luke 22:60 And Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew.

Luke 22:61 And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.

Luke 22:62 And Peter went out, and wept bitterly.

John 14:16 And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;

John 15:26 But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:

```
**48** And you see homosexual on the increase. You see the signs appearing. You see the Angel of the Lord, the same One was at Sodom, right among us tonight working. He's called the Holy Ghost, the One that Jesus sent in His place. Jesus can't be here in body form, but He sent the Holy Ghost to take His place to do the same works that He did. Think on your self-styled ways. Think on that bunch of creeds that you're serving instead of serving the real living God. "Except a man be borned again, he will in no wise see the kingdom of God." Think on your ways. Oh, you might be a doctor of divinity. I don't know what you are. But if you're lost, you better think on your ways, for there's a time coming.

```
John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

```
**49** It was when the high priest counted out the thirty pieces of silver to Judas. When he heard the ringing of that silver, Judas thought on his ways, and he went and took a rope and hung himself. It was the Roman soldier, that when he had stood there and seen the sun go down in the middle of the day, he saw the rocks ring out of the mountains. He heard One say, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." He'd pressed his spear into His heart and seen the water and blood flow out. When he seen that, he begin to think on his ways and he fell on his face, and screamed, and said, "Truly, that is the Son of God." Begin to think on his ways when he'd seen what he'd done.

```
Matthew 27:54 Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.

Luke 23:34 Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.

John 19:34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.

```
**50** You think of what you've done. Look at the evil. Look how you've put off Christ. You've intended to be a real Christian. You've intended to be filled with the Holy Ghost. You've intended someday, but your intention will never get you there. Hell's paved with good intentions. Brother, when you think on your ways, do the same thing the Roman soldier did: Cry out to God, and say, "Truly, He is the Son of God. And I will turn my feet to His testimonies. I will live for Him who dies for me."

```
Psalm 119:59 I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.

Matthew 27:54 Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God.

```
**51** As you see the Holy Spirit moving, working great signs and wonders, think on your ways. When you see the last sign that God said would take place, that Sodom was before it was destroyed; when you see that, think on your ways. Think of what you're doing. If you are a Christian, think the life you're living. Are you living above reproach? Are you doing the things that pleases God? Have your heart no condemnation? If you're a sinner, quiver under the power of God and come to the altar. If you're been thinking on your ways while I've been preaching, if God has convicted you that you're wrong, then I can tell you one thing: I can introduce you to something that's here tonight. For there is a fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Immanuel's veins, Where sinners plunged beneath the flood, Lose all their guilty stain. That dying thief rejoiced to see That fountain in his day; (after he'd seen the sign that He was the Son of God.) There may I, though vile as he, Wash all my sins away. Ever since by faith I saw that stream Thy flowing wounds supplied, Redeeming love has been my theme, And shall be till I die. Then in a nobler, sweeter song, I'll sing Thy power to save, When this poor lisping, stammering tongue Lies silent in the grave.

```
Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:29 But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**52** Oh, my. There's room at the fountain for every one of you. Think on your ways. And remember, while you're in your right mind, while you're here tonight, think on your ways and accept Jesus Christ while we pray. Would there be some in here that would have the courage, that you're thinking on your ways, before we pray, would raise your hand, say, "Remember me, Brother Branham, as you pray. I've been thinking on my ways. They're not just what they should be." God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. That's good. All around outside in the... Now, I can see your hands, way back in the back over the darkness.

**53** Raise your hand; keep your heads bowed. Raise your hand, say, "Brother Branham, remember me, Oh God. Lord, I'm not raising my hand to Brother Branham; I'm raising it to You. But I want him to pray for me. I believe he's told the truth. We should think on our ways." God bless you, sir. "And as I thought on my ways, I turned my feet towards Thy testimonies. O God, be merciful to me." Would there be some more would raise your hands, saying, "I'm a Christian, Brother Branham, but honestly, I've been thinking on my ways. The mission fields and everything is open. And here I am, sitting here doing nothing about it. I'm working in a factory just so we can get a few more dollars. I'm doing..." God bless you. God bless you. Your hands are going up everywhere. The Lord bless you. God bless you all around. "I'm spending my time out here to try to earn a little extra money or something, and souls are dying. And I really don't even... I don't do right before God. I don't even spend my money right; I give it for things of the world." Oh, come without money, without price, there to this fountain that's filled with blood. Several hundred hands has been up. Is there another one now before closing for prayer? God bless you. God bless the little girl; bless you, honey. God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister.

```
Psalm 119:59 I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.

```
**54** Sweet little girl a few minutes ago as I was coming through the gate. She come and said, "My name is Karen." She said, "My mommy and poppy come down." She said, "I got warts all over my legs." She wouldn't ask me to pray for her. I picked her up in my arms. I prayed for God. I said, "Honey, them warts will leave you now." She looked over, and her little baby eyes looking at me, and said, "Thank you, sir." A little child. You say, "That girl that raised up her hand then, she don't know..." Yes, she does. It's the Holy Spirit that's here, wants to bring the child to the fountain while she's young, and her little conscience isn't seared with old rock-and-roll, and True Story magazines, and filth of the world. Let her plunge beneath the flood tonight, lose all the guilty stains. She's thinking on her ways.

**55** Dear heavenly Father, at the close of the message, I bring to You these who have raised their hands. They are the trophies of the message. They come simple; they just raised their hands. It is written in the Scripture, "As many as believed was added to the church," as many that would be saved. And I pray, dear God, that Your Words will ring so in their ears just now and in their heart. We know our Lord said, "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him. And all the Father has given Me will come to Me." Sometime in our strange messages, we think, "What did we do it for?" And then we see sinners put up their hand. Then we know it's our Father working. We know that God has ordained that they should come. And they will come, because Jesus said they would. Then He said, "He that will come to Me, I will in no wise cast out. He that heareth My words..." [Blank space on tape.]

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Acts 2:47 Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.

```
**56** ...and to preach it, Lord. "And believeth on him that sent Me (That's on the Father God.) hath everlasting life and shall never come into the judgment, but has passed from death unto life." Something told these people to raise their hand. When they did, it was a Spirit that spoke to them and say, "You're wrong. Raise your hands." They broke every scientific rule. They raised their hands. Science says that gravitation will hold your hands down. It shows there's a spirit in them that could break the laws of gravitation and raise up a hand. The same God that they raised it to was standing there to put their name on the Lamb's book of life. I believe it, Lord. Receive them.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**57** I may not be able to shake their hands in this life, but yonder on the other side, when the last sermon's preached, and the Bible's closed the last time, and my lips shall be sealed in death, my eyes closed, and I will wait till worlds unknown, yonder by the side of the throne by the evergreen tree. Let me meet them, Lord, shake their hands over there, and they say, "It was at Chatauqua that night, that Friday night, that I raised my hand that settled it forever, Brother Branham. So glad to be here." Lord, let it be so. I present them to You, as trophies of the meeting. In the name of Jesus Christ, keep them, Father. Amen. The Lord bless you.

**58** I've got many sick people to pray for. I'd like to bring the altar call forth. But I'm going to take your word that immediately after this prayer line, that you're going to come up here at the altar. Stand here after the prayer line is over, and say, "I'm so glad tonight that I accepted Jesus as my Saviour." And do something. Go back in the room and pray, and thank God for it. Think on it now. Now... (What was them prayer cards?) He give out the prayer cards yesterday, I believe it was he said. And he didn't know if we still are... I don't know whether he thought of it or not, but anyhow, we got prayer cards out, was A's, and I took them up last night.

**59** And now, tonight, we're going to take up the... (B's the next. B's, 1 To... All right. 1 To 50.) B's, 1 To 50 is the one we're on tonight. Now, we want to line them up right this way. And we want everybody to be real reverent. It's a little early, I thought. But now, we're going to... I can't say I'm sorry I kept you. The Holy Spirit... You're such a wonderful audience to speak to, I just can't hold... I don't know when to stop. It's just good. And I feel that feeds my own spirit. When I'm preaching, I feel good and strong; the prayer lines break me down. You see, that takes from me; this builds into me.

**60** So, the Lord bless you. Believe now. And everyone keep your seat, be real reverent for just a few minutes; we will call these people up and pray for them. Now, B's... (Did you say 1 to 50? 1 To 50). Who has prayer card B number 1, raise up your hand? [Blank space on tape.] Break your arm. You run in, and say, "Doctor, heal my arm. I got to finish my work out here. I'm driving some nails, and I broke my arm. Heal it right quick; I got to finish that ... boards on the house," see. Why, he'd say, "You need mental healing." Well, that's right, see. He can't heal it. He can set the bone while God does the healing. How many knows that's right? If you got appendix that's bad. The doctor can cut that appendix out, but he cannot heal it. He can't heal. See, God is the only Creator. How many knows that God is the only Creator?

**61** Now, the devil can't create. The devil can pervert what God has created. What is unrighteousness? Is righteousness perverted. What is a lie? It's the truth perverted, see. What is an adultery? It's a act that God gives men and women to live righteously, and it's misused. That's adultery: same act, wrong way. See, that's adultery. Righteousness... Unrighteousness is righteousness perverted. Is all there? What say? All but prayer card 25. Who has prayer card 25? Maybe it's a crippled, or a deaf, or someone. Prayer card 25, who has it? B-25? All right. (Was that it, doctor ... or brother? Oh, yes, all right.) All right, 29. We'll get you, just a minute, brother.

**62** All right, B-1 to 25. Maybe the person stepped out, or they may not even be here tonight. These cards was give out yesterday, wasn't they, Paul? Yesterday. All right. B-1 to 25, then 25 to 50, let them stand. B-25 To 50... [Blank space on tape.] faith. How many knows that? It's faith. Then without faith, you could not be healed. You have to have faith. Well, faith in what? Faith in a finished work that Jesus did for us at Calvary. How many believes that? Well, then as far as healing is concerned, it's already finished when Jesus finished it at Calvary. Is that right? Raise up your hand. Then what has to be done? Just you to believe it. You don't have to come to one of these meetings. You don't have to have even anyone to pray for you. Only thing you have to have is faith to believe it.

**63** Sometimes... Now, God, He's good God. Oral Roberts says He's a good God. And that's true. He is a good God. And yet, He's more than a good God; He's a God of wrath too. Don't you think He's too good now, that He won't keep His Word and He will excuse you. He never does that. His holiness requires Him to be just. He's a just God besides a good God. He's good, but He also requires justice. And His law requires Him to be just. He must keep it. So then, He's also... He's a God of wrath. And now remember ... and if you wouldn't take my word for it, or I wouldn't take your word, that would settle it. But not God. God sends gifts into the church to still ... to be sure that everyone will be without an excuse. Some of those gifts are... Oh, well, there's nine spiritual gifts that goes into every local body. How many believes that? I Corinthians 12. That's speaking with tongues, interpretation of tongues, and gifts of prophecy, and discernments, and all the different ... wisdom and knowledge, and gifts of healing. And all that goes into the local body.

```
1 Corinthians 12:8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;

1 Corinthians 12:9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;

1 Corinthians 12:10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:

```
**64** And then there's five ministerial offices. How many believes that? Sure. And that's first, apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists. How many knows that? Now, how can you say there's a pastor or evangelist without saying there's a prophet? How can you say there's a prophet when there isn't an apostle? See, some people like to say, "Oh, there's pastors, and evangelists, and teachers, but they don't want to say "prophets." The same God said, "teachers and evangelists," said, "prophets." He keeps His Word. We don't penknife it, just preach it. That's what it is... God's up... It's up to God to take care of His own Word. Don't you believe that?

```
Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

```
**65** Now, a prophet and a gift of prophecy is two different things. How many knows that? A gift of prophecy works through the church; a prophet is borned a prophet. Jeremiah was borned a prophet. Even before he was ever formed in his mother's womb, God made him a prophet, ordained him a prophet over the nations. John, seven hundred and twelve years before he was born, Isaiah saw him: "The voice of one crying in the wilderness." Jesus Christ was a woman's seed from the garden of Eden. He couldn't be nothing else but Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Moses was borned a prophet, see. Prophets are not made. It isn't laying on hands and giving gifts; it's something that God give. God has set in the church (see, first, apostles, then prophets. Others are local gifts that goes into the church. Now, the Lord is with us we believe, and will do these things for us.

```
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

Isaiah 40:3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.

Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

```
**66** Now, Jesus, one time in His ministry... Now, He had the fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt in Him. How many knows that, the Spirit without measure? We have the Spirit by measure. But if the Spirit of God is in me, the same was in them, in Him, in you, it'll work the same way. It's the same Spirit, but not as much. It's the same Spirit, not as much. Just like a spoonful of water out of the ocean: it's the same chemicals is in the spoonful there is in the whole ocean, but just not that much of it. He had it without measure; we have it by measure. All the fullness of God was in Him. God was in Christ, Himself, reconciling the world to Himself. Now... (All 50 there?) All right. Okay.

```
John 3:34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**67** There was a woman one time in the meeting. She didn't have a prayer card, we'd say. She had a blood issue, and she couldn't get to Jesus; there was too many around Him. Everybody was pressing, hugging Him and... As we'd say, like this: "Good morning, Reverend, or Rabbi. Oh, we're so glad to have You in our land today. How are You? Give me a little hug. Let me pat You on the arm." Everybody... And the little woman seen she couldn't get close to Him, so she crawled around till she touched the border of His garment. That right? Now, the Palestinian garment hung loose. Now, I wouldn't know if you touched my coat, or His coat. And a Palestinian garment had an underneath garment and a loose garment, a robe, over top of that, and she just touched the border of it, for she said within herself, "If I can touch the border of His garment, I will be made whole." Is that right? "I will be made whole." Now, she had no Scripture for it, but she believed it. So she touched His garment. And she slipped out in the crowd, about like this, perhaps, and sit down, or stood up, or whatever she was. Jesus stopped and said, "Who touched Me?" And all of them said, "Not me." And Peter said... He rebuked Him. In other words, he'd say something like this: "Lord, what are You talking about. Who touched You, when they're climbing over one another to touch You." He said, "But I perceive that I have gotten weak. Virtue's gone from Me."

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**68** Somebody touched Him with a different kind of a touch. Now, that's the kind of touch we want to talk on for just a minute. Not the way you shake your hand, put your name on the book, but a touch that He can feel. Now, that little woman had a need. And He looked around over the audience. How many knows that He had the Spirit of discernment? Sure, without measure. But He didn't know. Now, if He'd have knowed, He'd have told the truth. He's God and couldn't do nothing else but tell the truth. But He didn't know who did it. But God was in Him. And He looked around over the crowd till He found the little woman. He told her that her faith had healed her blood issue. And she felt, and within herself, that the blood issue had stopped. Is that right?

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**69** Now, the Bible said Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Do you believe that? Does the New Testament say that He's the High Priest right now that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? Is that true? He can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. All right. Then if He is the High Priest, the same High Priest, and if you touched Him, how would He act if He's the same High Priest? The way He acted the first time. God can't act any way but what He does the first time, because He's infinite. He's infinite; we're finite. We make all kinds of mistakes, but God ... not Him. Everything that He does once it's perfect forever. He's God. He can't make a mistake and be God.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**70** So the woman touched Him, and He turned and told her. Now, if He's the same God tonight that He was then, the same High Priest that can now, this hour, be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, He'd act the same way. Now, He's gone into glory. He's the vine; we are the branches. The vine doesn't bear fruit; the branch bears fruit. Is that right? You don't get fruit off the vine; you get it off the branch. Well, if we're the branches and He's the vine, then He furnishes the energy, which is the Holy Spirit. And if the Holy Spirit's from Him, it'll act like Him.

```
John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

```
**71** Now, how many out there...? Is there any prayer cards out in the audience? Anybody got a prayer card, anywhere in the audience? Not a prayer card. Just so you'll see it... You don't need a prayer card. You have to have faith. Faith is the victory. Faith is what God looks for. Just have faith. Only believe, all things are possible. Now, each one of you out there that's sick, and you don't have a prayer card, do you believe that you have enough faith to touch the border of His garment in glory tonight? Do you believe that? Raise up your hand, all around, everywhere.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

1 John 5:4 For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.

```
**72** Bless that little girl. A little bitty girl... Is that your child, sir? Is she sick? All right. Do you believe God can reveal to me what the child is? If she can touch His border of His garment? If it is, you'll know whether it's the truth or not. I don't know you, the child; I've never seen you. You're just sitting there. Do you believe? How many in the audience will believe. That's a baby, just a little girl. She's sitting there, both little hands up waving at me, her little eyes looking. Now, there's something wrong with the child, I suppose. I don't know. God can reveal it. Will you accept it, sister? You all? Thank you, honey. If you're spiritual, and God will open your eyes, look, hanging about two foot above that child there. See that light? Now, here she is; there comes a vision. It's something over her. It's a heart trouble. I see a doctor looking over her heart. She's got a heart trouble. If that's right, let the mother raise her hand. Put your hand over on the child. Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, you're exposed. Your lying scheme is over. Come out of that child in the name of the Lord Jesus. We, the church of the living God, adjure thee by Jesus Christ to leave the child.

**73** Now, do you believe? Have faith in God. That man sitting right over there with his head down, praying, with that arthritis, do you think God will heal you, sir, and make you well? Sitting out there on the end of the seat, kind of heavy set with a white shirt on, you believe God will take that arthritis away from you? That's what you was praying about. If that's right, raise up your hand? All right. Now, go home and be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. Do you believe it? Have faith. Somebody else pray. Have faith in God. Don't doubt.

**74** A lady sitting right back there looking at me. You're praying for somebody else. It's your brother. He's got polio. If that's right, stand on your feet for him. I don't know you, and you don't know me. If that's right, raise up your hand. But you... There it is. You was praying for him. If that's right, wave your hand. The God that was hearing you has spoke to me and you touched His garment. That's the Holy Spirit working through the same way it did. Go, and believe with all your heart, and it'll leave him. Do you believe? Something's happened just at that time. Something else struck right in here. Oh, here it is. It's a woman sitting right here, praying for one of her loved ones that's paralyzed. Do you believe that God will make them well? All right. You can go home, and believe with all your heart; you'll find it that way. Amen.

**75** Have faith in God. Don't doubt. How about people in this section. You believe, you without... This is a discernment line. I'm just going to pray for these people. This is discernment. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe with all your heart. Here, this woman sitting right here, kind of heavy set. Got trouble with your eyes, haven't you, sister? They're going bad. And besides that, he told you you had trouble with your liver. If that's right, raise up your hand. The doctor, that kind of a heavy set guy... All right. Go home and be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. Amen.

**76** Do you believe? Think on your ways now. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who said, as it was in the days of Sodom, when the Angel of the Lord came down in a human flesh and discerned, and said, "Abraham, where is your wife?" And she laughed behind Him in the tent to herself. He said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" Think on your ways now. Be right with God. Now, this prayer line through there, you're all strangers to me as far as I know. But do you believe that the anointing of the Holy Spirit is upon me now, as His servant? You believe that, all down through the prayer line? Now, you know, if we taken discernment down this line, it would take a... Oh, I just wouldn't get through it tonight. But will you believe if I pray with all my heart, the prayer of faith for you, will you all believe with all your heart that you'll get well? Will you believe it, each one? You will believe it. All right. Now, let's pray for them.

```
Genesis 18:9 And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.

Genesis 18:12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?

Genesis 18:13 And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?

```
**77** Lord, You not only these, but them that's in the audience, may Your Spirit continue to go over this audience and heal the sick and the afflicted. In Jesus' name I pray. Amen. Now, you in your wheelchairs, stretchers, you look this a way, and you believe with all your heart. You think that your case is too bad, but it isn't. It just takes faith, no more faith than to heal a toothache. If you'll just believe it, let it be real faith. Believe it. Now, so that the anointing would get back to me, I want to... I want to just take... Maybe I will just catch her hand just a minute. I better take that for a vision.

**78** Look here. Believe me to be His servant? You realize you're very sick. You have cancer. Look, lady. You've been to a doctor. You're extremely nervous. And you went to a doctor for something or other to be cut off. It's off your back, and he said it was a mole that was malignant, and it won't heal, just keeps going on. It's still cancer. Let me have your hand a minute. Here. Look here, you can tell. See how that thing's on my hand? I will take off and put this other hand on. See? It isn't there now, sister. By the grace of God and by His Spirit, I can make it leave you. But whether it would stay away or not, that'd be up to you. If you could see it happen and go, because you can't live long; that's going right in your spine (you see) and just run it right in to it. So, if you could see it happen on your hand, would it increase your faith? You're young, and you haven't very long to stay if God doesn't help you. Now, please don't think this... This is just something... This woman's worse than really she thinks.

**79** Ever what the vision was, I know it's some kind of a power that's... Now, you're looking at my hand. See how it swells? See all those little white things run over my hand? That's just like a vibration, like a brrr, brrr, brrr, because the Holy Spirit's on you, and death is on you. And life and death cannot associate together. Now, look, there's just as much life in this hand as you was in that one. Put that hand on. Now, it's not there (see), not there now. Now, I'm as much human as you. But see, it was His promise. Your right hand, that you hold your right hand that you believe me to tell you the truth, my hand to God, to my heart, see. Now, put your hand on there and watch. Put your... Now, look here. See it? Now, you see there's something going on there, isn't it (see), something unnatural.

**80** Now, let's bow our heads a moment. This poor little woman, seriously. Dear heavenly Father, I pray that in the name of Jesus that You'll heal her. Let Thy Spirit move. She's watching my hand to see if those vibrations stop. She sees my hand swelling, turning dark, and seeing that there's something taking place. Help, O Lord; may the enemy leave her in Jesus' name I pray. Amen. Now, just a moment. I've never looked; but it's still the same way it was. It didn't leave her. Didn't change, did it? Stayed just the same. Now, we don't ask God for miracles. It's not right to ask God that. And remember... Now, you see that there's something happening to my hand. Now, when you remove your hand... Just take your hand off. Watch. See how it goes right back? Now, put... When I put my hand on it don't act like that, see. And your other hand won't act like that. Now, just lay this hand back on there, and there it goes again, see. See, you're looking at that. If that's right, raise up your hand so the audience can see. You can see it yourself. Now, I lay my hand on this desk right here so that you can see it. It isn't the position where you lay your hand. Anywhere it's the same. Is that right? You're looking right at it.

**81** Now, Jesus said, "In My name, they shall cast out devils." Now, you all help. Hold your faith to God. Now, when it goes out, it'll come back if faith isn't there to meet it. For when unclean spirit's gone out of man, he walks in dry places and comes back. You understand? But if you'll see that leave there, then you know you're going to get well. You'll believe it, won't you? It'll encourage you, because you've had an awful time with this. Lord God, we do not ask for miracles. But You promised them, Lord. And that this audience, and this little woman... The doctor has tried hard, Lord, to save the woman's life; he scattered this cancer. It's going into her back, into her spine. Darkness and shadow hangs over her. But You're here to heal her. She's watching my hand. She's watching for a move, or something to happen. Let it be this one time, Lord. It will increase the faith of the people. I ask it not for nothing at all, Father, but that these people might know that I'm telling them truth. And the commission that You gave by an Angel who vindicated it to be the same, that said this would be first, and then you'd know the very secret of their heart; they would believe me.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

```
**82** Lord, we live in a day when people taught so hard against this, against You, against Your Word, against Your Spirit. They don't know what to believe. Let this little woman in this dying condition see the power of God. She's watching my hand. She's watching it to move. She's watching that swelling to leave and the vibrations to stop over it. Let it be, Lord. Help me, I pray, that these others might see and take heed, and know that God is still God. Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I charge thee, come out of the woman and leave her. Now, the woman's watching herself. Every vibration has left, and it's gone. Is that right, sister? You're healed. Go on your road and rejoice. There you are. She watched it herself, and seen God heal the woman. Now, do you believe? Everybody believe? Have faith now while we pray.

**83** Now, come forth, sister. That same anointing is here. If we stopped for everybody, you know what would happen. Dear God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal this, our sister. Amen. Now, go rejoicing just like she did, and you believe with all your heart. Now, see, it seem like... You see, if you don't have a vision, it doesn't do it. Something happens. You see what I mean? How many understands? Now, that lady might've thought, "Well, the anointing wasn't on him. The anointing left him." The anointing didn't leave me. It's still here. Sure it is. You believe it?

**84** Here, here, this woman. I don't know you, do I? God knows you. You believe me to be His prophet? If I don't know you and God knows you, if God will reveal something about you that you know that I don't know, will you believe me? You already believe. All right, you're suffering with varicose veins. That's right. And besides that, you're praying for somebody which is your brother. And that boy is declared to have a mental condition. You don't believe it. And it's not so; he's just nervous. Don't believe it. You believe God knows who you are? If I tell you who you are by the Spirit of God, will it take every doubt from you? Miss Neville, go home, be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. Don't doubt.

**85** Will you believe, sir? That shadow, devil of cancer will leave you. Come here. Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal the man; I pray through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Come, sir. You believe with all your heart? Just look at the... Look at the hundreds and hundreds of people are praying out there. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal our brother. Amen. Believe brother, with all your heart. Come, sister. You believe now? Lord, while the Holy Spirit is upon me and anointing me, may the precious God of heaven heal our sister in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, go believing with all your heart. Look, sister. Look, sister dear. Raise up your hands and say, "Thank You, Lord. Praise Your name." That's the way to do it. Go on your road, and God will make it right for you. That's the way. Go, believing.

**86** What do you think, lady? Do you believe? Do you believe me to be God's servant? It's caught you, you see? You realize something's going on. A vision caught me from the little woman. May God help me after this. The woman has actually got a hospital experience in front of her (That's right, isn't it?): an operation. And that's for a child. It's a baby you're fixing to have. And the doctor says that it has to be a cesarean birth, for an operation. And you're wanting me to pray that it'll be a natural birth. Is that right? Hold up your hand. That's "Thus saith the Lord." You're not from here. You're from a place called Wooster. That's right. Mrs. Winniger, go on your road and rejoice. God make you well, sister, and give you the desire of your heart.

**87** Let's all pray. Everybody bow your head now. Well, let's just worship the Lord first. Raise up your hands in praise, and say, "Thank You, Lord Jesus. Thank You, Lord." God, we love You, we praise You. Oh, be merciful unto us, Lord. O Father God, grant unto us Thy mercy. Give unto us the Holy Spirit. May people in the audience see that You're God, and these people be healed through Jesus' name. Amen. Come, sister. In the name of the Lord Jesus, may you go and be made well. Amen. Now, as you come, the Holy Spirit is upon me anointing me. Believe it now. Come now. And just as you pass through, I'm going to pray. All you be praying also now for these people. Lord, I lay my hands upon my brother. In the name of Jesus Christ, may he be healed. Amen. Go, believing now. All right. Come, sister. In the name of Jesus Christ, I lay my hands upon her for her healing. Amen. God bless you, sister. Come, now, sister dear. Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, may our sister be healed while the Holy Ghost is on her. Amen. And may God bless you, sister. Come, now.

**88** Lord, heal my brother and make him well in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. [Brother Branham speaks aside.] All right, come. Are you scared? You believe God could tell me what was wrong with you? Then, go, and that asthmatic condition will leave you. Just go on rejoicing. Come, believing. Lord Jesus, we pray You'll heal her and make her well. Amen.

**89** God of heaven, have mercy and heal our brother and make him well. Amen. Come, believing now, every one of you. O Father God, in the name of Jesus, make him well. Amen. Now, the Holy Spirit's on me. I'm just laying hands. The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." In the name of Jesus Christ, I lay my hands upon my sister. May she get healed. Amen. Go, believing. Come, little boy. I see your condition. You believe them feet will straighten up when after I pray for them. You believe it, honey boy? Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, may there be such an improvement in this child in the next few hours till it be brought back to the meeting to show what God can do in Jesus' name.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**90** Come now, my brother. In the name of Jesus Christ, may my brother be healed. Amen. Come, my sister. O Father God, in the name of Jesus, may my sister be healed. Now, as you go off the platform, go, rejoicing. You believe? Now, the Holy Spirit's still here. You believe He healed you of that heart trouble standing there? Just go, rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord." Do you believe He heals you of female trouble? All right, just go off the platform rejoicing. Say, "Praise the Lord." Lord, I pray that You'll heal them and make them well in Jesus' name.

**91** Come, sir. Come, believing now. Dear God, I lay hands upon my brother and pray that in the name of Jesus Christ that You'll heal him and will make him well. Grant it, O Lord, for Your glory and salvation of God. Amen. Come, my brethren. Oh, my. Well, 'course, any one might not know what it is. The man's blind. Do you believe, sir? Let's bow our heads just a moment. No heads, no eyes up. Lord, we do not ask for miracles. We do not ask for that. We ask for mercy, that the mercies of God, in faith, will be given to our brother, that this blind spirit that's on him may leave. May the sight begin to break into his eyes at this hour. May he get completely well, for we ask this, and cast out the blind spirit in the name of Jesus Christ. I want every head bowed, every eye closed for a moment, not till you hear my voice say, "Look." Don't doubt. Look up towards me. Can you see my finger? Put your fingers on my nose. Can you see them lights out there? Light's beginning to come to you. ["Yes, I can see lots better."] All right, raise your head. He has his sight. He can see the lights. Put your hand on my nose again so the audience can see. Go on your road rejoicing. You shall have your sight. Let's raise our hands and praise the Lord, everybody. Just raise up your hands and say, "Thank You, Lord."

**92** God, in the name of Jesus Christ, this child may healed. Amen. Come, sister. You believe God will heal that heart trouble? Go on your road rejoicing, saying, "Thank You, Lord for healing me." Come, sir. Lord, I pray for my brother that You'll heal him and make him well in Jesus' name. Amen. Come, sister dear. Come, rejoicing. Father God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal and make well. Amen. That's right. Come, sister. In the name of Jesus Christ, heal and make well our sister. Amen. Come, my sister dear. Father God, in the name of Your Son, Jesus, heal and make well our sister. Amen. Come. In the name of Jesus Christ, heal my brother and make him well. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, heal and make well. Amen.

**93** The blind man has his sight and rejoicing. Let's stand to our feet and rejoice in the Lord and say, "Thank the Lord for His goodness." [Brother Branham continues to pray for the people while the audience shouts and rejoices.] How thankful we are. Are you thankful to the Lord? Do you believe God's still here? Do you believe the discernments of God is right? Amen. Oh, how wonderful!

**94** You, are you the patient? You're the one to be prayed for? You believe me to be a servant of God? You believe me? Do you believe that God sent me for this purpose? Is it a witness to the people that God is God? You believe that? Do you believe? If I tell you what's wrong with you, will it make your stronger? Your diabetes, you think it could be healed? Yes. You're not from here. No, you're from Kentucky. That's right. You're here visiting. You've got a daughter here, a city called Dayton. That's right. She's got a blood clot. You're praying for that. Your name is Mrs. Houston. That's right. Go back. Jesus Christ makes you well. Go on your road and rejoicing, in the name of the Lord. Do you believe with all your heart? What about you in the wheelchairs? One woman's up. Everyone's up but one. Say, the lady laying there with her hand up. Go over here in the wheel ... over here in the chair. You with the hemorrhages there. Do you believe God will take them hemorrhages away from you? Have faith in God. Rise up to your feet. Jesus Christ will make you well. Get out of your stretcher. Believe that God is... There she is on her feet, rejoicing. Anybody else want to be healed? Stand on your feet, every one of you. In the name of Jesus Christ may the power of the devil be rebuked and God be [unclear words] .
