---
Date: 1959-06-12
Title: All the days of our life
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Philadelphia Church in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 46 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# All the days of our life



**1** Thank you. You may be seated. I certainly do appreciate that warm welcome by this committee here in the Chicago convention. And Brother Sullivan this morning asked me if I would attend next year at Ohio, up at his place, where the next convention is to be held. And I told him, if the Lord willing, I would be glad to do it. We will just... Of course, we never know from day to day what will happen. We're just... We should always say, "If it be the will of the Lord." But this has been a real blessing to me.

**2** As I was telling you, recently at my cave where I go to pray, I met the Holy Spirit. (And I believe he's trying to adjust the phones. They got some transpositions, ever what... I guess that's what it is.) And I know when I used to work for the Public Service Company, we would call it transposition when we'd move the three phases of wire. We'd transposition it by moving it across from one phase, the right-hand phase, to the left-hand phase. And we called it a transposition. I think that was happening there, the transposition of the voice. But we are so glad to be here.

**3** And what Billy run up and told me just now, he said, "They're taking an offering, daddy. Thank them." Well, I thank you with all my heart. And I told Joseph not to do that. He... They do it, but... It certainly can be used right now, because I'm very much in need of it. As you know, I'm ... I just recently borrowed five thousand dollars; and then before I got that out, I had to borrow another five thousand. And you know what I mean. But I've yet got my first offering to take up. But maybe, if the Lord provides, and I have to get out on my own pretty soon again... I'm an agent of the Branham Tabernacle. You all might wonder how I live if I don't take no money. I get a salary from the Tabernacle which is supposed to be 'lotted to me for one hundred dollars a week. After the take-out comes, I get about seventy-three dollars a week. That's what I live on. And so... But otherwise, it goes into a foundation called the Branham Tabernacle, and can only be spent, not for the Tabernacle, but for the services out here. And that's the way I want it. I've never taken a salary till just recently. And sometimes I didn't even use as much as that. But now I'm on a salary from the Tabernacle, which the...

**4** They think, as I got into the little trouble by not getting that number for my foundation... Being a church, I didn't think I needed it; but they said I did. And so that's where the trouble come up. And I've sent now, and getting a number, and everything will be fine. And I just take a salary of about seventy-three dollars a week, when they take out the things that I have to be taken out for taxes and so forth a week. And all the rest of the money goes into the gospel work alone. I don't touch it, never none of it. The church just gives me a check, and that's how we live. We have a big family, and you know what it... You don't live very expensive or very high on sick calls and everything else, and then seventy-three dollars a week.

**5** But in the services I'm almost prone to... In my healing services I've been noticing that if I just pray for the sick, it's so much better. And I'm... A lot of the discernment, it dropped on me last evening here, but I'm using most of that on these private interviews. I find it's so much greater, because I have the person by myself. And then Mr. Mercier, which is the man who's the answering service at the house, when people want to come... They just can't see the Word, the way out, we set before them and pray to the Lord. And when we get one case, we stay right on that case until it's positively solved, see. Just keep it right on. And we never give it up. We make a list of it, put it away, and just keep back to that case, come on and on, until the Lord brings them out. And I think that would be later, maybe, that I'd conduct all my services like that. And the prayer services and the meetings, just bring the people through and pray for them. And then if there's some hard case, that they can't understand it and miss their healing, then put them on the private interviews, so I can get to them alone. That way, it's a little better than stopping, just going through a half a dozen here at nighttime or something. Most everyone through the nation knows me, and they know the ministry. Now, when you get overseas, it'll be different then, over there. We can continue on the way we did here.

**6** I'm intending, if the Lord willing, and I believe I have the assurance, that the very best part of my ministry is right ahead of me. I believe that with all my heart. I'm not no boy no more, you know, so I was... I had a birthday recently, April the sixth, and... Let's see, honey, I was a ... I'm past twenty-five, ain't I? I was born in 1909, so anybody'd know I'd be just a little over twenty-five, and so I'm not a boy. But, you know, I think you have to get a little age on you to begin to realize what it's all about. At least, I feel that way. I want to thank you brethren for your fine cooperation, and your love and kindness, and for this love offering which will be taken straight to the trustees, be put right into the foundation. And it'll all be spent, every penny, to the kingdom of God, for overseas missions and things that I know that it'll go right. It'll have to go right. So, I want it that way. I wouldn't have it no other way; that's the way I want it.

**7** And now tomorrow, tomorrow morning is the Full Gospel Businessmen's breakfast at the Edgewater Beach. Just that name makes me shiver. It sounds like a lot of money, you know, and expense to get in there. And so, we will be over there, the Lord willing, in the morning at the breakfast. I pray that the Lord will bless us like He did this morning at the ministerial breakfast. And then tomorrow night Brother Osborn's film is showing here in the city, and they done announced that. I'm going way away, several miles, way around Hammond out there to a little church, just to preach---no healing service---just to preach a little thirty-minute service or something, and coming back. May get a little rest.

**8** And then Sunday afternoon I aim to see the film myself. So, if you're around here tomorrow night, go see Brother Osborn's film. It's always better to see it at nighttime because it's darker in the room and it shows a better picture. And then Sunday night, the Philadelphian church is sponsoring a little farewell for Brother Joseph, which is going overseas. And that'll be held in the same building. I believe it's the school, Lakeview High School auditorium, just a little ways down Park Street here. Irving Park and National Avenue. All right? And that will be Sunday evening at seven-thirty, I'll be speaking and praying for the sick, the Lord willing. I just set back a few days before going overseas again to Australia and the different places where I know there lays a battle waiting for me. How they did Oral Roberts there, what they did to Billy Graham; and I know my time's coming. But I want to put in my part of the Gospel at the day of the judgment, see. My brothers went over and did their part; it's my duty to go do my part. Then if they turn it down then... God is a just God; He always shows mercy before judgment. I'm sure I can solicit the prayers of this group to be praying for me while I'm over there.

**9** Now, before we open His Word ... or, read it so that He can open it to us, let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Gracious Lord, into Thy presence we boldly come now, yet humbly; realizing that we have no standings at all, any merits that we could come this way boldly, but it's because that we have been asked to come boldly to the throne of grace. And we come in the name of Him who bid us to come, the Lord Jesus. And we pray, God, that You will answer our prayer. And we have that blessed assurance that if our hearts condemn us not, that God will hear. And if there be any thing in our lives that would be condemnation to us, then, Lord, first forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us. Because we know that He that told us to come said, "If you, from your heart, do not forgive every man his trespasses, neither does your heavenly Father forgive you your trespasses. Therefore, when you pray, stand praying, forgive." Lord, if I have an enemy anywhere in this world, I pray, God, that You forgive the both of us, knowing that we are men and human beings that's striving to enter the Kingdom.

```
Matthew 6:14 For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:

Matthew 6:15 But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.

Matthew 18:35 So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.

Mark 11:25 And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.

Hebrews 4:16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.

1 John 3:21 Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.

```
**10** And I ask that You'll speak to us through Thy Word tonight, and make it a living Word to our hearts and minds. Then, Lord, we'd pray for this convention, closing out. We thank You for what it's meant to all of us. The seed that's been sown into our hearts, God, may it grow and grow and grow. Bless these men, these fine brethren who have assembled for this gathering, and these women---their wives and sisters---and so forth, their children. Make us all more ... better Christians and more fit for Thy service in this coming year. Answer prayer for my brethren, Lord, when they come to pray for the sick and for the needy. Hear them, O Lord. For Solomon said one day, "If thy people be in trouble, and turn towards this holy place, and pray, then hear from heaven." Lord, I pray that when they turn their face towards heaven and pray, then hear, Lord; answer their prayers. May their ministry grow this year, and their churches increase in numbers, and power, and favor before God. We pray tonight that You'll heal the sick that's in the midst of us. Save those who are here to be saved. Fill with the Holy Spirit those that are thirsting for righteousness. Speak through mortal lips and hear through the ears. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
1 Kings 8:29 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, My name shall be there: that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place.

1 Kings 8:30 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.

2 Chronicles 6:20 That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth toward this place.

2 Chronicles 6:21 Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, which they shall make toward this place: hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hearest, forgive.

```
**11** [Someone speaks in tongues and another interprets: "Even so, the Lord is faithful in that which He hath promised He will perform. For thou hast declared the Word of the Lord, that if the people shall believe, they shall see the glory of God. Even so this night shall my glory be manifested, saith the Lord. If thou will lift up thine eyes, if thou will look unto Me in faith, I will show unto thee My glory."] Thank the Lord. Amen. Have you noticed recently...? It has been in the meetings where I've been holding, all around, nationwide, and into Cuba and down into the islands, every time an interpretation comes, it's always, "If thou will believe My Word..." See? Believe it. Oh, that was the question Jesus asked, "Will I find faith when I return?" He didn't say, "Will I find churches, will I find religion?" but "Will I find faith?" Not even... He didn't question sincerity, but He questioned faith. Now, may the Lord, who has spoken through the interpretation of the gifts of tongues, may He let His Spirit just move in this building tonight and give everybody faith.

```
Luke 18:8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

Romans 4:21 And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.

```
**12** I shall now read from the book of Saint Luke the 1st chapter, and begin at the 73rd verse for a text. And my subject tonight is "All The Days Of Our Life." The oath which he sware unto our father Abraham, That he would grant unto us, that ... being delivered out of the hands of our enemies might serve him without fear, In holiness ... righteousness before Him, all the days of our life. I like that, "all the days of our life."

```
Luke 1:73 The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,

Luke 1:74 That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,

Luke 1:75 In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.

```
**13** When we receive Christ, it isn't just for a few hours, or just for the time of the revival, but it's to last all the days of our life. I think each person coming to Christ ought to sit down first and think, before you even go to the meeting, "If God should call me, am I ready? If He should speak to my heart tonight, should I stand up; am I ready to surrender all my life to Him?" That's the only way that He will accept you is when you give all your life. Man is prone to have his own way. Man wants to do things and ... but he wants to do it in his own way. He showed that just a few hours after his fall. In the garden of Eden he wanted to do it his way; because man is always satisfied as long as he's doing it his own way.

**14** Did you ever notice when you're driving with somebody else, there's just all kinds of mistakes that they make? You push the floorboard out on the other side almost, trying to stop the car yourself. In your mind you say, "Well, why didn't he do that?" or, "Why did he turn this way? I would've did it so-and-so." See, that's just the nature of man. He wants his own way. And God did not make man to desire his own way. God made man to depend on Him, to forsake his way, to crucify his way. He likened us unto sheep. And the sheep is one animal that cannot find his own way; he must be led. A little lamb can lose himself from the fold, and he's just totally lost. He just stands there and bleats. And that's the way it is with the human being. If he becomes a lamb, if his nature is changed, he depends wholly upon God and upon God's leading. But the earth man, when Adam realized that he had fallen from that estate where God had him, wholly depending on Him, Adam quickly showed his second nature, his fallen nature. And he wanted a way back to be redeemed, but he wanted to do it his way, and after his own thinking.

**15** I trust that the church will understand this: that we have no right to use our own thinking about things. When we become Christians, we fully surrender every bit of our mental powers to God and follow after His leading. And as long as we try to go after our own feeling, then we are using the fallen state of the being. Because God led Adam before the fall; and after the fall, Adam wanted to lead God. Now, God provided Adam a way, but he didn't want that way. He wanted to make himself a religion. And as we see that he ... he wanted to do it himself. He wasn't willing to wait on God, and say, "Lord, You led me before this, and now I'm fallen, I'm lost. Now help me and show me how to get back to You, Lord." We'd have never had all this trouble we got today.

**16** And if man will just come that close to God, that when you're lost, don't try to find your way back; just surrender to Him, and He will lead you back. Don't try to figure it out; that's the mental powers. I said sometime ago in a meeting, a message, I said, "In the garden of Eden, God and the devil chose their part of the man. The devil took his head; God took his heart." The devil tries to show him with his mental powers some great something he can do. And he only wants to see with his eyes what he can see. God come in his heart and makes him believe for things that he cannot see! "For faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen." He just believes it, because God said it; he don't have to see nothing. Or no sense of his body has to declare it; he just believes it in his soul where God lives. But the devil took his head, makes him smart, figures himself out a religion, a way of escape. God wants to lead him to the path of worship.

```
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

```
**17** And so Adam quickly sewed some fig leaves together, and not waiting on God. I think that's where we've made the mistake all along. If that was wrong in the beginning, it's wrong now! And it will forever be wrong. God depended wholly and complete surrender and to be led by His Spirit at the beginning; that's the way it'll have to be forever. God made the way, asked Adam to come to it. But Adam didn't want to go that way; he wanted to hurry up and make his own way. So, we can stay a long time on that. But notice. He made himself some fig leaves together for an apron. Well, it's still the same spirit, but they changed the name of "leaves" to "creeds." He's sewing some creeds together now. But it's still the same objective. It's still the intellectual thinking of man, and not the plan and will of God. You can never be saved through creeds. You must come God's provided way. God made the way, but man wants to make his own way.

**18** However, the man is very religious. Cain was very religious. And he thought on the thought of coming back to God. And God was willing to receive him back, but Cain wanted to come his way. And God wanted him to come His way. And we find out that there was a conflict completely with them. Now, men today who try to say that they make their own creeds up and so forth, he's doing that by the power of his father Cain, and his father Adam. Not as in the Christian, who's borned of the Spirit, and depends on the Holy Spirit, is after the second Adam which was Jesus, the atonement that leads the man by the Holy Spirit. And when men today try to say that they don't have to have the Holy Ghost today, then you can see what kind of a state that man's in. He wants to be religious though, but he wants it in his own way.

**19** And he's so much like Cain. Cain wanted to be religious, so he went and made his own religion. And when he did, he brought it before God with something like this: "Here's the best I got. This is all I can do about it. Now, take it or leave it." That's about the way man does today. "I helped build the church. I send my children to church there. I put money in it every year. And that's the best I can do. Take it or leave it." Oh, see, he wants his own way. That's the way Cain did. But God still loved him, and He still went after him. What did God tell Cain? "You'll do well if you'll just worship like your brother, Abel." Abel come God's way. But Cain wanted his way. And God said, "Now, Cain, I've got nothing against you. If you'll just come over and go the way that Abel goes, you'll do well."

```
Genesis 4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

```
**20** But he hated Abel. He thought Abel was a holy-roller. He hasn't changed his opinion. He thought Abel was a religious fanatic. And he still believes it, that his formal ideas and his culture of his own thing is better than the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But he's wrong. Absolutely wrong. I don't care how well his choir can sing, or how good his preacher can preach; without the shedding of blood, there's no remission of sin. Back to God's plan. Back to the Bible. God has a way, but man don't want to come to it. Man said, "Now, look. I'm as good as you are. I go to church. I pay my dues at the church." And he wants to be religious. And that's all right. But he's religious... But, you see, the nature of the earthly man is religious. Cain was religious. Satan is religious. Religion isn't what saves you; it's the blood of Jesus Christ what saves you. And that's God's only grounds that He will meet you on for worship. Other's in vain.

**21** Now, we find out that man gets very religious. So he goes out, if he's religious like Cain does, and got the flowers and the fruits of the field, and he made himself a place to worship, and built an altar. We find man doing that today. He will go out, and he will form himself a form of godliness, as the Scripture said He would do: "Have a form of godliness, but would deny the power thereof." Now, most of America is guilty of those things, Pentecostal and all, forming themselves a creed, or a code of rules, or something that they'll live by. And the Scripture forewarned us. And oh, he... There's something in him, because if he is a fallen man, he's still a creature of God's hand-making. There's something in him that makes him worship. And if he wants his own way, he's following his intellectuals, and his intellectuals is of the devil. His heart belongs to God!

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

```
**22** Notice him. And now, we find him out here. We just passed through a season recently, called Lenten season. Oh, he wants to get real religious during Lenten season. For forty-six days he will deny his cigarettes or something. And he will... I will go with him on self denial. That's all right. For forty-six days he will deny himself of something. He will grumble, and fuss, and hope that forty days hurries and gets around, that forty-six days. He wants it to get over, because he's sick and tired of doing without a smoke, or without a drink, or without something another that he sacrificed. It's Lenten. And he can't do it, unless he plays a hypocrite to his church. He has to keep that Lent. And then on Monday after Easter Sunday, he goes hog wild after that. That's right. Why? The nature in him. He will buy him a box full of cartons of cigarettes. He will long for that midnight hour to strike, and jump up and grab a cigarette, or get him a drink or something. And he will really tear up for a few days. Why? He's really putting it on big. I'd go with him for the forty-six days; but after forty-six days he pulls away from me.

**23** I believe that Christian life is a continual sacrifice. "He that will come after me, let him deny himself daily [Every day. Not forty-six days, but every day.] , take up his cross and follow me," said Jesus. Not just forty-six, but every day... Christian life is one continually Lenten. Oh, how the Christian loves to do it. He doesn't do it with a grudge; he does it with a feeling that he loves God, and he's glad he can do it. It's a joy to serve the Lord Jesus. It's a joy to sacrifice. It's a joy to worship the Lord. It's a joy to be called a fanatic for the kingdom of God's sake. It's a joy to take a stand for the right, and move from the wrong. It's a joy to praise Him. It's a joy to abstain from the things of the world. It's in their heart. It's a perfect Lent. Lenten all the time. God's Spirit comes into you and changes your desire.

```
Luke 9:23 And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.

```
**24** Now, we hear so much today about, "We are free. Oh, we live in a beautiful America. We are free." Oh, the air's full of it. Books are wrote of it, thousands of them. But you are a million miles from being free! You're not free, don't you be deceived by that. America is one of the greatest deceived nations, and in more bondage, than any place I know of. They're worse in bondage than communism could put them in. Communism can only hurt the body; they can only put the body in bondage. But when the devil comes in, he puts the soul in bondage, and man is a slave. America is a bunch of slaves! You may be a slave to pride. You might walk up and down the streets, and go through every store and every fashion that you can see on television, and go from store to store trying to buy something. You become a slave to it. You become a slave to your dressing. You can become a slave to your money. That's the only thing that you think of is to make money, grab it and put it up here. If you do that, you're a slave.

**25** You may be a slave to your religion. You may be a slave to a bunch of creeds. And let me tell you, creeds is nothing but framework for communism. It's the scaffold work that the devil can use to build communism, is a cold formal church. For men and women will go to that church, and become a slave to their religion, become a slave of the devil; going into the church, and putting your name on the book, and paying money into it. Or either they'll go there and there's never nothing said about wrong. I don't like to say this, but I going to say it anyhow. I'm not speaking too hard, now; I hope I'm not. I want to say it with season in it. But sisters will go through the ... out here on these streets here in Chicago; it's disgracefully to see them how they take their clothes off and walk on the street. And they, seemingly, don't know any different. They don't realize that they're committing adultery. You say, "Well, Brother Branham, I know women that..." A woman cannot wear shorts without having an evil spirit on her. You get that. Because she might not believe it in her intellectuals, but Satan has put that spirit on her to show herself before men. And at the day of judgment, every man that looks at her in a wrong way will be guilty with her for committing adultery with her, on the day of the judgment. And her pastor don't say nothing about it.

**26** They say I'm hard. I'm not hard! It's not hard; that's truth! You know why? She's blind and he is too. And the Bible said, "If the blind lead the blind, both of them will fall into the ditch." It's intellectual. And men also will go out and do things: Cheat in business deals, and still even be deacons in the church. Smoke, when a hundred and thirty-three thousand Americans will die this year from smoking cigarettes. One hundred and thirty-three thousand is marked up with death this year with smoking cigarettes. The medical science said in the last Readers' Digest, that if a man smokes in these days, it's so advanced that he will never live his time out. Something don't kill him, why, he will die with cancer before his time's out. That's right before his eyes, and yet he will go on. I shook hands with a pastor the other day, that his fingers was yellow from smoking cigarettes. "If you defile this body, I will destroy it," saith the Lord.

```
Matthew 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

Luke 6:39 And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?

1 Corinthians 3:17 If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.

```
**27** The Holy Spirit speaking in the Scriptures tonight said, "that we might serve Him all the days of our life in holiness before Him." That's cleanliness, holiness. But today you can mention the word "holy" and people laugh at it. See how Satan's got it all wrapped up? But you are a slave. And if you are a Christian, you're a slave. You're a bond slave of the Lord Jesus. If ... there's two people of you, both spirit and body. And if you cater to the flesh, you're a slave of the devil; and you'll crucify the soul that's in you. For the Bible said, "The soul that sinneth, that soul shall die." And you have to crucify the flesh in order to be a bond slave in you're flesh to be a servant of Jesus Christ. So you're a slave any way you take it. And you can't get away from it.

```
Ezekiel 18:4 Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.

Ezekiel 18:20 The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.

Luke 1:74 That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,

Luke 1:75 In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life.

```
**28** So you're a slave, you're marked. And the Bible said, in the last days there would be two marks, and every person on the earth would have one or the other. You just can't get out of it. One's the mark of the beast; the other one was a seal of God. And the seal of God is the Holy Spirit, God's provided way for His church. Ephesians 4:30 said, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed unto the day of your redemption." And to reject that Holy Spirit is to take on the mark of the beast. All that didn't have the mark of God had the mark of the devil. So, you're marked! You're either marked a bond slave in the love of God, or you're marked a slave to the things of the world of the devil. That's hard. But we are slaves, and we want to serve Him all the days of our life. A slave is a servant. In order to be a servant of Jesus Christ, you have to be a slave to yourself, to crucify. Oh, God, let it sink in! Crucify yourself, and your flesh, and your desires, that God might take hold in your heart to move you and motivate you. That's the slave of Christ, the "bond slave," Paul called it. He said he was a slave to the Lord Jesus, a bond slave in service for the Lord Jesus, going about daily crucifying the flesh, to be a slave for Jesus Christ---rejoicing because he was a slave. That's it.

```
Romans 1:1 Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

Philippians 1:1 Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:

Titus 1:1 Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;

```
**29** We try to stand by the church. "The church, the church," that's all you hear. "The church." There's only one church, and that church, you don't join it. It has no creeds. You're born into that church by the Holy Spirit. Your birth brings you into that church, into the fellowship of that church. So, in this we become slaves to Christ. Now, you've heard the old legend of the devil calling all of his imps together, to have a council down in hell one morning. And he said, "What can we do? I want the smartest, the most brilliant of my imps to come around my throne." Said, "How can we deceive that bunch of human beings?" And one little smart-like imp stepped up, and he said, "Master, I have the idea all drawed out." He said, "Then what is it?" And he said, "We will go up there and cause a cyclone to destroy every one of their churches. That's how we will deceive them." And another imp, which was much more smarter than he was, stepped up and said, "How foolish can you speak. That's the only place we've got him deceived at, is at the church."

**30** And that was so at the beginning, and it's so now. Because he was deceived by trying to sew fig leaves together to make himself a way and reject God's way. And that's what he's still doing: sewing his creeds together, and making this and that, and big churches and places, to try to deceive men by. The Bible said he would do it, "have a form of godliness and deny the power thereof." So you see, he's got to be a slave one way or the other. But we who are bond slaves to Jesus Christ, we are slaves of joy. I'm so glad that I got shackles on me, that shackles me away from the things of the world, that I could become a slave to Jesus Christ, to serve Him in love. And you, my brethren and sisters, who are "like precious faith," who's been borned of the Holy Ghost, that's had the blood of Jesus Christ to sanctify and cleanse you from all the filth of the world, that die daily to the flesh, crucify it, putting it away and becoming a slave to your own body to serve God, we look for a city to come. Blessed be the Lord!

```
Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

2 Timothy 3:5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.

2 Peter 1:1 Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:

```
**31** We are looking for a city who's builder and maker is God. When this old robe of flesh we'll drop, and rise and seize the everlasting prize, and shout, while passing through the air, "Farewell, farewell, sweet hour of prayer," that's what we look for. We look for the day that when we will be delivered from this old body of corruption. And it'll not be slavery any more, but we'll be in the arms of Him, and in the care of Him, and in the image of Him, who loved us and gave His life for us, that He might wash us by the water through the Word to make us presentable in the presence of God. His presence goes with us; the angels of God are encamped about those who fear Him. And we know that He's here tonight. And if we, all the days of our life, we serve Him in holiness ... but we're slaves to Him. If you haven't become a slave to God yet, to Christ, a bond slave in His love, let us bow our heads, and you think it over just a minute. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood, there's power in the blood; Sin-stains are lost in this life-giving flow; Oh, there's wonderful power in the blood. Won't you human being, won't you people that's present here tonight, cut loose of the fetters of Satan? He just wants to keep you bound far enough that he can hold you.

```
Psalm 34:7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.

Ephesians 5:26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

Hebrews 11:10 For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

```
**32** When the children of Israel was going out of Egypt, Pharaoh said, "Yes, you can go worship, but you leave your children behind. Leave your cattle behind." What did he want to do? Leave something back there so they knowed that they'd come back for it. That's what Pharaoh, the devil, is still saying to the children. But I like Moses' statement. He said, "We won't leave one hoof behind. We will go; everything that we've got will go." That's the way. Let your pride go. Let everything that you've got go. Take everything with you. Don't leave nothing back to the world. Surrender all to Christ while we pray.

```
Exodus 10:24 And Pharaoh called unto Moses, and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.

Exodus 10:26 Our cattle also shall go with us; there shall not an hoof be left behind; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD, until we come thither.

```
**33** And while we're praying, would anybody like to be remembered in prayer? Raise up your hand, say, "Remember me, God." Oh, that's good. God bless you. "I want to be marked by God. I want to be His bondservant. I want to be so in love with Jesus, that all the things desirable in my life of this world will be crucified, and I will be more like Jesus each day; I will be so much like Him, till others will see Jesus in me. That's the way I want my life hid." Is there others who would raise their hands that hasn't? God bless you, all around, up in the balcony. That's good. God bless you. Let's bow our heads humbly now and pray. Whatever you have need of, just ask. "Ask abundantly that your joys may be full. Ask and you shall receive; seek and ye shall find; knock, it'll be opened unto you."

```
Matthew 7:7 Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:

Luke 11:9 And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.

John 16:24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.

```
**34** O Lord, we just have to cut a little bit short tonight in the message, because healing services are coming up. But first, we want a healing service, Lord, of the soul. We want to see men and women be healed by the power of God, that'll take the world and the desire of the world out of their life. Satan is trying to pull many of the children back today. Oh, there's so much enticements, so many uncensored programs on the shows, and televisions, and things that they should not look at. And it entices the human being. And we think of the churches, how they let them blindly stagger into that, thinking that it's all right. We hear the solemn warning, "If the blind lead the blind, they'll all fall in the ditch." We pray tonight, God, that such a desire will come upon each heart that raised their hands, and those who did not raise their hands, that the desire will be so great in their life tonight, until every line that's holding them to the world will be cut loose, and their souls will flow freely, God will take control and lead them, and they'll not try to think for themselves; they'll just believe what God says and be free.

```
Matthew 15:14 Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.

Luke 6:39 And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?

```
**35** Forgive them of sin. Forgive them of sin of transgressions and omission, whatever the sins might be, Lord, we pray that You forgive them. It may be they're just dilatory. I pray, Lord, that You'll forgive them for that, for You want men and women to leave this convention, as we would express it, "on their toes" for You, ready to go serve. We don't know what day the last opportunity will be presented to us to serve. Our lives will be called, then we will answer before God. If there has any escaped, Lord, from the further services, or the services that has been, grant that this will be the hour that they'll surrender all. May this message cut deep. May it be brought out in the way in the heart that You would have it, that they would see that it...

**36** I am trying to present to them, Lord, that the natural man sees the natural things. And the spiritual things are so contrary to the intellectuals, that he cannot understand it. And it was You, Lord, that told Nicodemus, "Except a man be born again, he can't even understand the kingdom of God." So we pray that new birth will be in this building all over it tonight, Lord, that new hearts, new generations, new impulsions, new gifts, new hopes, new life will just be sprung up all over this place in every heart. I present it to You now, Lord, as Your servant. In the name of Jesus Christ, may I meet them at the judgment, if not before, and say, "It was in Chicago on that Friday night that I said my 'yes,' and I cut loose every shoreline to launch out into the deep to let down for the draught." Grant it, Father. We love to be Your slaves all the days of our life. We serve You as bond slaves of Your love with joy, in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

1 Corinthians 2:14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.

```
**37** Let's start just that little song, "I Am Coming, Lord; Coming Now To Thee." You know it, son? Give us a little song. "Room At The Fountain," do you know that one? "Room At The Fountain"? "Jesus Keep Me Near The Cross?" All right. Let's sing that good old song. You can have what you wish, the jubilees are all right, but I like them good old heartfelt songs about the blood and about the cause. Somebody help me lead just now. Jesus, keep me near (Now is your time to worship now.) There (Why do you worship? Over the Word. You water it now. Worship over the Word according to your heart.) Oh, it's free to all---a healing stream, Flow from Calvary's fountain. In the cross, (Just worship Him now.) ...the cross, Be my glory ever; Till my raptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river.

**38** Wouldn't you rather glory in the cross than in any fashion of the world? Wouldn't you rather glory in the cross than any worldly pleasure? "In the cross, in the cross, Be my glory ever." Let's sing it again. In the cross, in the cross, Be my glory ever; Till my ruptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river. Don't you just love that, that sweet mellow Holy Spirit just breathing upon us like? See, it's so simple. All the starch and intellectuals of the world has been taken away, the Spirit's just worshipping, worshipping God through us, the Holy Spirit making intercessions, breathing out worship. Oh, my. I'll take that before any creed there is. We don't have no law but love, no creed but Christ, no book but the Bible. That's it. That's it. Just give me that forever. That's good enough for me. Oh, how we love Him. All that feel real good now, just real cleaned out, raise up your hand? Oh, isn't that fine. Just look. Oh, my. So sweet...

**39** "'Tis So Sweet To Trust In Jesus."? You all know this song, help me sing it, "'Tis So Sweet To Trust In Jesus." Now, we're not singing it so somebody hears you here; we're singing it so He hears us, the Spirit. We're trying to find favor with Him now and worship Him, and Him come to us. All right, let's sing. 'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus, Just to take Him at His Word, Just to rest upon His promise, Just to know, "Thus saith the Lord." Jesus, Jesus, how I trust Him! How I proved Him o'er and o'er! Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus! O for grace to trust Him more!

**40** Isn't that your desire? How I'm so glad I learned to trust Him. How I proved Him o'er and o'er. I've seen men dying in the shadow of cancer, see Him raise him up to life again. I've seen little children lay on the road, a little child that was completely dead, nothing ... every bone in him broke, laying on the side of the road in a vision two years before it happened. Laying his little hands crossed, walked away, and all of them standing around. Walk up there, and how His Word told me that child would rise again. Oh, my! How I proved Him over and over. Just speak and say, "Lord Jesus, You was the One said that he would rise again, so, death, you can't hold him no longer. Come to him, life!" The little fellow jumped on his feet, and started running, jumping all around. How I've proved Him o'er and o'er. I've seen those staggering in blindness and darkness receive their sight and walk away. Oh, how I proved Him over and over. I've seen the prostitute on the street come to me and say, "Brother Branham, I'm not worthy to stand in a minister's presence. But I don't want to die like this," and see them be made ladies, ladies. Just as renown, every sin forgiven. I've seen drunkards stagger in so whiskey soaked, and tobacco all over them, and saying, "I've took the cure; I've done everything, and I just ... there's no hope for me," and see the blood of Jesus Christ cleanse them from all unrighteousness. And a year later, see them stand in the pulpit preaching the Gospel. How I proved Him o'er and o'er! Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus! O for grace to trust Him more!

**41** I'm going to trust Him for your healing now. I want you to trust Him, too. I'm going to trust Him that after our sins are under the blood, and our hearts condemn us not, then when we lay hands on the sick they'll get well. [Gap in the audio.]

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

1 John 3:21 Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.

1 John 3:22 And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.

```
**42** No, it's in my other Bible. When the Lord gave me a vision and said the change will be when a woman will come to the platform, how she'd be dressed, and would have a little baby that was incurable, wrapped in a little blanket, and the baby would be healed. She'd be wearing a coat suit, and how she'd look, and all like that. And that would be the time that my ministry would change. How many's ever heard me say that? 'Course, for years. How many knows when it happened? Right down here in the Armory, when I was here the last time. Walking across the floor... My wife, my daughter-in-law, and even Billy, and they were all there. And I seen this little woman coming. I had a prayer line moving. And this little lady come, and I thought, "Well, I don't believe I... There's somewhere I've knowed that woman, but I just can't place her." See, it'd been so long, five or six years. Though it lingers, yet, it will speak in its day.

**43** Let's see, is there five over there, Billy? Billy? Is the five there? 1 to 5? 6, 7, 8, 9, 10... 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. All right.

**44** And so I looked around to find Billy. He wasn't on the platform. I looked for my wife, and her and Loyce, my daughter-in-law, they were looking some other way. And I seen what it was, it was the little woman. She had the baby, and she brought the baby up; prayed, and the Lord Jesus healed her, made her well ---made the baby well. And Rosella, where you at? She was here to witness about the little baby. And so... Here's how the story started. I went down to pray for the children that had been hurt in this Catholic school that burned. You remember the case? And remember, the Full Gospel Businessmen had a meeting there to offer prayer for the sick, and the sisters and them was in the hospitals.

**45** And this little lady had went to her pastor. Rosella, am I right? Was that the Swedish Covenant church, or something, she belonged to? And the doctors here in the city many of them, had give the little baby up---it couldn't live. And her pastor said, "Go see Brother Branham; God will hear his prayer." Now, if that man is present, God bless you, brother, for that, because you did something for that lady. And so, if I'm telling the story right, you follow me. And so that night when... That afternoon, I just made a congregational prayer for the little sick fellows in the hospital and the sisters that was hurt, and I left. And the little lady was crying, because she had to go home. The father was baby-sitting with one or two more children. And so, I believe Rosella seen her crying, or something. And they said, "Well, why don't Brother Branham..." She said, "I brought the baby. My pastor told me to come have Brother Branham pray for it." And said, "The doctors has give it up." Said, "But he never prayed for the sick." And she said, "That'll be tonight. That was for the school, today." And so she said, "But I can't stay."

**46** And I believe one of the ushers held the baby, or something, while she went and made a call to her husband. Her husband sweetly said, "Well, go ahead, honey, stay." So Rosella said, "Now, I tell you. Usually Brother Branham's son, Billy Paul, gives out the cards." Said, "You stand there at the door, and he will tell you where to go." And said, "You tell him you want a card." So Rosella helped her, and Billy gave her a card. And that night... I don't think she was in the discernment line, she was just coming down along the line. But however, when she come in, I seen the little baby, and I thought, "Wait a minute. Dressed like that? I know that baby."

**47** Brother Gene Goad sitting here, up in New Hampshire last spring there was a lady come on the platform packing a baby; he said, "Brother Branham, wasn't that that lady?" I said, "No, that wasn't her." We'd been looking for about four or five years for her. And I said, "That wasn't her," I said, "because this woman was blond headed, and she was tall, and dressed different, the baby was older." And this was a little bitty baby, real, real sick. And so, when the lady come up, the Holy Spirit begin to move, and said that the doctors had give the baby up, begin to tell all the history of the baby, as He usually does, and told her that her little baby couldn't eat anything. Every time it would eat, I believe (Is that right?), it would throw it up. And it was so many months old, and only weighed just two or three pounds or something. And if it did stay in the stomach, it went right through it as a dysentery. And it was in a terrible shape. But the Holy Spirit spoke out, "Thus saith the Lord, the baby's healed."

**48** And I looked to see where Billy was; I couldn't see him to make him understand. So I said, "I will just wait and see how blind they are, if they was as blind as I was." So went on. And after we started home that night, got in the car, my daughter-in-law said, "Did you notice that sweet little baby on the platform?" She said, "It was the cutest little thing---and so sick." Wife said, "I noticed that baby." And I thought, "Now they'll name it," I let it go on. They never named it.

**49** Next day, we was going home, and I couldn't get out of Chicago till noon. My car froze up, and I had to get it thawed out. And it was about noon before I got to leave. And going down the road, the wife said, "Billy, did you notice that little baby last night? Wasn't that the sweetest little thing?" I said, "Yes, it was." and just went on. And she's passing by it again. I said, "Honey, did you notice anything special about that baby and mother?" Said, "No, I don't think so." I said, "You remember about five years ago, a little woman to be dressed with a coat suit on?" She said, "That was it?" I said, "Just exactly. That was it." And my daughter-in-law and son, later we caught up with them and went in to have our night's supper, we call it. And so, we went in to have our supper, and Loyce named about the baby again. And I mentioned to her. And Billy said, "That was right, Daddy! That was that baby, wasn't it?" "Yes."

**50** And from that, the thing's changed. Everybody... I can bring every ... all of them up and pray for them. That doesn't matter. And every once ... sometime along the line the Holy Spirit will stop me and say, "Talk to this one." And then usually, if I've had discernment on one, I couldn't have no more ... every time I met a person it'd be the same thing. But now it isn't. See? I can have, maybe, go along, and something has to be, I see somebody looks like they're going to need it, the Holy Spirit will sometimes stop, speak to them. Then maybe it'll leave me completely, and maybe it'll go way on down somewhere else, maybe somebody else maybe discouraged or something; it'll stop, tell them. Then completely leave me, and I rest up between those times (You see?), so I can make an altar call. Oh, it's way different than it used to be. That way I can pray for every one of them, every person. And my meeting has been revolutionized, because the thing the people here thought, "There's not enough gets prayed for." Well, I couldn't help it. When I'd have discernment for one, He'd bounce right to another, and then I just couldn't come away from it. But now it does. It just leaves me, and goes on, see, till God takes a notion to say something. Oh, that's much better.

**51** I wanted to explain it here, because I think this is my first time to be ... to pray for the sick in the Philadelphian Church since then. So, we're thankful. Every vision God has given me has come completely, exactly, what He says, never failed one time. I stake my life upon that, because it's the Word of the living God made alive among us. That is true. I'm fifty years old. I've knowed that ... a vision since I was about two or three years old, first vision that told me where I would live. And I say this as a Christian: I have never, in all my life, ever sincerely asked God for anything but what He gave it to me, or told me why He couldn't do it. And I believe that every Christian in here can vouch for the same thing. If you'll be sincere, and come to God... Now, there's many times you think you have need for something. God never said that He would supply your wants; He'd supply your needs, see. He knows what it is.

```
Philippians 4:19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.

```
**52** Now, the Lord bless you. Now, how many we got there now? Billy, where you at? 10? 10 to 15, number 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20. All right, that's good. Now, I believe when that group is out there, twenty... Let's let them stand. Now, right here's where I want twenty to start from, right here. Are you 20, sister? Stand right where you are. What? Well, look, they're lined up against the wall, Billy. Then I can line them up right here, I think, and run them through. Think you can stand down through there? Okay, have it your way. 21, 22, up to 30. Go right around the wall. From 20 to 30, right around the wall. All right, that's ten more, right around the wall. 30 to 40, let them come next, 30 to 40. Billy, I believe you're making a mistake. I never like to tell anybody how to run their business, but you're going to have more than you can put in the line over there.

**53** I will tell you what. Just let the ladies stand right here. You, the sisters there, come right out here. All right. I will have to wait till they get those lined up. All right. While they're lining those up, let's sing "Only Believe," what do you say? Everybody together now. Only believe, (Let's think while we're singing, "I see Him coming down off the mountain.") All things are possible, only believe; Only believe, only believe; All things are possible, only believe. Now, let's sing it different. "Now I receive, let's sing it like that. You like it like that? Now I receive (Receive Christ), now I receive; All things are possible, (40 To 50 now, prayer cards 40 to 50 now, line up over here.) Now I receive, now I receive; All things are possible, now I receive.

**54** How many knows who wrote that song? A great Chicago preacher, Paul Rader. He's in glory tonight, went like a gallant hero. Before he died, when he was dying, they tell me that in the hospital he called for his brother Luke. And he said, "Luke, we've come a long ways together. But think of it: In five minutes from now I will be standing in the presence of Jesus Christ, clothed in His righteousness." Oh, my. He was a wonderful man. God bless Paul.

**55** Now, is those handkerchiefs to be prayed over? Now, I want to say this to my friends that's here. There has been times that you've wrote me for a handkerchief or anointed cloth that I prayed over, and you failed to receive it, or maybe waited a long time before you got it. I used to think, "What a smart man Oral Roberts was." And he is a smart man, and a wonderful man of God. And I used to think, "How brilliant that man can be, to have a office of about four hundred. And all these things, and editing a paper." I said, "I don't understand how he does it." Brother Tommy Osborn and I, we just kind of slummed along; and after while, up went Brother Tommy Osborn, almost with Brother Roberts, and just about as great a office and things as Brother Oral's got, now. I said, "Say, how did that happen?" I didn't understand. I come to find out that it wasn't them that did it all; they had somebody around them to do it for them. So that lightened the burden.

**56** So, we are trying that. We are trying to get enough around us to where we can answer these cloths, these prayer cloths and letters, just as fast as they come. They come in one day, go out the next. And I've changed offices. I don't have the same office. The same Post Office Box 3-2-5, but I got a new office force altogether, Holy Ghost-filled people that's ready to answer, and to work with the mail. And pretty soon, the Lord willing, we're going to stretch that out into more, and so we can keep ministering farther. And so...

**57** But we're seeing that every prayer cloth is put in, I pray over it; every prayer request is called in, it's immediately given to me. And we got it just on the dot. So, if you need prayer, urgent prayer, and you want me to pray for you, and my staff to pray for you... Not only the staff, but they bring it to me. Maybe if I'm not at the answering service, I don't call, it's put right down reverently, and given to me immediately as soon as they can get to me; and I go right straight to prayer for them. And sometimes they bring in sheets of it. And I take that and go to my ... go into my basement maybe. I've got a, like a den room there. I take one with my finger like this, and start praying till I feel the Holy Spirit's there. And I say, "God, here's Sister Sam Jones. She says here it's got cancer. Oh, God, she's dying. Please, in Jesus' name, hear my prayer. Here's Brother So-and-so. He's got a tumor, he's in a hospital. God, please be merciful to him and spare his life." Each one, right down the row. As Brother Mercier types them off and sends them to Brother Goad, right straight to me, I get right to them, off to myself.

**58** See, I'd like to go out and just be associating with the people, and meeting them, and talking and shaking hands. I can't do that and then minister like this, see. I got to stay where the anointing of the Spirit is, all the time. When the battle's over, then I want an appointment with you each one, a thousand years apiece to sit down by the rivers of the waters of life, and there talk it all over. But right now we've got to minister. The heat's on, the day is hot, and let's minister, and fight the fight of faith, and stay in the battle there for the people. See, that's what we got to do. And every prayer cloth that you send ... that's sent to you is absolutely ministered to. Every person that calls in for prayer is absolutely one by one ministered to. I know you like to hear that. It wasn't that way before. We just... Oh, we just had to do the best we could. But it's all being organized now. And we're thankful.

```
1 Timothy 6:12 Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.

```
**59** Now, while they got the prayer line waiting, we're going to pray for these cloths. And you help me. Now remember, you people who's right with God, God will answer your prayer just the same as He will answer my prayer, or anybody's prayer. He will answer His children. He has no specials. Now, He might give one a certain work to do, and someone a hoe, and someone a hammer, and someone make a carpenter, or someone ... but they're all His children. So let's pray. Lord, we, as this portion of the body of Christ, we are coming to Thee sincerely for these sick people that these handkerchiefs, and little packages, and bottles of oil, and so forth in here represent. And now, let the Holy Spirit that's present, the Spirit of the Word of God that made the promise, may it sanctify these efforts that we're putting forth, that when these cloths are laid upon the people, or the anointing oil dropped upon the sick, may immediately the angels of God stand near to minister to them the blessings of the covenant that Jesus Christ made with the sick. Grant it, Lord, for we ask it for His glory and in His name. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. And immediately after service, now, you can get them.

**60** I believe that all the fifty's in the line. All right. How many... Now, no one... Is there any more prayer cards in here? All right. Then just do... Who have not a prayer card, raise up your hand. Who was it? Somebody with a prayer card? Well, brother, here, just drop yourself in there anywhere, brother. All right. Now, without prayer cards you said, raise up your hand, and you're sick, and you want God to heal you. Now, remember... I got a little sermon I preach: He's God On The Housetop; He's God In The Cellar. He's God in the prison; He's God in a hospital. He's God in the church; He's God in the pew. He's God everywhere; He's God. And that's right. He's God. He's just as much God there where you are as He is God here or God in heaven. He's everywhere omnipresent. Do you believe that? Omniscient, omnipotent, infinite, He's God.

**61** Now, you know there was a little woman in the Bible that couldn't have a prayer card or get in the prayer line, but she touched the border of His garment. Do you remember that? That's all the prayer card she needed. If she'd have had a prayer card without that kind of a faith, she'd have never got healed. But she had the faith without the prayer card, and that's all that's necessary. And that's all you have to have. Have the faith without a prayer card, and you can be healed. Do you believe that? Just let you know that God is still God. He will answer you out there. I'm just... The hands over here. Everybody over here, put up your hands that hasn't a prayer card. All around now? I guess it's just everywhere. Everybody... This is a sick world, isn't it? But you know what's the sickest body on earth? I say this with reverence, not to be sacrilegious. God forgive me if I say wrong. The body of Jesus Christ, it needs healing. And it can only be healed by brotherly love. That's the sickest body I know of, all broke to pieces and tore up. God, I pray for the healing of that body. And you're the members of that body. So, God heal you physically and spiritually, make you what you should be. Now, you touch His garment tonight, and He will be God out there just as He's God here.

**62** Now, I suppose that everyone in the prayer line... I want to talk to you, because this is not a line of discernment; this is a line of prayer. Now, the reason I comb through the people so closely with that discernment... Anyone knows, that knows the Scripture, that sometimes sickness is permitted by God to bring discipline to His people. Do you know that? That's right. Well, what if you take a gift and take off the person what God put on them? Then you're in trouble with God. Is that right? Do you believe the power that God gives unto men in prayer can do that? Whether it's the will of God or not, it'll do it anyhow. Moses smote the rock, and it wasn't God's will. I couldn't imagine being God's will, because Elijah was baldheaded, and those children making fun of him being baldheaded, and he cursed those children and caused the death of forty-two little children. I can't think that to be the Holy Spirit, see. But it's just the prophet angered, and the power of that prophet.

**63** Now, so, all of you along the prayer line, remember this: If you've got unconfessed sin in your life... I'm going to pray with all my heart. And if there's anything in my life to keep prayer from being answered, I don't know it. Now, I am not a healer. But I have had some certainly direct answers to prayer. And that's what I'm coming to pray for you---not to heal you---to pray for you. You have to have the faith for healing yourself, the same as I do to pray for you. But the Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe: If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." Now, remember, I'm placing this right back in your lap. If you have unconfessed sin in your life, step out of the line now and make it right with God. For remember, I'm not responsible. God judge you. If you come through the line with unconfessed sin, and are healed, and it's against the will of God, then you see to it. It's not on my hands. For the Lord would not let me do this for a long time, but now He's given me permission. So, I place it back on you, see.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**64** Many of you remember in the meetings, how that the Holy Spirit would call out them sins and things, the men living in adultery, and women, things that they had stole. You remember it, don't you, church, all of you, see. Now, we're not taking that now. So I'm placing it right back on you, see. You see to it. You come on. If you don't feel right about it, pray and ask God. If He says, "All right," you come on through. The Lord bless you, until we meet again Sunday night, meeting, God be with you.

**65** Now, start here with the people here. I suppose everyone of you in the line is a stranger, we're strangers. How many in the line knows I don't know nothing about you, don't know what's wrong with you, or something or another, raise up your hand, all you people I'm strangers to. How many out there in the audience that's sick, and knows that I don't know nothing about you, raise up your hand. But God does know that, doesn't He? If He will permit, let God's will be done. Now, to start with, so that you'll see that the Holy Spirit is still here, the Holy Spirit gives discernment. He's still here. This lady here, we will just start with her.

**66** Now, sister, whether I ... whether the Holy Spirit would anoint me to tell you about yourself or something, that wouldn't make any difference to you. You'd believe it anyhow, just to pray, is that right? You'd believe me anyhow, if I prayed for you? But I believe you held up your hand awhile ago that we were strangers to one another; but God knows us both. You believe that. If the Holy Spirit will tell me what's your trouble, or something, and there might be strangers here... Let's just find out if there is or not, see. Is there any strangers here that's never been in one of my meetings before? Let's see your hands, put them up. Well, my! Sure there is. Then I will explain this just a moment maybe.

**67** Here's a picture of Saint John 4, just so you'll see it. Jesus, being a man, the God-man, God was in Him, He met a woman at the well, Saint John 4. And she was a Samaritan, and Him being a Jew, He asked her for a drink of water. And she said, "It's not customary for you Jews to ask Samaritans such." And the conversation went on. And Jesus... The Bible said that He had need to go by Samaria. The Father sent Him up there, because... How many knows that Jesus said, "I do nothing till the Father shows me first?" Jesus never did one thing till He saw a vision on what to do. No prophet or anything else, until God showed him. It ain't man; it's God. Never man; it's God.

```
John 4:4 And he must needs go through Samaria.

John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 5:30 I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.

```
**68** So, He spoke to the woman till He found out what her troubles was. And when He found her trouble, He told her her trouble. How many of you strange people here never been in one of the meetings before knows what the woman's trouble was? Raise up your hand. Sure, she had ... she was living in adultery. She had married five husbands, and she wasn't living with a sixth husband, she was with then wasn't hers. But Jesus found where her trouble was and told her. And what did she say? "Why, Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet. We know that when the Messiah cometh, he will tell us these things." See, that was the sign of the Messiah, see. "You must be a prophet. And we know when Messiah cometh, he will tell us these things, because..."

```
John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

```
**69** How many knows that the Messiah was a prophet? Moses said so. "The Lord your God shall rise up a prophet liken unto me." Is that right? "Whosoever shall will not hear this prophet will be cut off from among the people." So they knowed He was to be the God-prophet. And He said that... "That we know Messiah cometh: and He comes, He will tell us such things. But who are you?" And He said, "I'm he that speaks to you." And she ran into the city and said, "Come, see a man that told me the things that I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?" Now, that same Jesus, when He went away, said, "A little while, and the world will see me no more; yet you shall see me. For I will be with you, even in you till the end of the world. And the things that I do shall you do also." He prophesied that this thing would take place.

```
Deuteronomy 18:15 The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;

Deuteronomy 18:19 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**70** As He draws near, His Spirit is getting... For the last forty years it's been moving into the church, giving them the baptism, restoring the gift of tongues, and everything. Now, what did Paul say? "If one comes in among you, and you all speaking with tongues, and the unlearned be set there, he will say, 'Why, you're barbarian.' But if one prophesies and reveals the secret of the heart, then they'll fall down and say, 'God surely is with you.'" Is that right? So you see, we're just getting nearer home now. The Messiah is being made known brighter, brighter, brighter, brighter. Just like your shadow coming, and it becomes more, and more, and more, till it becomes completely positive. That's when Christ and His bride unites together. Then we will be one in Him.

```
1 Corinthians 14:23 If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?

1 Corinthians 14:24 But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:

1 Corinthians 14:25 And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth.

```
**71** Sister, not knowing you, never seen you in my life, I have to wholly depend on something to reveal it to me what would be your trouble. I never seen you. This is our first time meeting, but God knows. Now, you be the judge. Now, if I'd run up, lay hands on you, and say, "Oh, you're sick," (I don't know you're sick, but I'd say, "You are sick." Might guess it.) and say, "The Lord's going to heal you, because I laid hands on you," that's true. That's right, He promised that. But now, what if He goes back down in your life and tells you something? And you know whether that's the truth or not, something that's already happened. And if He knows what has been, and will tell you what will be, then surely you'd have faith in that, wouldn't you? You'd believe that. Or would you? Would you believe it? [Woman speaks to Brother Branham.] All right. I didn't say that you had committed adultery. I said, "If God told you something that's wrong with you, what you're here to be prayed for, something like that." You know I don't know what's wrong with you, but God does know what's wrong with you.

**72** How many in the audience understands? How many in the prayer line understands it? All right. So if the lady doesn't understand just right, I shall leave the woman and go to the audience so that you'll see, and let the woman understand. Every person that's out there that's sick, has something wrong with them, raise up your hand, you don't have a prayer card. Here... See this lady sitting right here with the little round hat on, hand up to her mouth? Yes. She's suffering with heart trouble. If that's right, stand up on your feet, lady. Go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. I don't know her; I've never seen her in my life. Are we strangers, lady, to one another? We don't know each other, not at all. You're sitting there without a prayer card or anything, just sitting in the audience. Is that right? Now you feel different, don't you? The heart's beating normal again. Why? What did you touch? You touched the High Priest that's here, you see.

**73** You see what I mean? You just have faith. Believe. Now you understand what I mean? You want to see somebody else? You think that was just a make-up? Someone else in the audience believe. Here. This lady sitting here with her hand up, the little round cap on sitting there. She also has heart trouble, and she's praying for it. That's right. That's right. If it is, stand up on your feet, you. All right. Your heart feels better now, don't it? All right, you're healed. You can go home. That you might think it just deal with heart trouble, the woman sitting right behind her there is suffering with high blood pressure. If that's right, lady, stand on your feet. That's right. If you believe He just heals the high blood pressure, the lady setting behind her is anemic. Is that right, lady? Stand on your feet. Go home and be healed. Amen. Jesus Christ is God, see. Now, look this way.

**74** The lady just doesn't understand. But look, let me show you. Watch this way. You're nervous. You got a nervous condition. You're also suffering with a cancer. That cancer is of the bone. That's right. You're not from this place. You're not from this city. You're not from this state. You're from Kentucky or Tennessee. You're right on the line of Kentucky and Tennessee. Your name is Mrs. Philips. Does that satisfy you? Go home now and get well over it, in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord our God, Creator of heavens and earth, be merciful to my sister, and heal her in Jesus' name. If I don't say one word, you believe you're healed anyhow? All right, God bless you. Now, go home. You believe, sister? O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, Thy Spirit all sufficient and present now, let Thy love come on her and heal her in Jesus' name. Amen. All right. If I don't say one word to you, yet you believe you'll be healed? Well, your nervousness has left you. You was healed just ... you can go on. If you just have faith, believe now. Now, if I don't tell those people, that doesn't make any difference. It's just the same. He's the same Spirit. You believe it? Sure.

**75** This lady. Are we strangers to one another? If Jesus Christ... Do you believe that it's His presence that's standing here now, just taking our bodies? You are a Christian. [Gap in the audio.] Go home and be well. In the name of Jesus Christ be made well. O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, heal this woman of heart trouble in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go believing. Come, sister. You believe with all your heart? All right. The female trouble will leave you, and you go home and be well now, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Do you believe for the little lad? Lord, I lay hands upon him in the name of Jesus Christ. Let him be well. Amen. God bless our brother, as I lay hands upon him, in the name of Jesus Christ, may he be healed. Amen. Now, sister, we all see that you're crippled. You got all stoved up. You believe that God will heal you? O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, let Thy Spirit and mercy come upon the woman and heal her in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, go believe it, and throw your crutch away, and go home.

**76** All right. Do you believe with all your heart? You believe me to be the servant of Christ? If God will reveal to me what you're here for, your sickness or whatever it is, you believe that God will grant to you the promise? All right. You're here for somebody else. It's your husband. He just went to the hospital. He's got something wrong with his lungs and his bones. That's right. Go, he will get well. Believe it with all your heart. O Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, may this child be healed for the glory of God. Amen. Don't doubt. Believe it. O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, grant this woman's healing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Believe, sister. Lord, Creator of heavens and earth, grant the healing of this woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. We see the little here girl with the polio. Just set her right down here to be prayed for, like, right here. Just believe now that God's going to let this little girl get well. Going to believe it? Bring her right here.

**77** Now, the little girl here, no discernment for this. She's got polio. She's in braces. Let's believe that God will heal this child. Dear heavenly Father, the Creator of heavens and earth, the author of everlasting life, send Thy blessings upon the child and may she be healed for the glory of God. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. Don't doubt. Believe that she will get well, and you can have what you ask for. What? You want to sit down there a little bit? Sit down there just a little bit, and stay in the Presence here so ... see what happens to her. All right. Well, while I was praying, the heart trouble left you, so just go on and rejoice. Lord God... O Lord, I pray that You'll grant it to him in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, give blessings to my brother, this which he's asking for in Jesus' name. Amen. Come, my brother. We see that you're shaking with palsy. But you believe that God will heal you? Lord God, I pray that You'll heal our brother and make him well in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, everybody just be in prayer, prayerfully, waiting, watching.

**78** Do you believe now that the Lord Jesus can make you well, sister? O Eternal God, author of everlasting life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy mercies upon our sister, and heal her in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, believe with all your heart. Look, young... Oh, I'm sorry. Come here, sister. What's the matter? You're all nervous, mental nervousness. You just feel like you can't get to yourself. You want a place to place your foot. This is it right now at the cross. Now, go... I can make it leave you (See?), but it'll come back. It's because in this Presence now, he couldn't stay here if you had to. But it'll come back, if the good man of the house's faith isn't there. You've wanted a place to start; now start from right here. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, this shadow of darkness like a mist hanging at the woman, in the name of Jesus Christ, demon of nervousness, leave the woman. Amen. Now, go and rejoice. Look. Be happy. Just rejoice and thank God; it'll stay away from you. Just believe it.

**79** All right. Come, sister. You're going to have to be operated on if God doesn't heal you. But God will take the tumor out if you'll believe Him. Will you believe Him? In the name of Jesus Christ, may you be healed. Amen. Believe with all your heart. Now, you're being crippled with arthritis if you don't ... God don't heal you. Lord Jesus, heal her of arthritis in Jesus' name. Amen. Come, sister. Arthritis will get you too, if you don't believe. Lord, I pray that You'll take the palsy from her and heal her of the arthritis, and make her well in Jesus' name. Amen. Now, go believing. If you can believe. All you believing out there now? Everybody praying for these people? How do you do? Something taken place in the audience just then. I can't see it right now. Maybe He will reveal it. Just keep in prayer.

**80** We are strangers to one another, I suppose. This first time meeting, but the Lord God knows us both. Do you believe that He could tell me what your trouble was? You got heart trouble. You're ready for the hospital to have an operation. That is true. Do you believe me now? You're not from this town either, not even this state. You're from Missouri, Waynesville. Your name's Elsie. Your last name's Martin. Now, go home and be well in Jesus' name. Rosella, of course I know who you are... In the name of Jesus Christ, may the power of God come down and heal you. Amen. That's it. Just receive your healing while the Holy Spirit's upon us. Eternal God, heal our sister. Amen. O Lord, I lay my hands upon these women and cast away the evil in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, I ask for the healing of this woman, that You'll make her completely well in Jesus' name. Amen. Lord, I pray for my brother, that You'll touch his body too, Lord, and make him well in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless this young man. I pray that Your Holy Spirit will give to him the desire of his heart, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

**81** God bless this, our brother, and may the God of heaven, who's the Author of this Word that he has beneath his arm, may You give him the desire of his heart in Jesus' name. Amen. Have faith. All right, sister. You believe your back trouble is gone [unclear words] . O Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal our sister and make her well. Amen. Lord, I pray that You'll heal our sister here and make her well in Jesus' name. Amen. If you just have faith, just believe, that's all you have to do. When the blessings are falling like that, then just reach right out and get a hold of it. You see? It's God with His big loaded powers of God just sprinkling right over you like that, gifts for you. He just throws them to you like Eliezer did to Rebekah, just throwing out His gifts of mercy and blessings to you. You believe that? All right. Just have faith and believe. Looks like the discernment just sets it afire. And then, see, you can't have all discernment. If you do, you don't get them all through. Don't you like this way better? Why sure. Gives everybody a chance to be prayed for. Now, every one of it would be the same. It'd be just the same thing to each one.

**82** Look, let's see, who's next? This woman? Or this the woman here? How do you do? We're strangers to one another, are we? All right. I don't know you, and you don't know me. But if God will reveal to me what your trouble is, will you believe me to be His servant? Believe it'd have to be the Spirit of God telling me that? You have trouble with your lungs, with your breasts, and with your back. Is that right? Now, you go back to Nebraska and be well. Jesus Christ will make you well. Do you believe that God will take that tumor out without an operation? All right, go and receive it in the name of Jesus Christ. Now, brother, that old asthmatic condition's awful bad. But do you believe that God's going to make you well? In the name of Jesus Christ, may it be condemned. Under the power of the Holy Ghost and in the presence of Christ, may he be healed. Amen, amen. O Lord, Creator of heavens and earth, grant the healing to this brother that he's asking in Jesus' name. Come, sister. You're awful strong looking to be a nervous person. But sometimes our looks don't ... it's deceiving. But God will heal you of that, don't you believe it? O Lord, I pray that You'll heal our sister and take this nervousness from her in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, go believing. Just have faith.

**83** You believe, my brother? Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, may our brother go and be made completely well in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, brother. All right, next. Is it...? All right. We strangers to one another, sister? This is all the prayer cards now. The girl here is what we call, in the nation here, colored. Her home is ... she's Ethiopian. Now... Africa. But we know, as a white man, a colored woman, a very picture of the Lord meeting the woman at the well. They were two nationalities of people. One was a Samaritan; one was a Jew. But Jesus let them know right quick that God had no colors or races in His... They all are one. We come from Adam, every one of us. All of us are children of God. The country you live in, color of our skin---white, brown, yellow, black, whatever it is---we're all one in Christ Jesus. The places we live had nothing to do with God. God put us that way. Certainly. They had a great segregation in them days like they're trying to have in the South. But God let them know, Jesus let them know, that He was God of all. And that's right.

**84** Now here's exactly that picture again. Two different people, a man, a woman, one of one race, one the white race, one of the dark race, standing here. I've never seen the woman. And I suppose we're strangers to each other. Is that right? If that's right just raise your hand so the people can see. I don't know her, never seen her in my life that... Maybe the first time she's ever seen me. But now, there's something wrong, maybe. Maybe there's not. I don't know. But if the Holy Spirit will reveal and tell me what's wrong with you, or some secret that you ... that's in your heart, just reveal it out, and reveal it, then you'll know it was something that did it. Will you believe it was the...? Would you do like that woman of Samaria when the Lord Jesus did that to her? She ran into the city and said, "Come, see a man who told me the things that I've did, or I tucked in my heart. Isn't that the Messiah?" Well, it's the same Messiah in His church, isn't it? Do you believe that? All of you will believe it? May the Lord grant it.

```
John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**85** Now, step up close, so if the vision does break, the people can hear it in strength. Now here we both are, never met in our lives before. Here's the Bible, our first time. Now, if Jesus Christ is still the Messiah, if He's raised from the dead, then He's not dead; He's alive forever more. He's with the church. And if He is with the church, He promised to work through the church the same way that God worked through Him, the body of Jesus, that God would work through the church by the same Spirit, the Holy Spirit. Is that right? The same works. Now, let it be known that Jesus Christ is alive. This is by a gift that comes from God.

**86** Now, the lady, I've never seen her. May the Lord God tell me something that would cause the audience to receive Jesus right now as their healer. And if you need it, may He grant the same thing to you. Now, you look like a healthy woman---strong, young. But sometimes... It'd have to be something that I couldn't see. It'd have to be something have to be revealed spiritually. But you are suffering, and the suffering is from a tumor. You believe God can tell me where that tumor's at? It's in your right side. That's right, isn't it? Now, do you believe the same Messiah? You believe it out there? You say, "Brother Branham, you might have guessed that." She's got a fine spirit. Yes. I see a thing in her heart; it's a desire. Isn't He wonderful? You know I caught that right then, didn't you? It's for somebody else. It's a friend of yours in the hospital with a stroke. That's right, isn't it? If God will tell me who you are, will that settle it for you? The same God that said to Peter, "Your name is Simon, your father's name is Jonas." That struck him. But your first name is Mattie, your last name is Jones. The same God. Go, and be well, sister, in the name of Jesus Christ.

```
John 1:42 And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

```
**87** Do you believe the Lord Jesus? Then all that believe Him, stand on your feet and receive your healing. Raise up your hands. Now, look to the God of heaven while we pray. O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, who's present now to heal the sick and the afflicted, send Thy power and Thy blessings upon this audience. I condemn every disease and every sickness. May it leave the people. Come out, Satan, in Jesus' name. May the people be healed for God's glory. Now, raise your hands, give Him praise, and thank Him for your healing, and each one of you will be well.
