---
Date: 1959-11-27
Title: Blind Bartimaeus
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Santa Clara County Fairgrounds in San Jose, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 41 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Blind Bartimaeus



**1** Thank you. You be seated. Just a little moment or two late. I was just hearing a testimony of the little photographer that's taking pictures around in the campaign. He was telling me he was healed. I prayed for him in 1948, I believe it was. He was a tubercular in the hospital, and was healed by the power of Almighty God. We're so happy for that. It's a little Spanish brother around here taking pictures. I think he was at the dinner the other night. Or, I call that supper. I'll never get used to calling that dinner. I just... No need of trying... That's right, brother. You know, if I call that dinner, I've lost a meal somewhere. Back in the south, in Kentucky, we have breakfast, dinner, and supper. If you put dinner over where supper is, then where did supper go? And we don't take the Lord's dinner anyhow; we take the Lord's supper, don't we. That's right. That's right.

**2** It's been so nice; I met some of the people from the meeting here today, several of them on the street. And there is... I tell you, it's going to be hard for us to leave this place. This is so nice. The people are nice and friendly. And we certainly appreciate that. And the gifts that the people are giving us! Someone sent us a box of prunes, and some peaches in it, dried peaches. And some walnut kernels, a sack of those. And oh, I don't know what all of gifts and so forth. We do appreciate that. I'm wearing a watch tonight that was given to me at San Jose long ago. They didn't even have a name in the box, the person sent me the watch, a fine, nineteen jewel Elgin. I've wore it ever since. Somebody here at San Jose gave it to me the last meeting. It was just put in some way, and I got it. But it's from San Jose. That person's here tonight, I certainly thank you, brother. I didn't have no name to write back to say "thank you," but I'm sure the Holy Spirit makes it known that I appreciate it. The Lord has blessed me many times. I had that on when these last things happened, so I was so glad.

**3** Now, tomorrow morning is the Businessmen's breakfast. I guess they've announced it, and where it will be, and what time. And then tomorrow night will be our last night at this campaign, so far as we know, in the building here. Then Sunday afternoon closes the service. We certainly do look forward for a great closing service Sunday. If the Lord is willing, my voice holds up, I want to preach Sunday afternoon on the subject, "As The Eagle Stirreth Her Nest And Hovereth Over Her Young." And that is, if I can keep enough voice up. I kind of take... Preaching---just like I would do anything else---I try to put all my heart, soul, mind, body, and voice in it. Maybe sometime, it's...

**4** It's no place for a joke, but---I don't believe in joking from the pulpit---but Brother Bosworth was telling me one time, and many of you knew Fred Bosworth, a saintly godly person. He said there was a colored lady one time asked her minister husband, she said, "Honey," said, "what did you holler so much for this morning when you was preaching?" He said, "Well, I tell you what it was, honey." Said, "All I didn't have in lightning I had to make up in thunder." So maybe that's just about the way it goes with me a lot of times. But just so the thunder's coming off the right thing, is the main thing. That's what counts. We're fixing to read His Word now, and try to get just as many into the prayer line tonight as possible. We are here for one purpose: to help you. That's why these people come together. I met Brother Wagner today on the street, and his lovely wife. And I was telling him about one of the outstanding things in this area here is the fellowship. I just love that. I've had places where there'd be bigger crowds and so forth, but I've never had a place that had any more fellowship. Just looks like everything's just one accord; it just... I trust, my brethren, never let that leave you. Keep that, whatever you do. Stay right in that fellowship. I'm strictly a Kentuckian. And anyone... Any more Kentuckians here from Kentucky? Well, you know what the old slogan is: "Together we stand, and divided we will fall." And that's right. So let's stay together. We got things in common, and that's the Lord Jesus.

**5** Let us bow our heads now while we speak to Him in a word of prayer. Gracious Father, the Author of life, and the Giver of all good spiritual gifts, forgive us, O Lord, of our sins and our shortcomings. And we just bow our heads towards the dust; there's just something goes through us. We know we're then in the Presence of God. For Jesus has told us, if we'd ask the Father anything using His name, He'd be there to hear and give it. And we know that we're talking directly to You. And we'd ask for mercy. Many times that we do things and say things that's not just right, so we pray that You forgive us of those things. Now, we have assembled tonight, Lord, for no other purpose but to bring glory to Thee, and to speak the Word ... preach the Word of God which blesses Thy people and brings power, and faith, and joy, eternal life to Your children. I pray, Lord, that as I read these words, that You'll send the Holy Spirit, and take the context of the text, and with the text, and place it into the heart of every person here. And may, from that placing of the Holy Spirit of those words, may it grow and never die. And all through the ages that is to come, may it live on, Lord, because it's Your Word. Sink it into my heart in that way. Heal the sick and the afflicted. Give peace to the distressed, for we're living in a distressful time, a perplexity of time, distress between nations. And we ask for mercy, Lord, and for Thy Holy Spirit to guide us and direct us. And we will praise Thee for it, for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**6** To you who take notice to the Scriptures or mark them down, I would like to read from the book of Saint Luke, the eighteenth chapter and thirty-seventh verse. And may the Lord add His blessings to His Word. And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by. And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. We're all acquainted what this Scripture is tonight. He was a beggar asking for mercy. And we're somewhat like him tonight. I think physical blindness is a horrible thing, but spiritual blindness is worse.

```
Luke 18:37 And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

```
**7** Must have been a cold November morning. He was late. He'd had a bad night: dreamed all night long that he could see again. He woke up late, kissed his wife good-bye, and his little girl, and went feeling his way along the street to find the gate entrance. Because he was late... There's many beggars in the land in that day. And there was so many beggars, till the people that could help support them would just have maybe a coin a day to give to a beggar. Many of them was lepers, and blind, and twisted, and... Oh, it was a horrible sight. And the first one the merchant met, or whoever was able to give, why, gave his coin, and that settled it for the rest of the day.

**8** And Bartimaeus was late. And he'd had a ... dreamed all night long that he could see again. And his heart would been thrilled because he could think back of how things looked. He'd been blind for twenty something years. So he was late. And his only hope was to go over to the gate and wait there. Maybe some merchant coming in late might have a coin for him. And that's the way he had to live. And there was no one coming, so he goes over and finds him a rock where the sun is warm from after his bare feet had left the cobblestones that led into the great big arch, the gate of the city of Jericho. Some of the old rocks was still laying around from the ruins when it collapsed and fell in the days of Joshua. Morning sun was rising slowly, and the winds were blowing down across the Judean hills. And he was ragged and poor. And he was wondering what he would do for his winter's wood, and for ... to survive through the winter for his family.

**9** And as he sat down on a rock, hooked his rags around him and wrapped up the best he could, and the warm sun begin to shine, he kind of went to dreaming, daydreaming, thinking, "What a dream I had last night. Oh, if it could only be true, that I could see again." And as he sat there, he begin to think of the days when he was able to see. That had been many, many years for Bartimaeus. He remembered as a little boy, how he used to run over the Judean hills there in the early spring, and the little buttercups and flowers of the spring would come up. And he would grab those little flowers and look at them, and how pretty they were. And his eyes would look towards the skies when he'd lay down on the warm sun bathed grass, and look up towards the heavens, and the blue skies, and the white clouds floating by. Oh, what a privilege sight is to a person.

**10** But alas, that was long ago. And how he used to go and run, and heard his mother sit out on the front porch and call his name, sweetly and softly, "Bartimaeus, it's nap time for my little boy." And he would rush up to his mother, as she sat on the front porch, and sang the hymns of the Psalms to him, and tell him Bible stories until he would fall asleep in her arms. How, sitting there now, as an old man, withered, crunched in the cold, he'd think of that pretty Jewish mother, her eyes just as sparkly. How she used to brush the hair back from his little baby forehead, and say, "Oh, you have such pretty little brown eyes, my boy." And he remembered some of the Bible stories then, that she used to tell him. I tell you, the thoughts of a good Christian mother is a treasure to a human heart that's never forgotten. God, give us more mothers that'll take their children, and instead of trying to teach them tap-dancing, and something to ruin and wreck their life, will read the stories of the Bible to them and tell them of the God of heaven and peace. God knows that we need that above all things now for motherhood.

**11** And as he remembered one story in particular, that he loved so well, it was a story his mother used to read him about Elisha, the great prophet. He always liked Elisha, because he was bold, and had lots of faith. And he was an ordained of God a prophet. And his mother'd tell him the story of how there was a Shunammite woman who had a lot of confidence in this prophet, Elisha. And how that she was a rich woman, and she'd support Elisha, to help him. One day she said to her husband, "Let us build just a little chamber on the side of our house. For I perceive that the man who passes this way is a holy man of God. And let us do something for this holy man of God. And how that her husband was agreeable, that they should build him a little resting place for his weary, tired body to lay down. And how little Bartimaeus used to think, "That was so thoughtful of those people, to try to do something for God's servants. And not thinking for a reward, but just to do something."

```
2 Kings 4:8 And it fell on a day, that Elisha passed to Shunem, where was a great woman; and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was, that as oft as he passed by, he turned in thither to eat bread.

2 Kings 4:10 Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall; and let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when he cometh to us, that he shall turn in thither.

```
**12** So one day when Elisha and his friend Gehazi, the servant, passed by, there was a nice little house built ... or, a little room on the side of the house. And it had a bed, and a water jar with fresh water, and a place to ... little table to eat. And how things were just fixed so comfortable for the prophet, until it just blessed him in such a way that the power of the Lord came on him, because of the blessing that the woman had showed and the man to him. And they were Shunammites. So he said to his servant, Gehazi, "Go in and ask this woman..." I just love to come to that. "Go, ask this woman what she desires." Oh, my. "Go, ask her." It must have been... A great anointing must have struck the prophet. And said, "Go, ask her what would she desire. Should I go speak to the king, or to the chief captain?" And she said to Gehazi, she said, "I don't desire anything. We're wealthy people. We have our home, and we have farms and lands, and I abide with my people. So I don't desire anything. I don't want any reward, not even as much as a thank you. The only thing, I just done that in respects of God, the God that you serve. And I know that He's with you. And I'm just paying that my tribute to the God of heaven."

```
2 Kings 4:13 And he said unto him, Say now unto her, Behold, thou hast been careful for us with all this care; what is to be done for thee? wouldest thou be spoken for to the king, or to the captain of the host? And she answered, I dwell among mine own people.

```
**13** And when Gehazi came back with such a message to his master, the prophet... And Gehazi kind of put a little secret in his ear, and said, "You know, she's old, and her husband is old. And they don't have any children. And I believe it would be a blessful thing, while that anointing's on you, if you would just say to her she's going to have a baby." So Elisha said, "Go call her." And she stood in the door, and he said, "Thus saith the Lord, you're going to embrace a child." And after the appropriate time of such things, God gave her a sweet little boy.

```
2 Kings 4:14 And he said, What then is to be done for her? And Gehazi answered, Verily she hath no child, and her husband is old.

2 Kings 4:15 And he said, Call her. And when he had called her, she stood in the door.

2 Kings 4:16 And he said, About this season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace a son. And she said, Nay, my lord, thou man of God, do not lie unto thine handmaid.

2 Kings 4:17 And the woman conceived, and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her, according to the time of life.

```
**14** How little Bartimaeus' eyes would look up to mommy as she told of the power of God who could give that barren woman a child. I just imagine that little Jewish mother put emphasis on that part, "How that the great Jehovah God, that gave that woman that sweet little boy to love, gave you to me, Bartimaeus." Oh, that's the way to teach them. "He gave me a sweet little boy, and it's you, Bartimaeus." Oh, he'd put his little arms around that loving little mother and kiss her. And then she'd say, "Now, Bartimaeus, you try to go to sleep while I'm telling you the rest of the story." And she'd rock him back and forth in her arms. And here he was now, old and wrinkled, and blind, and miserable, and an outcast to the public and societies, and seemed like no one cared for him. What a miserable place to get in. But remember, there's One who cares. I don't care what condition you're in; there's One who cares. He was watching Bartimaeus.

**15** Then just... He said then, "One day this little boy was out in the field with his papa, just like you go out, Bartimaeus. And you know, he must've got a sunstroke, because it was hot, and it was around noontime, and harvest time too. And so he begin to cry, 'My head, my head.' So he had a servant to take him in to his sweet mother, and she sat him upon her lap. And she tried to do all she could to bathe his little face with cold water, but his breath got shorter and shorter, and finally ceased to breathe. And he straightened his little arms and legs out, and shut his little eyes, and died." And she might have said something like this. "But Bartimaeus, you remember, that woman knowed God. So she took the little boy and put him on the bed that the prophet slept in." What a place to put him. "Laid him upon the prophet's bed. And all was lamenting and going on. And her husband just about wild, and all the neighbors was screaming and crying.

```
2 Kings 4:18 And when the child was grown, it fell on a day, that he went out to his father to the reapers.

2 Kings 4:19 And he said unto his father, My head, my head. And he said to a lad, Carry him to his mother.

2 Kings 4:20 And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon, and then died.

2 Kings 4:21 And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door upon him, and went out.

```
**16** "But she said to the servant, 'Saddle me up a little mule, and you get on one too. And let's go straight to Mount Carmel where the prophet's hid off yonder in a den somewhere, praying. And don't you stop unless I tell you to.'" That's the way. The message is urgent. Don't stop, keep going. Just keep moving. We haven't got time for socials, and picnics, and card parties, and things. The message is urgent. Let's get to God with it, quickly. The world's dying. "And on they rode." And then she'd say, "You know, Elisha looked out of his cave, and he noticed that here come the woman on the mule, and the servant running as hard as he could. And he said, 'Here comes that Shunammite, and God has hid from me her troubles. But I see that she's in trouble.'"

```
2 Kings 4:24 Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.

2 Kings 4:25 So she went and came unto the man of God to mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of God saw her afar off, that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:

2 Kings 4:27 And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.

```
**17** Now, she might've said something like this: "Bartimaeus, you see, God doesn't reveal everything to His prophets. He just reveals what He wants them to know, because here was a woman: Her baby was dead, and God had kept it all a secret from Elisha. He said, 'The Lord has hid it from me.'" So the woman come up and reverent, she bowed down before the prophet and begin to reveal to him that her baby was dead. And he told Gehazi, "Take my staff and go to the baby. If anybody speaks to you, don't speak back. Just go straight and do what I tell you." Now, I think there's where Paul got laying on handkerchiefs on the sick. Now, the prophet knowed that everything that he touched was blessed. He knew that. If he could only get the woman to believe it. And said, "Take my staff and lay it on the child."

```
2 Kings 4:27 And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.

2 Kings 4:28 Then she said, Did I desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?

2 Kings 4:29 Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.

```
**18** But the woman's faith wasn't in the staff; it was in the prophet. And she said, "I will not leave you. I'm determined to stay with you and hold on till I find out why God took my baby." She knew if she ever got to him, that God would reveal it, why He took the baby. I like that determination too. She was determined to hold on to it. When something's wrong and you can't understand, take ahold of God and hold on to Him till something answers. Just don't be: "Well, I prayed last night, and I haven't heard yet. So I guess He doesn't answer no more." Hold on to Him. Just keep holding on. "I will not leave you." Be like Jacob, wrestle all day and night as he did with the angel. "I will not leave you."

```
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

Genesis 32:26 And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

2 Kings 4:30 And the mother of the child said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And he arose, and followed her.

```
**19** And the prophet seen he couldn't get rid of her, so I guess the only thing to do is go with her. So he got his coat, and put it on, and away they went. And when they got to the place, they met Gehazi. And he said, "I put the staff upon the child, but there was no breath or nothing." So what a condition. Everybody screaming. The neighbors crying. And Elisha went in and put everybody out. Then I can see little Bartimaeus' eyes say, "Then what happened, mama?" "Well, the prophet..." "Did he go to fasting and praying?" "No, Bartimaeus, he just walked up and down in the room, back and forth, until the Spirit come on him. And when the Spirit come on the prophet, he laid himself on top of the little boy, his lips to the little boy's lips. And he sneezed seven times, and Jehovah raised that little boy up to life again."

```
2 Kings 4:31 And Gehazi passed on before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child; but there was neither voice, nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him, saying, The child is not awaked.

2 Kings 4:34 And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: and he stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.

2 Kings 4:35 Then he returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes.

```
**20** Oh, Bartimaeus, about that time, a cold breeze came down, and he shivered. "Oh," he thought, "wasn't that wonderful? And just think now that that Elijah and Elisha, his successor, passed within twenty feet of where I'm sitting here, many years ago, arm in arm, going down over them same stones that I walked over this morning. They walked arm in arm right down this road, going down. And he took his coat and opened up Jordan and stepped across. Oh, what if I would've been sitting here then, blind, and miserable, and shivering in the cold, and needy? I would've run out into the street and have stopped them, and said, 'Oh, great prophets of God, pray the Lord that He will give me back my sight.' But alas, it's too late now. The priest tells us that the days of miracles is gone long ago: There's no such a thing as that any more; that was for another age; there can be no supernatural in this day. It's nothing to it. So all those things that once God did, somehow another, He must have went upstairs and went to bed or something. That He just doesn't care for His people. Even lets us run it the best that we can. So there's no more days of miracles." Oh, that was a horrible thing. And he said, "Now, if I would've been here when they come by, I would've had one of those prophets to ask God. I'd have been satisfied. I would've got my sight."

**21** Just then he hear something coming. I can see him as he rises. He listens. He hears the clicking of the little hoofs on the big cobblestones that led into the gate. And he heard the patting of a sandal in front of it, and two men talking. So it must be a rich man. His transportation was by a little mule. The poor had to walk. But this man could afford a burro. So he was... He run out quick, and he said, "Oh, kind sir, I was late this morning getting to my begging place. And I do not have a coin, and I've got a family to feed. Would you be so kind as to give me a coin?" Then a real rough voice spoke out, said, "I am the servant of the Lord. I'm on my way to Jericho. There is some fanaticism going to start up this morning, and I'm the head of the ministerial association down there. And we will not have any of these here so-called prophets in our fine country. So we're down... I'm on my way. I'm on the Lord's business. So out of my way, beggar. I must be on my way."

**22** And the poor beggar gathered up his rags again, and he fumbled around till he found his rock. But it was... Then the sun was shining across, had reflected a shadow. The sun had rose a little higher, was turning around. So he goes out a little farther. We can see him feeling until he found a large stone again. And he sat down and leaned back against the stone near the wall, where the sun had come around and give light on that side and warmth. It was awful cold that morning, so he pulled up his clothes around his shoulders again. And he begin to dream again. And he begin to think, "That other story that I liked so well that mother used to tell me, was just about five hundred yards from here, when Joshua, the great warrior, the servant of the Lord, the mighty one who succeeded Moses, the great general, stood on the banks just across. Oh, how I remember looking at the place when I was a little boy, sitting upon the hills here when mama was rocking me, and she'd point her beautiful hand." "And right yonder, Joshua stood, and the Jordan rolled back. And our people come over across the sea ... or, across the waters on dry land in the month of April, when the storms had been up in the mountains of Judea, and all the bottoms are flooded with water. And the great muddy waters rolled. And God rolled them back. And they stayed there until two and a half million people crossed over." Amen.

**23** Some of these days, I got to come down to my Jordan. You've got to come to your Jordan. Oh, I want Him to stay the muddy dirty waters of death, walk across on the wings of the Holy Spirit. Amen. He will send the morning star to light up the way. "Just across the hill yonder, Bartimaeus, is where that happened. And then when Israel had passed over, the fear was upon Jericho, until the gates were all shut up. And they camped and put the ark of the Lord exactly in its place. And then they waited on the Lord." That's a good thing to do. Move just as far as God lets you move, and then wait on the Lord. 'They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength."

```
Isaiah 40:31 But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.

```
**24** And they fixed everything in preparation, and then waited. One day, the great mighty warrior, Joshua, the general, was walking out over against the walls one day, looking around. And he looked. Standing on a little hill, there stood a mighty looking Man with His sword out of the sheath, and up in His hands, and glistening in the sunlight. Joshua, being a warrior, jerked his own sword from the sheath and started to meet Him. He said, "Who are You! Are You for us, or are You for our enemy?" Then the voice come back from the stranger; He said, "I am the captain of the host of the Lord. I am the Lord's captain over His host." The mighty Joshua threw his sword to the ground and jerked off his helmet, and fell on the ground with his hands in his face, and worshipped the Lord.

```
Joshua 5:13 And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?

Joshua 5:14 And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my lord unto his servant?

```
**25** "Oh," said blind Bartimaeus, "I only wished I could've lived in those days. What if I'd have been standing right here then? And I'm an Israelite. I'm an heir of all those blessings. All those things belong to me. And if I'd have been standing here, I'd have spoke to the Lord's captain, and He would've give me back my sight. And I would've went out and made an honest good living for my family. But alas, those days are gone. What happened to the captain of the Lord's host?" Little did the blind beggar know that that same captain was a hundred yards from him. It's when we think on Him is when He draws near. When our hearts are stayed on Him, the thoughts of our hearts are constantly upon Him, that's when He draws nigh unto us, when we draw nigh unto Him. He shivered a little. He thought, "Oh, if I could've only seen that captain." But coming right along the street, coming out of the gate, come that same captain, only in another form.

```
James 4:8 Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.

```
**26** And he heard a noise. Usually where that captain is, there is a lot of noise. He heard some noise, and he wondered what it was all about. And just in a few moments, the whole place was covered, completely covered with people. And he begin to hear all kinds of voices. One saying, "Hosanna to the King of David, the Son of David." Others screaming, "Away with that fanatic. He isn't nothing but a fake healer. He's a devil. He's possessed with Beelzebub. And there's nothing to Him. He's nothing but a false teacher. Away with Him." And poor blind Bartimaeus begin to wonder, "What's all this about?"

**27** Then he heard that priest that had spoke to him a few hours before, saying, "Say, you Galilean so-called prophet, if you raise the dead like you said you did, raised Lazarus from the grave, we've got a whole graveyard full of them up here on the hill. Let's see you come raise some of them." You know, that devil isn't dead yet either. He still lives. That's right. "Let us see you do something." Jesus never even paid any attention to him. And if He didn't then, neither does His people today. Let him holler his head off; we don't care. We walk in the Spirit of the Lord.

**28** They were hitting with overripe fruit, making fun of Him. And others screaming, crying, and shouting. And it was a mixed multitude. And wherever you find Jesus, you find that same thing. The Gospel attracts a mixed multitude: three different classes of people: a believer, an unbeliever, and a make-believer. That's usually what's in the multitudes. And there they was, all of them, just a carrying on. And he raised up; he said, "Who is this?" And someone said, "Shut up! I will have the priest to throw you out of the synagogue. Sit down!" "I'd like to know," he said, "who this man is that's got all this emotion stirred up." And he could not get no one to listen to him. And he heard the snarls of the priest again. And some woman was going to have a fake washing His feet, and all so forth, making fun of Him, just like they do today, the same thing.

**29** You know, God takes His man, but never His Spirit. The devil takes his, but never the spirit. The same spirit lives on among the people. That is true. God took Elijah, but the Spirit come upon Elisha. God took Elisha; it come on John the Baptist. Them Spirits does not die. And He took His Son, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost come on the church. Amen. Those critical spirits of those unbelieving priests still live today among the people: religious spirits, criticizing, making fun. But as Jesus was at that day, so is He today: the same yesterday, today, and forever. He goes on about the Father's business. The church of the living God shall prevail. They'll move forward. Jesus had the whole burdens of the world upon Him. He was headed right then for Jerusalem to be made a sin offering for the world. He, being the Son of God, the anointed Messiah, certainly He knowed what was coming a little while ahead of Him. Going on His road right then to die for the sins of those people, and them going on like that to Him. His head was set straight towards Jerusalem. He went marching on. He never listened to their scoffs and carry on. He never paid any attention to that. He moved on.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**30** And all at once, there was a lady stooped down and picked up our old blind beggar friend. And he said, "Thank you, kind miss. You seem to be so kind. I would like to ask you one question, if it is, my dear child. What's all this commotion about? Who is it that passes this way?" Oh, I can hear her say, "It is Jesus of Nazareth, the Prophet of Galilee. Have you not heard of Him?" "No, I haven't." Oh, then comes in his mind... It comes to his remembrance that his mother told him, that someday, the Lord our God, the Lord our God will visit His people. And He will send forth His Son, and that'll be the prophet that Moses spoke of. He will be a God-prophet when He comes. Oh, then his hopes begin to rise. Oh, then he knowed that He'd be a Son of David, to him, being a Jew. He'd be the Son of David. And he knew if He was the prophet, that he could surely touch God through Him. So he cried, and he said, "O Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." And the young lady said, "Oh, sir. I am one of His disciples also." "Oh, then that's the reason you're so kind."

```
Deuteronomy 18:15 The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;

Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

Luke 18:37 And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

```
**31** You know, the disciples of Jesus is kind and considerate, full of love and compassion, trying to help somebody, trying to help somebody to find Jesus. And she said, "Oh, sir, hold on to my arm. I will try to take you to my Master." That's a real Christian: not try to send him back, but try to take him on. And the blind beggar tried to hold her arm, but He was moved so far down the road until it was impossible with the crowds pushing and him blind, and her just a woman, and him helpless. So they couldn't make it. So he begin to scream as loud as he could, "O Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." Now, He could not hear him physically. He had done passed the gate. And all that multitude, some screaming one thing, and others screaming something else. And if you want to hear some real screams, get the Jews upset once, and you can hear some carrying on and some confusion. One saying one thing and one another, making fun of Him...

```
Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

```
**32** But something had happened in Bartimaeus' heart. The story that mother had told him was at the tips of his fingers. And if He's a God-prophet, then He can hear. "O Thou Son of David." He fell on his knees and said, "Have mercy on me." Jesus, in all of His rush to Jerusalem, going to Calvary with the whole sin of the world laying upon Him, something touched Him. He wasn't in too big a hurry. But when that kind of a touch touches Him, He turned, not from hearing his voice, but the same way the woman touched Him that had the blood issue. He turned and looked, and said, "Bring him here. Oh, tonight, with all the millions of worlds, and all the billions of people, and the coming of the Lord at hand, and everything, you can touch Him tonight with the feeling of your infirmities. He's still the same Lord Jesus. He never fails.

```
Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:40 And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**33** "O Thou Son of David." And someone said, the Christian said, "Be of a good cheer, He calleth thee now. Come on. He's bid you to come to Him. Let's see what He will say." And he walks close to Him, and He said, "What would you that I would do for you?" He said, "That I might receive my sight." Now, if he had faith enough to stop Him, faith, the power of faith, to go way out there and touch the border of His garment, as it was with that woman, and stop the Son of God, with all the burdens of the world upon Him, going to be crucified, amongst all that mass of screaming, and crying, and confusion; he had faith enough to be healed. Jesus said to him, "Thy faith has saved thee." Jesus didn't have to tell him, say, "I will heal you." Jesus told him that his faith was sufficient; his faith had made him whole. Amen.

```
Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Mark 10:50 And he, casting away his garment, rose, and came to Jesus.

Mark 10:51 And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:40 And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,

Luke 18:41 Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

```
**34** That's the same tonight: your faith that makes you whole. Have faith in God. Don't doubt Him. Believe that what He said is the truth. Your faith tonight can touch Him just the same as Bartimaeus' faith touched Him. "Thy faith has saved thee." The Greek word sozo means "physical saved," just the same as spiritually saved. "Thy faith has saved thee." Then I can see Him turn. He didn't wait to see if he was going to receive his sight; He knew he would receive his sight. And the crowd went on. And Bartimaeus stands there, looking around, looking for his hand. "He told me that my faith... And I believed that that's the Son of God. He told me my faith would save me."

```
Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

```
**35** I was reading here some time ago an article. It might have been fiction, and it could have been true. It could have come from some of the chronicles. But it said that Bartimaeus was a real poor man, but he was a staunch believer in God. And he used to sit by the gate with two little turtledoves, that would do little tumbles back and forth to attract the tourist's attention. If they didn't have something to attract the attention, they didn't get any coins. That was made so real to me when I was recently in India. Everyone has to have something. They have a pipe that they'll play and the cobra will rise up. Or something, or a little monkey with a stick to play some tricks, or to beat him or something, to do a little something, then to beg, to earn a coin.

**36** Well, Bartimaeus, they say, had two little turtledoves that done little tumbles over each other. And the people thought that was cute, so they would give him a coin. So they said one night... He had a little girl that was about eight years old, and a wife. So his wife got sick. And Bartimaeus went outside, and after the doctor had left and said there's nothing could be done for her. He knowed she was a good woman. So he went out, felt his way along the side of his house, and looked up towards the skies, and said, "O Jehovah, if You'll just let my wife get well, I promise You, tomorrow I will sacrifice my turtledoves to You. I will give my two turtledoves to You for a sacrifice if You'll just let her get well." And as the legend, or whatever it may be, goes on to say, that his wife was well the next morning. He goes and offers the two little turtledoves.

**37** And then, a few weeks after that, that his little girl got sick, and also given up by the doctor. So he didn't have anything to offer the Lord but his lamb. Now, I can't call the name, what they call these dogs that lead the blind: seeing-eye dog. Well, in those days, instead of using a dog, they had a lamb that led the blind. And Bartimaeus had a lamb, because he lived way around the hills of Judea. And the lamb had to lead him down to Jericho, was the only means he had of getting there. And he said to the Lord, "If You'll just let my little girl live, then tomorrow, I will sacrifice my lamb for You." And the next morning, the little girl was well. And he went on his road up to the temple to sacrifice his lamb. And said the priest walked out and said, "Blind Bartimaeus, where goest thou this morning?" And he said, "Priest, I'm coming to the temple to sacrifice my lamb, because my little girl was sick and the doctor said she was going to die. So I've come to sacrifice my lamb as I promised Him." "Oh," he said, "Bartimaeus, you cannot sacrifice that lamb. I will give you some money, and you go to the stalls and buy a lamb and sacrifice to the Lord and keep your vow." "Oh," he said, "but priest, I never promised God a lamb, I promised Him this lamb." That's what we must do. "I promised Him this lamb." "Oh, but," he said, "Bartimaeus, you cannot offer that lamb. That lamb is your eyes." He said, "Oh, priest, if I will keep my promise to God, God will provide a lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes." And on this cold November day, God had provided a Lamb for his blinded eyes.

**38** I want to say tonight, as I was watching that clock yonder, that same Lamb of God is provided for you tonight, my friend. "He was wounded for your transgressions, bruised for your iniquities; the chastisement of your peace was upon Him; and with His stripes you were healed." God's got a Lamb provided tonight for all the sickness that's in here, for all the sin that's in here. It's the same Lamb that took care of Bartimaeus' eyes, is here tonight to take care of yours, my sister in that wheelchair. To you, mother with the baby on your lap; to you others here with TB, and with heart trouble, and with all kinds of afflictions and diseases, God has provided for Himself a Lamb. That Lamb is here to free you.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

```
**39** Will you believe Him? Could you touch Him as He passes by? "Thou Lamb of God, have mercy on me." Then hold on to it. Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, (said Fanny Crosby) Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Thou the stream of all my comfort, More than life to me, Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Or Whom in heaven but Thee?" That's it tonight. The Lamb is provided. If you have a need, look to Jehovah-jireh who provided the Lamb. While we bow our heads just a moment for prayer, would you like to be remembered? Raise up your hands, saying, "O Lamb of God, I raise my hands to You. I have need tonight. Don't pass me, Lamb of God."

**40** Heavenly Father, O Thou Son of David, Thou Jesus of Nazareth, I pray Thee to look down upon this audience and look at those hands. Don't pass them, Lord. They're deeply and sincere. Look upon our nation today, and our people, how they've been so confused and tore up. And there's some hardly knows how to believe, or what to believe. Different teachers has come in saying, "Those things were another age. Oh, the days of miracles is past," and so forth. But O God, while we're speaking about You, draw nigh unto us. Come in the form of the Spirit of the Holy Ghost. Make known to us all Thy blessings, heal the sick, save the lost. We ask it in Jesus' name and for His glory. Amen.

**41** Oh, isn't He wonderful? When I get speaking about Him, it just seems like the inside of my soul just gets like scoured out. Mama used to take our little old dirty shirts when we were little children, and we'd get the collars so dirty. And I don't know whether you did or not; I used to chew on my collar. And mama used to take this old scrub brush. I haven't seen one in years, great big old scrub brush. And she'd get that old homemade soap, and we had to make it out of grease. And she'd rub it on there, and take this scrub brush, and she'd scrub it and scrub it, till it was just as white as it could be. Oh, that's the way talking about Jesus does. It is something like God gets in there with a scrub brush, and just scrubs out all my disappointments, and all my cares, and just makes me feel so clean. Doesn't it do that to you, just cleans us out? His Holy Spirit comes down and sanctifies us, and takes all the unbelief away from us. That's my prayer tonight, that He do that for us.

**42** I cut just a little short tonight on my message, because tomorrow is a breakfast, and we got to go early. And then I wanted to pray for all the sick tonight that had prayer cards. I promised to do it. And I'm afraid I will let it get by. So now while we are... I believe we've got out A, B, C, and D prayer cards. Now, all the people that's holding prayer card A, come over here to the right. All of you that's got prayer card A, no matter what number it is, come over first. (Now, if someone will go down and help down there.) All the people holding prayer card A, get you a line right here. How many is going to pray now for these people? We're expecting God... On this line, I'm going to put everyone in here that I can.

**43** Prayer card B, how many has prayer card B? All with prayer card B, line right up behind A. Prayer card A and B, just line right up. No matter what numbers, just we want to get all the prayer cards lined up. Just come according to your number and according to the letter. Isn't that beautiful? You know, that's what brings the Holy Spirit to me quickly, that "Only Believe." How many knows who wrote it? My friend, Paul Rader. A, B, C, how many has prayer card C now? Now, you stand up. "Only believe," let's sing it softly. Only............... I can just see Him coming down off the mountain. The wind blows; I see His beard move. And here comes the disciples. Remember, they'd been given power to cast out devils, but they were stalled on a epileptic. They couldn't do it.

**44** Now, prayer card A, B, C, now D. Prayer card D, you line up over here. Anybody that has a prayer card in the building, just find your place. Line up. Every prayer card in the building. Now, look around, see if anybody's got a prayer card. May be deaf, you know. Any one of your neighbors holding a prayer card, someone sitting near, why, tell them. Take them over and put them in the line, because that's their place now. This is for the prayer cards as we promised. Then tomorrow night, we can go right back in again to something else. We don't know what the Holy Spirit's going to do.

**45** Just noticed Him, He come down. The disciples, about ten days before there, Jesus said to His disciples, "I give you power to heal the sick, to raise the dead, to cleanse the lepers, to cast out devils," Matthew 10. He sent them out; they come back rejoicing; with that power, they done miracles. Just about ten days later, we find them all defeated on a epileptic case. No doubt they'd screamed, and cried, and shouted, and everything else to get that devil to leave, but he wouldn't do it. So then the father of the boy, he saw Him coming; and he run to Him, and he said, "Lord, be merciful to us." He said, "I brought my boy to Your disciples, and they could not heal him." And Jesus said, "I can, if you believe and all things are possible to them that believe. All things are possible to... If you will believe Me, I can do it." They could do it. He gave them the power. Later, they asked, "Why couldn't we do it?" Did He say...? Now, listen close. Did He say, "I took My power back from you."? No, no. When God gives you anything, that's forever. He didn't take it...

```
Matthew 10:8 Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.

Matthew 17:15 Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is a lunatic, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.

Matthew 17:16 And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.

Matthew 17:19 Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?

Mark 9:18 And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Mark 9:28 And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?

Luke 9:40 And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not.

```
**46** I can show you where God gave the church power to heal the sick; now you show me in the Scriptures where He took it away from the church. Give me the Scripture, the verse. It isn't there. When God does anything, it's eternal, it's forever. When He gives you eternal life, that's forever. "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you're sealed until the day of your redemption." That's right. Now, notice. It's eternal life... Now, notice, the disciples... He said, "It was because of your unbelief, the reason you couldn't cast him out." Is that right? Because you didn't believe, not because you didn't have the power.

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

```
**47** Now, to you Methodist, Lutheran, Baptist, Presbyterians: the reason you don't do these things in your church---it isn't because you don't have the power---it's because you don't believe it. That's all. Just because you don't believe it. If you'd believe it, the same thing would happen. The Pentecostals don't own this altogether. Pentecost is not a denomination. Pentecost is an experience (see); it's an experience. The Lutheran Pentecost, the Baptist Pentecost, the Catholic Pentecost; anyone who receives the Holy Ghost is Pentecost. It's a Pentecostal experience. When you receive the experience of Pentecost, the power's within you. That's right. Now, if you've got faith in what's in you, it'll do anything you ask. Oh, my. Oh, that's it, brethren. That's it. Pentecost is in us. Just don't be afraid. When a Christian gets saved, God gives him a checkbook. And on the checkbook is wrote out, "Anything you have need of, lay it on My account, the Son of God, Jesus Christ." Are you afraid to put your name on it and send it in? Now, don't be afraid. Just anything that He promised, just remember, it's yours.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**48** [Gap in the audio.] ... that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right? Well, if you can call to God, and He's the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, why don't you just send up a little message to Him now? Send up one of those checks, and saying, "Lord, let me touch Your garment. Speak to me like You did the woman at the well." Some of you women do that. Some of you men call like blind Bartimaeus. "Oh, speak, Lord. Turn around and ask me. Speak to me; call me. I will believe You." Can you do that? Would it take all doubt out of your mind? Is there any strangers here was never here before? Raise your hand. Strangers, yes, each night there is. All right.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**49** Jesus didn't heal people; He only healed as God showed Him to heal. How many knows that? Saint John 5:19. "The Son can do nothing but what He sees the Father doing." And then, when He stood before the people, why, He could tell them... The reason they knowed that He was the Son of God, and was the prophet that Moses spoke of, because He was a God-prophet. See, the reason I say "prophet, God-prophet," that don't seem to take too well with you. Maybe I'd better explain it. Jesus was a man. He was just a Man, a virgin born Man. That's right. He was the Son of God. His Father was Jehovah, God Almighty. That's right. And then Jehovah built Him a House, which it was His Son, to represent Himself to the world. And God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. Is that right? That was God in Christ reconciling the world to Himself.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**50** Now, we have the Spirit by measure. He had it without measure. The fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt within the Son of God. Now, Himself, He was a man. But the Spirit that was in Him was God. You're a man, these are men. I'm a man. But the Spirit in us is God. But we have it by measure. Now, if I went out here in the ocean and picked up a spoonful of water. Now, like all the ocean, that's what was in Jesus, the fullness of God. But what's in me and you, is just little spoonfuls. But if you took that spoonful of water to the laboratory and tested it, the same chemicals that was in the spoonful would be what was in the ocean (That's right.), the same kind of chemicals. Is that right? It's the same Holy Ghost then. Amen. And with your spoonful, and my spoonful, and their spoonful, and all of it put together, we can do things for God, if we will just let it flow together. It'll bring the Presence of God. Amen.

```
John 3:34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

2 Corinthians 5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.

```
**51** Now, pray. The woman touched His garment. You touch His garment. Now, I don't aim for this to be a line of discernment. I want the discernment line out here where there's no prayer cards. These here... Someone said, "Brother Branham has a telepathy that reads it off the prayer card." You know better than that, don't you? Sure you do. Now, you don't have any prayer card, do you? Now, let's see what this is. You just talk to the High Priest. Saying, "God, let me be assured tonight. You just let Brother Branham speak to me." See if He speaks to you.

**52** Now, Lord, this is a great thing. I don't say this; only I'm bragging in Christ. That's all my brags, because I want these people... There's strangers in the gates tonight. And maybe this may be the last time we will get to meet each other. But when we come there at the gate that day, I want them to know, Lord, that You're just ready to come to the earth. We believe it. We believe that You promised these things in the last days. They have a right to come and see it, because they are partakers of the same Spirit. Let them come now, Father. And I pray that You'll grant all these things that we've asked. May across this building... You know the people, know their need. Get to someone, Lord, who really needs You just now. And these in the prayer line that's standing here with prayer cards, let them cross then, having faith in God, knowing that the Holy Spirit is upon Your servant, and upon all Your servants here; that they may have faith in the God that is present, even the Son of God, Jesus Christ. Amen.

**53** Now, isn't that a statement to make? Why do I say that? Because God promised it. He keeps His promises. He cannot fail. His promises is always true. Just pray. Has anybody ever seen the picture of the Light, the Angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire? They got it. Scientists has it. Washington has it. Now, the church has got it in reality. They got it on a picture. You've got it in reality. It's here with us. It's leading us just as it led Israel, still leading the church. Jesus said, "I come from God." Do you believe that Jesus was that burning bush that Moses ... was out there? You believe that was Christ? It was the Angel of the covenant, the Logos that went out of God, Christ. When He was on earth, He said, "Before Abraham was, I AM." You know who "I AM" was. He said, "I come from God, and I go to God." Now, if this Angel that's here with us, if He's the same One that was in Christ, the Logos was in Christ; if that's in us, it'll do the same thing that it did when it was in Christ. Is that right?

```
John 8:58 Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.

John 16:28 I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

```
**54** Here. Right here. Can't you see that light? Looky here. Hanging right here, it's right over a colored woman, sitting right here. She's praying about her eyes; she's got trouble with her eye. That's right, isn't it, lady? Raise up to your feet. You were sitting there praying for that, wasn't you? You have your request. Go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. Just have faith. Right back here, a lady sitting there, Spanish-looking, she has a red coat on. She's from Arizona. She has complications. That's right. Mrs. Fernandez... It's correct. You're nervous, have depressed feelings, nervous and tore up. Return home to your home. It's left you. Your faith has made you whole. That you might believe me to be His servant, there's a little Mexican woman sitting by you. She's got something on her arm, like a cast. That really isn't her trouble; it's a domestic trouble what's bothering her. That is right, isn't it, lady? Raise up your hand if that's true. Now, go, and may God give you women the desire of your heart. Amen.

**55** Tell me what they touched. What did they touch? They touched the High Priest. I don't know them. Never seen them in my life. They're total strangers to me. What about you, the white woman sitting here? Got trouble with your head, and a nervous depressed feeling. That's right. You, sitting right there... If that's right, raise up to your feet; claim your healing. I don't know you, do I, lady? All right, go home and receive your healing now. That thrilled that little lady sitting next to you so bad. I don't know you, do I, lady? No. Do you believe God can tell me now while we're in contact with the Spirit, like the woman at the well? Do you believe God can tell me what your trouble is? You can? Diabetes. It's true. That's right, isn't it? Stand upon your feet and accept your healing. I don't know you now. But that's what your trouble was. I see you got some more trouble too. That trouble's with a man; that's your husband. He's at home. He has a stroke. He's been operated on also. That's "thus saith the Lord." You believe now? Return home; be made well. Jesus Christ make you well. Do you believe? Somebody else believe.

**56** This man sitting here with the gray suit on, is kind of looking, kind of wondering. What do you think about it, sir? You believe? You don't know what to do, do you? Maybe if I'd tell you: If you'd believe right now, that heart trouble would leave you. What about that? Would you believe it with all your heart? You do believe it now? Raise up your hands then, and get out of that old stoop. Come on. Raise up to your feet and accept your healing, and be made well. Jesus Christ heals you. Amen. What a feeling that is! Amen. God bless you, sir. Go home. See, it just takes a little something to happen to you. What do you think about it? You helped him up there, lady. That was a nice thing to do, sitting next to him there. That's very nice. I appreciate that; so did God. I don't know you, do I? But God does know you, doesn't He? You're in trouble also. Isn't that right? Do you believe God can tell me what your trouble is? With all your heart? Well, you just have complications. The doctor don't even know what to say is the matter with you. You've been in and out of hospitals, and operations, and everything. Isn't that right? Now, if that's true, stand on your feet. If you believe Jesus makes you well now, raise up your hands and say, "Praise the Lord." All right, go home and be well. The hospital days are over for you. Do you believe God?

**57** The lady sitting there shaking her head, right back there, just so thrilled with the praises of God, got a hernia. You believe that God will make you well? Got a little white collar or something another around like that, when you're shaking your head, just like that, like that, praising God, something come over you, didn't it? That's from that light standing right over you now there. Amen. There it is. Believe it; accept it. Go home and believe it, and you'll get well. Amen. Do you love Him? Say, "Praise the Lord." Now, have faith in God. Now, what's a prayer card got to do with it? So when that critic tells you anything like that, you just take your head, and point it towards Calvary, and keep moving on. You touched His garment. He's here, the Son of God. Amen. Now, that makes me so weak; you can see the perspiration on my hand. It's visions.

**58** Now, to you in the prayer line here, let's just pass through. And all you people out there, now you appreciate out there so much. Now, will you help me pray, all you ministers and everybody, help me pray for these people? How many will pledge their prayer to these people? Raise up your hand, pledge their prayers. Now, brethren, remember, not only my prayer, your prayer: your prayer. "The prayer of the faith shall save the sick." All of you pray together while we pray and pass these people down the line here, asking God to bless them and heal them. Now, you pray with me. All you people going to believe now as you pass through? All right, believe with all your heart, you shall receive what you ask for. Now, you're aware that the Holy Spirit's here. But if I stop with each one of you, I'd faint after a few. How many knows that that's Bible? Daniel saw one vision, and it troubled him at his head for many days. Is that right? One woman touched the border of His garment, just like you did, and He said, "I perceive that (what?) virtue (strength) has gone from Me." That was the Son of God. I'm a sinner saved by grace. Why could it be more, because He said, "More than this shall you do, for I go unto My father." It's to fulfill His Word. I'm weak now, so pray with me. You all believe with me. When we come by the Holy Spirit here, know that He's going to do it.

```
Daniel 4:5 I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me.

Daniel 7:15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**59** Let us pray now. Now, sister, you believe God is going to heal you? Lord God, make her well, I pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Come, my brother. All this great ransomed church of God is praying for you. In Jesus' name, I speak this wonderful name over you. May you be healed. Amen. God bless you. Now, sister, it's going to be right now. In the name of Jesus Christ, let her be healed. It's got to happen. In the name of Jesus Christ, let it be. That's the way. You have it, sister. Go on your road rejoicing. In the name of Jesus Christ, let it be, Lord, her healing. Come, my sister. You was a little disappointed recently. It's all over now. Go on; you're healed. In Jesus' name, let it be. Amen. Bless you, sister. Come, my brother. Come as to Him. Lord, in the name of Jesus, let it be, the healing. Come, my brother. God, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be that my brother be healed while this great ransomed church is praying for him. God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be that our sister be healed. Amen.

**60** Come believing, my sister dear. God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be while all this church is praying for her, may not one doubt... May she, as Bartimaeus of old, cry out, "Thou Son of David," in Jesus' name. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be that our sister be made whole. Amen. Dear God, in the name of Jesus Christ, let our brother be made whole. Amen. Dear God our Father, while we are conscious of Your presence, the Spirit of God breathed into the lips of hundreds of people now, let our sister be healed. Amen. Here's a sister come walking on a cane now. Everybody in prayer. Now, believe. Dear God, while I lay hands upon her, representing the prayers of all this church, let her be healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Dear God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be done now. Amen. Dear God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be done. Amen.

**61** Come, my brother. Dear God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let it be done that our brother be healed. Amen. Believe it, my brother. How do you do? That's an awful thing, isn't it, coughing, going on? But Jesus Christ knows your condition, doesn't He? You believe He will make you well? Let it be, Father, in Jesus' name. Amen. Do you believe, my brother? In the name of Jesus Christ, God our Father, let it be to his healing comes now. Amen. How do you do? God our Father, thinking of my own little Sarah at home, I pray that You'll heal the child in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, Thy Son, let it be this hour that our sister will be healed. Amen. God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let our sister be healed. Amen. Come, my brother. God our Father, in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ, let our brother be healed this night. Amen. God our Father, as our sister comes by feeling that anointing upon her, let it be over now, Lord; she will be healed in the name of Jesus.

**62** Come, brother. God our Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let our brother be healed. Amen. God bless you, brother. That could cause you a lot of trouble in your back. Do you believe that God will make you well? That's what causes epilepsy and everything comes from that. Do you believe that? He will make you well. God our Father, I pray that You'll help this boy now, kind of trembling. But believe that You'll make him well in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Just thought maybe that'd help him just a little bit. Now, I didn't mean that any way. But he just needed a little... You understand. God, touch the little boy. I pray that You'll make him well in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. Father, bless the woman in Jesus' name. Amen. God our Father, I pray for our sister, that You'll heal her and make her well in Jesus Christ's name. God our Father, bless this little girl and make her to be well, Father, as this anointed church in the Presence of the Holy Ghost, Christ, God, let it be so now that she will be well. Amen.

**63** Brother Pete, I know you. Dear God, in the name of Jesus Christ, heal my precious brother. I pray that he will be made well from this hour on. Amen. God bless you, brother. God bless you, brother. O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life, Giver of all good gifts, let my brother be healed from this hour on. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Bless you, my brother. Would there be he in the presence of this... See how the Holy Spirit anoints different? Just now, it seems like He's a ... like a "Whhww!" Like a hush, hush. God speaking, doing things. How many believes that every one of those people were healed? I believe with all my heart they were healed.

**64** Would there be a sinner in here would like to walk up and be healed now from his sins? Would you come forward, sinner friend, while we sing one verse of: Down at the cross where my Saviour died, Down there for cleansing I cried; There to my heart was the blood applied, Glory to His name! Will you come and stand here? You that's seeking God, that wants to be saved from your sins, I give you this opportunity. Now, just...

**65** Listen, sinner friend, you who are flusterated, don't know just how you do stand, can't you see that it's the Spirit of God moving among His people? Men can't do these things. It takes God to do these things. And that's Him reflecting Himself through His church. Now, will you come stand here and let us pray for you just a few minute while we sing? And I'm going to pray then for these handkerchiefs that's laying here. All right. Down at the cross where my Saviour died, Down there for cleansing from sin I cried; There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His... (Won't you come? God bless you, sir.) Oh, glory to...... God bless you, sister. God bless you, sister. Come right on up this way. That's right. Come right up. That's fine. God... Glory to His precious name! There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name! Oh, come, to this fountain so rich...... (God bless you, sister, coming there.) Cast thy poor soul at the Saviour's feet; Plunge in to... (Won't you come on now? Rise right up from your seat.) complete; That's good. They're just keep coming. Just keep coming; follow the leading of the Spirit. ............. name! Oh, glory to His name! (Precious name.) Glory to His precious name! Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to.... (God bless you. God bless you, each of you coming.) I am so wondrously saved from sin, Jesus so sweetly a............ That's the way I like to see people come. Just upon conviction, knowing that they're wrong. ......today, and be made complete; Glory to......... That's right, brother, come right on up. That's... Come right on. Come right out of your seats. Come on now. Glory to His name! (That's it, sister. That's the way for Him ... to be healed and get well, now.) ....to His precious name! Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name! Glory... (That's right. Just keep coming. Just keep coming right on up.) Oh, glory to His name! (That precious name.) Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name! Oh, come to this fountain so rich and sweet; Oh, cast thy poor soul (God bless you, sir. God bless you, sister dear.) ... feet; Plunge in today, and be made complete; (God bless you, son.) Glory to His name! Oh, glory to His..... They just keep coming, just keep coming. Come right on to the fountain. There's room, plenty of room for us all now. This lovely Lord Jesus who's here in the power of His resurrection, take all your sins away. ............the blood applied; Glory to His name! Glory to....... Would there be some more come? There's plenty of room at the fountain here, won't you come? Glory to.......

**66** If you've took His name in vain, if you've done evil, despitefully used His grace, won't you come now and repent of it? He's willing to forgive you. "He that will come to Me, I will in no wise cast out." Won't you come, sinner friend? Come. I persuade you in Christ's name, come be reconciled while there's time. God bless this little boy, coming weeping, rubbing his little hands in his eyes. Bless his little heart. You know that the Bible has said, "Out of the mouth of suckling and babes, God gets sincere praise." Won't you come now while we sing once more? Come. Take you place here at the throne, won't you? There's room here for you now. Come, young and old alike, move out tonight. Let's just make this a one hundred percent, not one sinner go out of the building tonight without being saved. There's no reason for it. Here's the precious Holy Spirit, proving Himself that He's God, right among you, and wants to save you.

```
Matthew 21:16 And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

```
**67** If you believe me to be His prophet ... or, His servant... If you believe me to be His servant, His mercy is reaching out tonight with great arms and calling, "Whosoever will, let him come and drink from the fountain of life freely. While we sing it again, won't you come?" Come to this fountain so rich and sweet; (God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. That's good.) .........soul at the Saviour's feet; Oh, plunge in today, and be made... (A little Spanish sister, come right on in here. My brother coming here, come right on in.) .........His name! Glory to... (Is there some more? Would you come right now? Quickly take your place here at the fountain.) Glory to His precious name! There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to.........

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**68** God bless you. That's wonderful. Young people coming... This reckless teen-age... And yet, I'm so glad that we've got young people that's got a heart open for the Holy Spirit yet. I tell you: We've got some fine young people yet left in this world. We sure have. Here comes another, coming down. That's right. I just love it. It just thrills my heart. This does me better than seeing God heal the sick: when He heals the soul, because I know that's eternal; that'll last forever. It's God's truth. Remember, you that's standing here now, you're blessed because that God has spoken to you. God spoke to you. Jesus said these words, "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has everlasting life, and shall never come to the judgment, but has passed from death to life." A few minutes ago, if you'd died out there before the service was over, you'd have been lost. If you die now, just as sure as my God is true, you'll come forth on that day. God promised it. "No man can come to Me," said Jesus, "except My Father draws Him first."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**69** Who was that spoke to you? The Holy Spirit, the same One that knows and discerns the thoughts of the heart, see. He discerns your heart. He never used my lips; He just spoke to your spirit, and you listened to Him. Blessed are you who'll do those things. You listened, come forward. He's here. "And all that comes to Me, I will give them eternal life, and will raise him up at the last day." That's His blessed promise. God bless you, little lady. Just find you a place right in here, honey. That's good. Come on now. Is anyone else would like to come while we're waiting. Anyone, we'd just love to have you come up here and we pray with you. If not, let us bow our heads just for a moment of prayer now. Each of you that's standing here, the heavenly Father has called you. It's His goodness and His mercies to you. You have eternal life now by believing on Him. Now, let's just bow our heads while we give Him a word of thanks.

```
John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**70** Precious Lord, tonight, coming over to the building, I was a little weary. Satan was kind of upsetting me, telling me, "Don't speak of blind Bartimaeus. Those people wouldn't understand that." But then, way down deep in my soul, I could feel Your Spirit saying, "Move on. Just go on." And here tonight there's a ... from the results, here's... And Your coming and Your Presence has brought conviction to the hearts of these people who are standing here. And I just quoted to them Your eternal Word, which has been proven tonight that it is more powerful than all sin. It raised the sinner from their seat and sent them to the altar. It's more powerful than sin. It overcome sin, and sent them up to make a public confession. And our Lord Jesus Christ, said, "He that will confess Me before men, him will I confess before My Father and the holy angels." Here they stand as penitent souls. Father, hear the prayer of Your unprofitable servant. I commit them into Your hands as trophies of this night's service.

```
Matthew 10:32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.

Luke 12:8 Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:

```
**71** I pray, Father, that Your visitation here tonight, in bringing them up, will now sanctify their hearts from all sin, cleanse them from all unrighteousness, take sin out of their life. Even the desire of sin, may it pass from them. And may they also receive the blessed Holy Ghost this night. Tomorrow, to enter upon life anew, to start onto the streets, and the byways, in the schools, wherever they may be tomorrow, at the work, as new creatures in Christ Jesus. Life is shining, their faces lit up with the power of God, knowing that they've passed from death unto life, that they might lead others in work in this great field of Your great economy, Lord. Grant it. Bless them. I commit them into Your hands as trophies of Your Spirit's grace to us tonight, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.

**72** I want you do me one more favor. I want you to go right around here so we can meet you. There's people standing here with little badges on them; they're called "personal workers." We want you to go back here so you can kneel down and thank God for saving you. And then when you do that, I want you to stay there just a few moments and receive the Holy Ghost, and come back out in this building here with the rest of the congregation, shouting His praises and blessings. It's right here for you. Believe me, as God's servant; it's right here for you. As they lead you around... All right. If there's any out there that doesn't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and would like for this to be the night that you receive it, will you come, go with them, and meet us right back here where we will be with you just in a few moments. Would you come right now, those seeking the baptism of the Holy Spirit, that would move right on through, go back here... I want each of these converts tonight to take their place. The ministers will be there in a few minutes. They invite you to their churches where you can have a home to live, to serve God the rest of your days on earth.

**73** Is there any seeking the Holy Ghost tonight would like to be remembered? Raise up your hand, say, "Remember me. Brother Branham, remember me." All right. Now, let us bow our heads while they're moving back, before we ministers and all go back to be with them just in a little bit. We want to bow our heads for prayer for these handkerchiefs. Let everyone be in prayer. Gracious Lord, on this desk, under my right arm and hand, lays a great group of handkerchiefs and little parcels and cloths that's going to the sick and the afflicted. And they are represented here by someone who has laid them up here, who has faith in Thee, who has heard tonight that Elisha sent his staff, and it laid upon the child.

**74** Perhaps where the great Saint Paul, being very fundamental in his doctrine, must have found this place, and the people in his day seen the Holy Spirit moving in him, and knowed that he was the servant of the Lord. And the Bible says that they took from his body handkerchiefs and aprons, and they were sent to the sick and the afflicted, and evil spirits went out of the people, and great healings were done. Now, Lord, we realize that we are not the Saint Paul, but You're still Jesus, the One who healed the sick. We pray that You'll honor these people, Lord, in their prayers, and in their efforts, and in their faith to do such.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**75** We are taught in the Scripture that one day God's children was on the march to a promised land that God had promised them. It was as good land, a healthy land flowing with milk and honey; and the Red Sea got in their way. But God looked down through that Pillar of Fire with angry eyes, and the Red Sea got scared, and it moved back. God's promised covenant children walked on across the Red Sea to the promised land. O Lord God, when these handkerchiefs touch the sick, let the Angel of God look through the blood of Jesus Christ with angry eyes upon the sickness that's holding these people. And when this little token of faith touches their body, may he turn them loose, and may they journey to that good and healthy place where it's written in the Scriptures, "I would above all things, that you prosper in health." Grant it, Lord. I send it ... these cloths in the name of Jesus Christ for this purpose. Amen.

```
3 John 1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

```
**76** I believe that each one of them will be healed. Do you? Do you believe that God answers their prayer? Sure, He does. How many of you know this grand old song? It's one we sing at our tabernacle so much. "Take The Name Of Jesus With You"? Do you know it? Child of sorrow and of woe... Let's all stand to our feet and sing it now. Take the name of Jesus with you, (Who's the song leader here?) Child of sorrow and of woe; God bless you, brother...
