---
Date: 1958-06-25
Title: A Greater than Solomon is here
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: the Southern Pines High School in Southern Pines, North Carolina, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 52 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# A Greater than Solomon is here



**1** Thank you very much. That is awful sweet of all of you. Coming to you, as I've said this morning, tired and wore out, I hardly haven't had a day off since Christmas. And then, I leave for home at three o'clock in the morning, get home and unload my car; about two hours, and take right back to Philadelphia again, to begin there Sunday. So it's just constantly on the move. Now, I know you got... I see you got fans, if you just got the electricity to operate it. So it's very hot, and I will just be as brief as I can on the message and start right into praying for the sick.

**2** There is no way for me to express how I appreciate this visit here to Southern Pines, and our cooperation with Brother Thomas, and all the other cooperating ministers of all the different denominations, and to you people. I certainly appreciate this. It's been four days that quickly went. You got a lovely country, a lovely people. A people is what makes the ... what the country is. I don't care how hot it would get or what, if you got nice people there, it's a nice country. That's what makes it. And it's people that I'm expecting to spend an eternity with. I've been invited out to your homes; I wished I could come. I know each one of you has got the best cook there is in the country, and I'd sure like to come out and have dinner with you, and would enjoy sitting down, and talking to you for several hours. I can't do that, just on these little stays like this.

**3** And then, many people think that I'm an isolationist. I'm not an isolationist, no, but I can't be a servant of Christ and a servant of man at the same time. So I have to keep myself away in prayer, and meditation, in order to be my best at the pulpit. And I'm ashamed that I had to come all worn out. As I told you the other day, I've lost twenty pounds of weight since Christmas; there's my coat, see. And I really can tell it. And not so much physically tired, as it is mentally tired. Just been healing services, most of the time. I cut off two nights of it here, so that we could get just a little bit of rest to make on. And the other one is the Christian Businessmen's Convention. Sunday afternoon is in Philadelphia, at some big tabernacle, seats several thousand people; I'm to have the service there Sunday afternoon. And Monday night at the convention hall, I open the Christian Businessmen's Convention, for the worldwide convention. Pray for me. I really need your prayers, that God will use me and help me to be His servant and your brother in the Word.

**4** Now, Billy said awhile ago, I believe, that when we was coming in, that they taken a love offering for me. That wasn't exactly necessary. I'm sorry even to have to accept it, but I never asked them to do that. I never come for that purpose. I'm a poor man; I need money to live on, and operate, and my operations are small. I've kept my meetings real humble. I was on the field before Brother Roberts. Brother Roberts has come to my meeting. I was in Kansas City, Kansas, and he was in Kansas City, Missouri, in a little ragged tent over there, and just a little handful of people. He come and sat on the sideline one night. I met him back in the hall; we got our pictures together. He said, "Do you think God could hear my prayer for the sick?" I said, "He'd hear anybody's prayer, Mr. Roberts, that'll be sincere."

**5** Mr. Roberts is a smart man: four years of psychology, and a fine education, smart and shrewd. He knows how to handle things. God could use him. And he went forth, and now, he really has a great work across the nations. Now, God wouldn't permit me to do that. First place, I haven't the education. I hardly have any education, and so then, I couldn't do that. I have no psychology; I don't even have a grammar school education---just the seventh grade. So I couldn't do nothing like that, and God knew it. Instead of letting my meetings blast out, and many opportunities has been given me, but yet I feel that God don't want me to do it. Now, how could I come here, and perhaps four nights, and I'd imagine (I don't know), but I'd imagine all of us are poor folks, about a two hundred dollar love offering would be just about sufficient.

**6** How could Oral Roberts stay here for two nights or four nights, with a two hundred dollar love offering? Not because that he wouldn't want to come, but he can't come. He's got himself under such obligations, till it takes him about seven thousand dollars a day to operate, every day in the week. The last I heard was seven thousand, probably more than that now, with his many other stations of television. He couldn't come here. He would love to do it. Oral Roberts is a good man. I know him, and he would come here with all of his heart, but he can't do it. And when you invite him, and he says, "I can't do it; got to be so many hundred churches cooperate." He don't mean that to be indifferent; he's means that he can't do it; he's under such obligation. But you see, I've never let my ministry get like that. It's real small. My obligation's about a hundred dollars a day at my office, home, is about a hundred dollars a day. So therefore, I can go anywhere. And then, if the Lord wants me to preach before a hundred thousand, five hundred thousand, He just puts it on somebody's heart, and they send me. I don't have to worry about no money. Don't need any, so I don't have to worry about it.

**7** See, I had a birthday recently, and I was ... I think I was twenty-five or just a little past it. I was born in 1909; that'd make me a little ... about twenty-five, wouldn't it? Just a little over: forty-nine. So I've been in the ministry, twenty-seven years, and never took up an offering in my life. I pastored the Baptist church for seventeen years, and never received a penny of salary, or took an offering all the time. Worked as a state Game Warden in Indiana, and made my living. Never took an offering in all my life. I remember one night, I usually tell it, especially, when my wife's not along, that I got to the place I couldn't make ends meet. Did you ever get in that place? Sure, we all do. And I said, "Honey, I'm going to take up an offering tonight." She said, "I will go over and watch you do it." And she gets her seat and sits down. Now, not that people wouldn't do it; certainly, they would. They'd give me anything they had. But I was young, and I just had Wednesday and Sunday services, and that's all. I could work, so why not work, and not be an obligation to them. All the money I got, I put right in the church, everything outside of my living.

**8** And so, I went, told the old deacon of the church, I said, "Go, get my hat, Uncle Jim, will you?" We didn't have a collection plate or nothing, never had one in the church. I said, "Go get my hat; I'm going to take an offering." I said, "Folks, I'm at a little hard place, if you've got a few cents that you'd throw into the collection plate, I've got an obligation of about five dollars, and I can't make it." I said, "If you'd help me, I'd appreciate it." And Uncle Jim went to get my hat. There was a little old woman used to sit in front of me; she had on one of those aprons that had the pocket on the inside. Did you ever see one? Sure, you southern mothers. My old grandmother used to pack a little old cane pipe in there; she'd get down and put it in her pocket like that. How many's ever seen one of those little old ... I believe it was chalk, or something or other, pipe was made out of, and had a long cane, the old grandmas used to smoke? Mine did. She wouldn't want none of the men to see her smoke, so she'd hide it in that underneath pocket, where she'd carried her tobacco. She'd hold it under there, and talk to the men like that, and that old pipe look like it'd burn her finger up. And so she would...

**9** And this little old woman had one of those little aprons, and she reached down there, and got one of those little old pocketbooks that snaps on the top, begin to reach down there for a few nickels. Brother, I couldn't have took that. Why, that'd have haunted me all my life. "Oh," I said, "I was just teasing you; I didn't mean that." The old fellow, standing there with the hat in his hand, he said, "What must I do, Brother Branham?" I said, "I was just teasing to see what you'd do. Hang up my hat." And there was an old man, used to ride a bicycle, from Dowagiac, Michigan, by the name of Ryan---old Brother Ryan. If I'd ask tonight, perhaps many of you knew him---good friend of mine. He rode an old bicycle down there. And I used to say it backslid, but it didn't backslide, it was wore out. And he left it for me, and I went up to the ten-cent store, and got two cans of paint, and painted it two different colors, and put a sign on it, "For sale for five dollars," sold the old bicycle, didn't have to take up an offering after all. That's the closest I ever come to taking an offering in my life. So when you put in a portion of your living, by God's help and His grace, I promise you, the best of my knowledge, it'll go for the kingdom of God. Everything...

**10** I've got three children, wife, widowed mother, mother-in-law that's a widow, great obligations, the office and so forth. I send out thousands of prayer cloths a week, around the world, and we have ten different offices, in ten foreign nations that operates through this one little place. And then, people, if they didn't send in offerings to me, out of the mail, I would to have to fold up, right then; that's all. Because I just couldn't make it, because my obligation's a hundred dollars a day, and I... In the last year, I spent the last six months, constantly on the field; each campaign has put me back two or three hundred dollars behind, each time, on the campaign. So you see what I mean.

**11** And anyone knows, and we have books there, but I buy those books at forty cents less; I buy them from Gordon Lindsay. And I buy those pictures; they're copyrighted by the Douglas Studios of Houston, Texas. I have to buy all those things, and I sell them just so that... Why, I lose on each batch of them. First thing, there's a lot of them messed up when I get them; next thing you have to pay for somebody to sell them. The next thing, I give a lot of them away; if anybody wants them and haven't got money to pay for them, take them anyhow, see. So we don't... We're not here for money; we're here to try to help make life a little easier for you, through the kingdom of God. Now, God knows; that's my heart. Let that always be my objective and my motive. Thank you kindly. God bless you.

**12** And if I never see you again this side of the great river, on the other side where the breezes will be blowing cool, down by the evergreen trees, I will be waiting for you, just across the river, on the other side. The ministry, that I now testify to you to be the truth, that same testimony will be on my lips, when I meet there. It's amazing grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see.

**13** I wish to read just a little Scripture. Was going to preach tonight, and made an announcement that I was going to preach on the overcoming faith. But hot like this, I wouldn't have time. I'm going to take just a little text from something else, and preach from it.

**14** First, these handkerchiefs are laying here to be prayed over. There's been a number of them; I've tried to catch it each night. If they're not here, you don't have your handkerchief here, and you want one that I've prayed over, just send to my office: Jeffersonville, Indiana. I will send you one free, post paid, there's no obligation to it at all. And I don't want your mailing list, because I have no radio, television programs, nothing else. I have a hard time paying secretaries to answer. Might be a little delay, but we will get it by and by. But now listen, you'll get a letter, where there's a routine letter, around the world, where a half a million people are praying at the same time. Some people gets up at two o'clock in the morning, foreign fields, to pray, make that three o'clock chain here of prayer around the world, everyone praying for each other. And miracles, thousands of times more than happens in the meetings... Sure, I reach a bigger audience. But now, when you get that little piece of cloth, that isn't made up by a secretary. I prayed over that myself. Now, many of you think, and do say in your letters, "Brother Branham, anoint this handkerchief for me." Well, I know, you Nazarenes, and many of you believe that, and that's perfectly all right. Whatever God blesses, I'm for it. But if you will notice the Scripture, they never anointed handkerchiefs, they taken from the body of Paul, handkerchiefs and aprons. And the sick and afflicted was healed.

```
Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**15** I believe Paul was a fundamentalist. Don't you believe so? And I don't believe Paul would do that without Scriptural authority. You know where I think he got it? When the Shunammite woman went to Elisha, and he took his staff, and said to Gehazi, "Go, lay it on the child." See, everything that he touched, he knew was blessed, if he could get the woman to believe the same thing, see. Everything that he touched was blessed. He knew that, because the Holy Spirit was on him. And Paul, I said, being a fundamentalist... Here's a little remark. In traveling the world, I found two classes of people. One of them is the fundamentalist; the other is the Pentecostal. The Pentecostal has got a lot of faith, but they don't know who they are. The fundamentalists know who they are, but haven't got no faith with it. It's just like a man that's got money in the bank, and he can't write a check, and the other man can write a check, and hasn't got no money in the bank. If you could ever get them two together, to get a Pentecostal to recognize who he is, or get a fundamental to recognize that all of his fundamental teachings, yet Christ, the letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life. Then you've got it made. So I pray that someday I will see that great uniting together of all the body of Jesus Christ, coming together, as one great big body; then the rapture shall come. Before we open the Scriptures, let us pray.

```
2 Kings 4:29 Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.

2 Corinthians 3:6 Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.

```
**16** Dear God, as silence swept over this building, just then, when I said, "Let us pray," we are all very conscious tonight that there is God in heaven, who knows the secrets of the heart. As Daniel said in his day, "There is a God in heaven." And You know the secret of our hearts, and I would pray tonight, Dear God, that You would reveal to us Your Son in the power of His resurrection, to forgive all of our iniquity, and to heal all of our diseases. Speak through Thy Word, O eternal God, and let the Holy Spirit take it and plant it into the listener's hearts, that there might come forth out of there, a great revival, one of the old-fashioned type, that would sweep from coast to coast, before Jesus comes. Grant it, Lord. Save the lost tonight and heal the sick. For we ask it in Jesus' name, Thy Son. Amen.

```
Daniel 2:28 But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;

```
**17** In the 12th chapter of Saint Matthew's gospel, and the 24th verse, we wish to read for a moment, these words. It's a little text that I've read many times, and spoke on it. And the reason I taken it tonight, is because I could hurry with it, to get to the point that I wish to get to, before prayer for the sick. And while I'm praying and speaking, I want every person in here to have this in your mind: that as soon as prayer begins to go for the sick, every one of you is going to get up and walk out of the building well. Don't have nothing else in your mind. Keep thinking that. "If there be any praise, if there be any virtue, think on these things." You cannot get anything from God with a negative thought. "He that cometh to God, must believe that He is, and a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him." Now, the 42nd verse: And the queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Philippians 4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.

Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

```
**18** Our Lord had just been called by the doctors of His day (that is, the theologians), Beelzebub. And He had been upbraiding the cities that He had just been preaching in, and performing signs and wonders, as we read the other night of what His ministry was in His day, how that He was able to discern the thoughts of the heart by the Spirit of God. And the church people of His day thought He was a mind reader, or a witch doctor of some sort, and called Him an evil spirit. And our Lord said, "If you say that to Me, I will forgive you, but someday the Holy Spirit is coming, then He will do the same work that I do, and then one word against that Holy Spirit doing the same work, will never be forgiven unto a man in this world, nor in the world that is to come." He said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then don't believe Me. But if I do the works of My Father, then believe the works."

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:

Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

```
**19** Now, what is the works of the Father? Now, He plainly declared it, that how He represented His ministry to the people, was by the spiritual people. Now, there is two churches: there's the church natural; there's the church spiritual. And mixing those together, which there's no way to segregate them, as Jesus said, "A sower went forth and he sowed seeds. Some sowed good seed, and a evil man sowed tares. And the husbandman (which was the pastor) said, 'Shall we pull out the tares?' He said, 'You'll root up the wheat with it. Let them grow together.'" So there's no way of separating church natural and church spiritual. But the church spiritual is the elected church, called out and set aside by God alone. And they are the ones that will hear the Word of the Lord. No matter how hard---it seems strange to say it---but some men are predestinated to eternal destruction; the Scripture says so: "Men of old, foreordained to this condemnation, to turn the grace of God into lasciviousness," in the chapter of Jude. So we don't like to think those things, but there's some people who will never be saved, no matter what you do, and they're very religious.

```
Matthew 13:24 Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:

Matthew 13:25 But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.

Matthew 13:26 But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.

Matthew 13:27 So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?

Matthew 13:28 He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?

Matthew 13:29 But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.

Matthew 13:30 Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.

Jude 1:4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**20** And the antichrist spirit is a religious spirit; don't forget that, dear people. And how blessed are your eyes that do see, and hear, and understand; for you cannot understand, unless God reveals it to you. For the whole church is built upon a spiritual revelation of Jesus Christ being the Son of God. Every time you hit it, you hit mixed multitudes, especially when supernatural's done. Moses went out of Egypt with supernatural; a mixed multitude went.

```
Exodus 12:38 And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much cattle.

Matthew 16:16 And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.

Matthew 16:17 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

Matthew 16:18 And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.

```
**21** Luther, many of you Lutheran people, why, history claims it wasn't a mystery how that Martin Luther protested the Catholic church and got by with it, but how he could hold his head above all the fanaticism that followed the revival. And that's what it is today. And you non-Pentecostals, that's what... Let me say this as a Baptist: I know the Pentecostals has a lot of nonsense. They have a lot of flesh and a lot of carrying on, but brother, there is a genuine Holy Spirit among them. That is right. So you Pentecostals that can hold your head into Calvary, and into the Word, and not on sensations, but according to the Word, and still walk before God, blessed are you. You've got the cream of the crop---Spirit and Word.

**22** And Jesus had went about, just as fundamental as those Pharisees claimed to be, and when He done His works, they was expecting it to be something else, but because He could discern the thoughts of their hearts... Like when Peter came, He said, "Your name is Simon, and your father's name is Jonas." When Philip went and found Nathanael, and told him who he had found, why, he couldn't understand it, that the Messiah would come out of Nazareth, out of that kind of a denomination ... or, no denomination at all. He couldn't understand it, and he said, "Come, see for yourself." And when he come, Jesus said, "Behold an Israelite, in whom there is no guile." And he said, "Rabbi, when did You know me? I'm a stranger to you." He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." And Philip said ... or, Nathanael, rather, said, "Thou art the Christ; Thou art the King of Israel." See, the real true, elected recognized that to be God, when the real priests and scribes stood by and said, "That man is a fortuneteller." And anyone knows that fortunetelling's of the devil. So they called the Spirit of God an unclean spirit, and Jesus said, "When the Holy Spirit come and made Hisself manifested, He'd do the same works that He did, and a word against it would be unforgivable." So you see the hour we're living.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 1:42 And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**23** Look at the Samaritan woman. As soon as Jesus told her the secret of her heart, she said, "We're looking for the Messiah to come, and He will tell us those things. But who are You? You must be the prophet." He said, "I'm He that speaks to you." She ran into the city and said, "Come, see a man that told me the things that I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?" And the Samaritans believed Him, because they were an outcast.

```
John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 4:27 And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?

John 4:28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,

John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**24** Now, I would like to say this: Jesus speaking here, said, "Oh, thou Capernaum, thou art exalted into heaven, because you think you have got the best synagogues, all those swell ministers, and everything, and you're very religious. You're so swelled up and so pious, till you are exalted into heaven, but I say unto thee, thou shalt be cast down into hell." Where is Capernaum today? At the bottom of the Dead Sea. Every city that received Jesus, they stand today. Every city that He cursed, is gone today. Sure, He was more than a prophet; He was God manifested in the flesh.

```
Matthew 11:23 And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.

Luke 10:15 And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.

1 Timothy 3:16 And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.

```
**25** And notice, He goes back into the Scriptures, and begin to show (as I wish to in the next fifteen minutes) that all ages, God has always had His people and had the supernatural working in all ages. When God sends a gift to the earth, if that generation receives that gift, then they become a blessed people; and if they turn it down, they become a cursed people, always. Look at the generation in Jesus' day. God sent the greatest Gift that was ever sent to that generation; that's what He said, "There's a greater than Solomon here." And they turned it down, and called Him a fortune-teller. Where are they today? Scattered to the four winds of the world, the temple burnt. See, they turned it down. And Jesus was referring---the chapter ... the verse before this ---of the days of Jonah. He said, "As it was..." They come to Him and said, "We would seek another sign." And He said, "There will be a wicked, and an adulterous generation, that'll seek after a sign, and they will get a sign." I'm off of my text, but I want to get this to you.

```
Matthew 12:38 Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Matthew 12:41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Matthew 16:1 The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven.

Matthew 16:4 A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:32 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

```
**26** Do you believe that we are living in one of those wicked, and adulterous generations? Certainly, we are. As I've said many times, that this nation can never escape the damnation and wrath of God. I'm an American. Many of the Branhams are buried yonder on the fields, blowed up in the wars. And if it was to come tonight to make a choice, America's my country. I love it. But I don't love the sins that it's doing. God loves America, but He hates her sin. And sin is a reproach to any nation, and don't think because our forefathers, at Plymouth Rock, founded this upon the principles that it did, that we escape judgment. Israel was God's own beloved wife, and she paid for her sin. David was a man after God's own heart; he paid for his sin. And we will pay for our sin. If God doesn't judge America for her unrighteousness, as an infinite, holy God, He'd be duty-bound to resurrect Sodom and Gomorrah and apologize for sinking them and burning them up. Certainly, we're bound for judgment. There's no way out of it. So just get ready to escape the damnation of the wrath of God, by fleeing to Jesus Christ.

```
Proverbs 14:34 Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.

Acts 13:22 And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.

```
**27** Now, He referred to Jonah, and I believe that what He told Jonah, He was speaking of this day. Now, He said, "They were seeking a sign, and they would get a sign, the sign of the resurrection. For as Jonah was in the belly of the whale for three days and nights, the Son of man shall be in the heart of the earth for three days and nights. And then, the resurrection would be the sign to a wicked and an adulterous generation." Anyone knows that Scripture has a compound meaning, and history repeats itself. Do you believe Scripture has a compound meaning? All right. Take this one here, just comes in my mind, where in Matthew 3, it said, "Out of Egypt, I've called My Son." Run the reference to that and see if it didn't mean Jacob. Certainly, it did: Jacob, God's son; it meant Jesus, God's Son. It had a compound prophecy, many times has it. And so, I believe that we've come back to a wicked, and an adulterous generation. And this generation has to receive the sign of the resurrection to dovetail with my first night's sermon, of "The Signs That He Did Then." He's never done them since in all the age, until the closing of the Gentile dispensation that we're now living in. And this wicked, and adulterous, and Christ-rejecting generation, has received the sign of the resurrection, the last sign to be given to the church.

```
Hosea 1:11 Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.

Matthew 2:15 And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son.

Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

Luke 11:30 For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.

```
**28** Now, look at Jonah. Many people think that Jonah was a terrible person. Jonah was a prophet of the Lord, walking in all the will of the Lord. You say, "Why did he do what he did?" He never done anything contrary to God's will. You can't, if you're in Christ, do anything contrary, if you're walking humbly, and upright. It may seem like you do, but you don't do it. Nothing happens providential. The footsteps of a righteous man is ordered of the Lord, and all things work together for the good, to them that love Him. How can you take those Scriptures, and compare them with any other, and then break them. The Scriptures cannot be broken. Oh, you say, "He took a ship and went to Tarshish, instead of Nineveh, when God sent him to Nineveh, and he went to Tarshish." Let's just look at it a few minutes, find out. It's the way you look at it. You run over the top of it and say, "Oh, you're a Jonah." I'd like to be one, certainly. He was a man of God.

```
Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

Jonah 1:2 Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me.

Jonah 1:3 But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; and he found a ship going to Tarshish: so he paid the fare thereof, and went down into it, to go with them unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD.

John 10:35 If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;

Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.

```
**29** Notice him, when he went to go to Nineveh, there was no ship, so he took a ship to Tarshish. When he got on the sea, the sea got angry, because the preacher was backslidden. And they tied his feet and hands, and threw him out of the ship. And God had a big fish to swallow him. Now, anyone knows that a fish prowls through the water till it finds its food, then it goes to the bottom of the sea, or the lake, or wherever you're fishing, and puts its little swimmers on the bottom and rests. Feed your goldfish and watch them. They'll go right to the bottom of the bowl, put their little fins down here and rest. Now, this fish, God prepared him, and he prepared a preacher for his dinner. And he went up. And throwed him into the whale's mouth, and he went down to the bottom of the sea---with his hands behind him, tied---his feet tied. I've often wondered, how that people in this day and time, would ever look at their symptoms and read that story. That's what's the matter, that people don't get healed. You go to looking at your symptoms. You can't look at your symptoms and be healed. You've got to look at a promise that God made.

```
Jonah 1:15 So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.

Jonah 1:17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.

```
**30** Here, some time ago, I went to a place where a boy was dying; it's been about ten years ago. An old sainted man come to me, and he said, "Brother Branham, will you go to my son; he's dying with black diphtheria." I said, "Yes, sir, as soon as the service is over, I will go." And I went to the place where the young man was dying, and he'd been unconscious two days. Why, the doctor wouldn't let me go in. He said, "Are you a married man?" I said, "Yes, sir. I have a couple of children." He said, "Well, I can't let you go in there; you'll carry that disease." I said, "Doctor, if I can't trust God for that, I've got no business praying for that boy." And he said, "I can't let you go in." I said, "Let me go in, and then ... give him the communion or something." I said, "Are you Catholic?" He said, "I am." I said, "If a priest come here to give him the last rights, if he was Catholic, would you let him in?" He said, "That's different; the priest hasn't got children." I said, "But I want to ask you something. This is just as sacred to us as that is to you." And I said, "Let me go in." He said, "See to it. It's upon your own hands." I said, "God will." And he dressed me up like a Ku Klux Klan. And I went in there to see this boy, and he was unconscious. A little nurse, standing there (a very lovely, little lady), and I got down on one side. The child was unconscious. And the nurse said, "Mrs..." The lady, said ... I think the lady's here tonight. I want to get through this before I tell her, who she is. And I said... The nurse said to her, said, "You know that your son is dying?" I think the little nurse just said that for my benefit. And I said, "Well, if he is dying, God is a Saviour." And she just kind of turned her little painted-up lips, and looked sideways, and I said, "Let us pray." And the old father and mother got down on one side of the child; I said, "Lord God, the God who made heavens and earth, You said, 'Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe that you receive them.' And it is also written, 'If thou shall say to this mountain, be moved, and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you say shall come to pass, you can have what you say.' That is Your Word, and that's what we're doing, Lord." And I say, "I lay hands upon this boy, and condemn this death in the name of Jesus Christ." Raised up; the old father raised up, wiped the tears out from under his glasses, and he took mother in his arms, he said, "Mother, think of it; isn't it glorious? He's going to live now." The boy just as far gone, just barely breathing. And the nurse said... "Oh, she said, "It's wonderful, Fred, it's wonderful." Said, "He's going to live now. Thank you, Lord."

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Matthew 21:21 Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

Matthew 21:22 And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**31** And the little nurse looked over, didn't know what it was all about, and she said, "Sir, do you understand that the best doctors we got in this country has said that that child will be dead within the next five hours?" She said, "This cardiogram thing for his heart." I don't know nothing about it. She said, "It's went all the way down, and never in medical history, when that ever drops, does it ever come back again." And the old father walked over, put his arms around the little nurse, and he said, "Honey, see, I feel sorry for you. You're looking at that chart, that machine, because that's all you're trained to look at." Said, "You're looking at that machine; I'm looking at a divine promise, that was made by God." The boy is married and got two children now. Miss Bartell, if you're here... All right. There you are. See, that's what makes things real. It depends on what you're looking at.

**32** Jonah, when he was in the belly of the whale, if anybody would have symptoms, Jonah would've had. Well, if he looked this way, it was whale's belly. If he looked back this way, it was a whale's belly. Everywhere he looked, it was whale's belly. He had seaweeds around his neck, laying in vomit in the whale's belly. Why, no wonder, he had a good case of symptoms. He was a lot worse case than what you could have tonight. There's no one here in that condition. But you know what Jonah said? He said, "They're lying vanities. I won't look at anymore whale's belly, but once more, Lord, will I look towards Your holy temple." Amen. Why? He knowed when Solomon dedicated that temple, Solomon prayed a prayer, and he said, "Lord, if Thy people be in trouble anywhere, and will look towards this holy place, and pray, then hear from heaven." And Jonah, if you want to call him backslid, hands behind him, tied, feet tied, on a stormy sea, in the belly of a whale, plumb down at the bottom of the ocean, he refused to look at anything but that temple, because there was a prayer over that temple. If Jonah could look to the temple that was made by man, and have that kind of faith, in those conditions, how much more can we tonight, under any circumstance, look to heaven, where Christ sits at the right hand of God, with His own blood to make intercession upon our confession. Depends on what you're looking at.

```
1 Kings 8:30 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.

Jonah 2:4 Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.

Jonah 2:8 They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

```
**33** You know what God did? He must've put an oxygen tank or something in there. He kept that prophet alive for three days and nights, and took him on a ride, all the way across the ocean to Nineveh. Nineveh was a large city, many thousands of people. They were idol worshippers, and they worshipped gods, and their great god was the god of the sea, the whale. All of them were fishermen. Here they was out there pulling their nets, sinful as the United States is now, and the first thing you know, in come the whale (He was a god to them.), opened up his mouth, stuck out his tongue, and the prophet walked off like a gang plank. There come the god, spitting the prophet out. No wonder... See, God had to do it that way. God knows what He's doing. No wonder they repented at the preaching of Noah ... or, Jonah. Because why? That he was... The whale-god spit him out on the bank. The prophet walked right out of the whale's mouth and begin to preach. Sure they repented. God does things in supernatural ways, His wonders to perform. Certainly.

```
Jonah 2:10 And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.

```
**34** Jesus said, "As Jonah laid in the belly of the whale three days and nights, the Son of man shall be in the heart of the earth three days and nights, when He rises." And in that day, then the wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after signs, that'll be a sign to them. Now, if Jesus is still dead, then He was just a man. But if He's raised tonight, been alive two thousand years, since His death, burial, and resurrection, then the Bible said, "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then if He's the same, He will act the same, do the same: same works, same miracles, same power, same grace. He's the same God, and this Gentile closing age sees it. Then He said, "And the queen of the south shall rise in the day of judgment with this generation and shall condemn it, for she came from the utmost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Solomon."

```
Matthew 12:39 But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:

Matthew 12:40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.

Matthew 12:41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Matthew 16:4 A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.

Luke 11:29 And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**35** Now, in the days of Solomon, God gave Solomon a great gift. It was a gift of discernment. All Israel rallied around that gift. Oh, they thought it was wonderful. And anyone knows that that was the greatest age that Israel ever lived in. Why? They all rallied around the gift. There was a great temple built. No war during Solomon's age (No, sir.). They were afraid of him, because the people were one accord with God. And you know what? The best shelter we have tonight, is not to get a scientist who could create a bomb greater than the cobalt bomb or the hydrogen bomb, but to get some man who can stand with some power, that would shake America back to God again. It'd be the greatest thing that could happen: shake all the people in America, that claims to be Christians, back to the Saviour again, away from their creeds, and away from their little old fancy, fantastic things, and get back to the living God again. That would be the greatest thing could happen: worth more than all the bombs that could be created, the best protection we have.

**36** Notice, and in the days of Solomon, that great gift, everybody rallied around it, and they begin to speak of it, and you know the news of it went to all the world in that day. Everybody coming by, said, "Those people are one accord. Why, they've got a great gift that God sent them." And they all believed that gift. Wouldn't it be wonderful tonight if just the church people in America, that would believe the greatest gift that God ever sent to the world was the Holy Ghost, and would rally around it? If you Methodist would break down your bars, and you Baptist would break down your bars, Presbyterians, and Pentecostals, Nazarenes, Pilgrim Holiness, and all of you would break down your little bars, and let the Holy Ghost come in among all of us, and create a godly, brotherly love, and respect, there'd be a power strike this nation, that newspapers would pack it, and radio, around the world. But they won't do it. Each man has his own tree, and they won't get together.

**37** But they was all in one accord then, and they'd go up before Solomon, and they'd watched that great gift; how they spoke of it, everywhere. And the news, finally, went to the utmost parts of the known world, way down in Sheba. And there was a little queen down there; she was a heathen to begin with, but you know, God's no respect of person: He saves anybody that wants to be saved. Now, watch. When they went down there, the people would come by, every traveler that would pass through Palestine, everyone would come by, would say to somebody, say to the little queen, "Say, I just passed through Palestine; you never seen such in your life. Their God is a great God. He's not a dead God; He's a living God. And He's give a man by the name of Solomon... Well, they even made him their king, and he's got a great power of discernment, that could only come from God." Well, you know, faith cometh by hearing; hearing of the Word of God. So that created a hunger in the little queen's heart. And everyone was talking about it, so she decided she'd go see for herself. That's a good idea. That's a whole lot better than just sitting at home and criticizing. That's a whole lot better than saying, "My denomination is not cooperating with this revival."---a lot better. So she said, "I will go see for myself."

```
1 Kings 10:1 And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.

1 Kings 10:2 And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

2 Chronicles 9:1 And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

Acts 10:34 Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**38** Now, she had a lot to confront, a lot more than you would have. First thing, she was a woman. The next thing, she was a pagan. Now, in order to go, she'd have to get permission from her pagan priest. So she goes over to the archbishop of her church, and she said, "Bishop, I have heard... I brought my pastor along (He don't agree with me.), but I hear that up in Palestine, that they got a God that's given them a great gift, and His great presence, working through a man, is manifesting the presence of a living God." "Ah," the bishop said, "Uhm, uhm, now, Queen, do you know you're a charter member of this congregation? And now, we will not tolerate any such nonsense as that. Now, you know there's no such stuff as that. If there was anything in the sign of the supernatural or something, our god Dagon, and all the rest of them, would have it here, see. So there's nothing to it; it's a bunch of nonsense; it's make up." She said, "But you know, I would like to go see for myself." That's a good idea. Go find out.

**39** Why, I can hear the bishop, and the archbishop, and all of them get together, say, "Now looky here, you may be queen, but remember, if you go to some kind of fanaticism like that, we will excommunicate you from the church, and you won't get the last rites when you die, and you won't be able to be buried in our cemetery out here (Sure.), where your mother was buried, and your papa was buried, all that." She said, "But look, bishop, there's something in my heart, that makes me want to go find out." Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. There's nothing going to stop them. "Oh, she says, "now wait a minute. I will go." And he said, "Now look, if there's any curiosity you have, why don't you go get your prayer book, and come on over to the church, and we will talk it all over."

```
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

```
**40** I can hear her say, "Wait, a minute. My mother come up through this church, my father come up, by brothers and sisters come up, and I've come up for forty years in this church, and all I've heard is a big bunch of creeds: no life at all. If there is such a thing as a living God who can produce a living gift, I want to find it." Oh, my, we need some more queens like that. "All I've known is a bunch of prayers, and a song book, and so forth, and you talking about some great god, but where is he? Is he living? I've never seen a move; mama never seen a move; and grandma never seen a move out of him. So where's he at?" That's what I say today, "If Jesus Christ isn't the same yesterday, today, and forever, where is that God that was once great?"

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**41** What good does it do to give your canary bird (as I said the other night) a lot of vitamins to make strong wings and keep him in a cage? What good does it do to preach a historical God, if He isn't the same God tonight? What good does it do to preach a God of Moses, if He isn't the same God tonight? What good does it do to preach a Christ that healed and performed miracles, if He isn't the same tonight? If He isn't, I want nothing to do with Him. For the Bible said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." If that isn't the truth, then the Bible is a lie. And if it is the truth, then the Bible is right, and there's a living God, not a dead form of creeds and denominations, and little things, and prayer beads, and books to read, and so forth. Mohammed can produce that. Buddha can produce that. Any idol can produce that, and can produce just as much psychology. Let me tell you something, my brother: There's only One that ever lived, and died, and rose again, and remains the same tonight; that's Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, who lives and reigns, and answers every word, and every promise that He said.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**42** I know you think I'm excited; if you felt like I did, you'd be excited too. I know He's real, not because it's in my heart, one reason, yes. Mohammedan says, "He's real, because Mohammed's in my heart." Well, let me see Mohammed do the things that he did when he was a-living. I could show you Jesus does the same thing. Sure, He's the living God. So the queen said, "Now, you can just rub my name off the book. Do whatever you wish to. I'm tired of these old creeds. I going up to find out whether this thing's right or not." And when she got ready to go, she wasn't going bare-handed. She loaded up some camels with gold, and frankincense, and money, and she said, "If it's right, I'm going to support it. If it isn't right, I will bring my money back." That's a good thing. That's right. If you people were a little more sincere about that, and supported something that really had God in it, instead of so many old things that you do support: some million dollar building, where it's nothing but a big morgue somewhere; walk into it and the spiritual thermometer is ninety below zero, somebody say, "Amen," the rest of them would faint. What's the matter? If Christ performed a miracle, you'd get throwed out of the building.

```
1 Kings 10:1 And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.

1 Kings 10:2 And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

2 Chronicles 9:1 And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

```
**43** Puts me in the mind of a funeral house. They take a corpse in there, and then put some more fluid in to be sure he don't come to life. They take you in there, and inject these old things, "The days of miracles is past." "There is no such a thing as divine healing." "The Holy Ghost lived way yonder years ago; there's no such a thing as Pentecost anymore." Brother, that's embalming fluid from hell. Jesus Christ is the same, yesterday, today, and forever. That's right. If He isn't He's just a bunch of creeds. Some people limit God to creeds. We might not be able to walk where Joshua did, to shout down the wall of Jericho. I might not be able to walk like Enoch did, and take a little stroll, and go home with Him without death. But I'd never stand in somebody's way, that did have faith to do it. That's right. I'd pray for them, and thank God for them, instead of criticizing, making fun of them.

```
Genesis 5:24 And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.

Joshua 6:20 So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**44** So the little queen, she had a lot to confront. Now, did you ever measure the distance between Sheba and Palestine? And now, she didn't come in a air-conditioned Cadillac, or some big coach. She come on the back of a camel. And it didn't take her just a hour or two; it taken her three months to come. And some people today won't walk across the street. What'll she do in your generation, when she stands there with this generation? If she come on the back of a camel for three hundred miles, not along a nice pined highway, like we got here, but through a desert to hear a gift... And Jesus said, "She will stand in the day of judgment and condemn that generation." And we got two thousand years of Bible teaching with the same Holy Spirit tonight, doing the same powers, and works, and we won't come across the street, or even ride a mile in a nice air-conditioned car. What will she do to this generation?

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**45** Oh, you have to watch Elvis, Arthur Godfrey, "We Love Suzy," or something like that. Entertain. That's what's the matter with American people: They want entertainment; they don't want the gospel. When you get your preacher, and you go to vote for him in your church, what do you do? You'd get a man that's a little, sissified, Hollywood something, that'll lay out here all night, stretched out on the beach somewhere, and have a little social party, play bingo down in the church basement, soup suppers, and boil up some old tough rooster, sell it for fifty cents a plate, to pay the preacher. If you preach the gospel, he'll lay it down there and make the people pay tithes, you wouldn't have to do such things as that. That's man-made creeds. Then you call that religion. Get up on a Sunday morning, and preach a ten minute sermon; if he goes over ten minutes, the deacon board takes him back, and the next conference they vote him out. Shame on you! What we need tonight is a gospel handled bare-handed, an old-fashioned, God-sent, sky-blue, sin-killing religion, and the Bible Holy Ghost back into the church and in the members. That's right.

**46** That little queen was hungry, and she didn't care what the price was; she come anyhow. She come across the desert. Now notice, the sons of Ishmael was in the desert in those days; they were robbers, and they were by the thousands. What would that little caravan of camels, a little woman with two or three little women sitting with her, four or five eunuchs around, and a little army of about forty or fifty men. Why, them sons of Ishmael, would run right down, and tramp them down, and take the ten of thousands of dollars worth of gold. But there's something about it. When a man wants to find Jesus, really wants to find God, there's nothing stands in his way. There's no preacher, no bishop, no creed, no mama, no papa, no church member, no nothing else can come between you and God. If your heart's a hungering, you'll go anyhow. You'll go.

**47** She said, "I hear, if there's a living God, He honors His people, and He's give a man a gift, and that gift is marvelous, I hear; I'm going anyhow." She started off on her way; she traveled ninety days across that burning Sahara desert on the back of a camel, about two miles an hour, across the desert. But God seen that she arrived safely. He will see the same thing for you, if you really are hungering and thirsting for God, to find out something: if our God still lives, if He still has the same power, is He the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you hunger for it, and see if God don't bring it to you. Here she comes, and finally she arrived at the gate. When she did, she never come just to say, "I will sit five minutes, and if Pastor Solomon says one thing that's contrary to what bishop so-and-so said, I will get right up and walk out." That's the American attitude. "I won't listen one minute." She didn't even know Christianity. She didn't know about Jehovah, but she got the scrolls and begin to study what He was. That's it: Get your Bible, and look into it. "They're the Word of life, they are they that testify of Me," said Jesus. "Search the Scriptures." She come to do so.

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

```
**48** She didn't come just to stay for just one night; "Well, if I don't get prayed for tonight, I won't come back anymore." No, no. She had something on her heart. She camped in the palace yard; she unloaded the camels, set up her tents, and got ready to stay for awhile. That's the way to do it. She said, "I'm going to stay till I'm convinced." What if men and women of America would be that sincere. "I will stay till I'm convinced. I will search the Scriptures, and see if that great God that promised that He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, if He will do the same things today that He did yesterday. I will search the Scriptures. I will not criticize it; I will be sincere; I will search the Scriptures." Do that, and you'll stand on the justified side in the judgment with the queen. But criticize it, and run out, when you don't even know what you're talking about, find where you stand in the day of judgment. God's duty bound to send it; it's up to you to receive it, whether you want it or not. God pokes His religion down nobody's throat. The preacher might do it, but God doesn't.

**49** Notice, when she come up there, she said, "I'm going to stay till it's over. When I'm convinced, all right." Now, the next morning I can see her dressed up in her best clothes, and her little princesses around her, and the eunuchs, and so forth, and they went up to the gate. And they stood there; the great congregation was gathered. She said, "Now, I'm going to see; I've heard that he could discern the thoughts of the mind, a great power of discernment. And there is a God who can produce that. Our gods don't do that. They don't have enough life in them to do it. We just got a bunch of books and creeds that tells us about some god that was. We got some statues and things, but it's lifeless. But that man really is a servant of a God that produce that, then I'm going to be the servant of that God." Good. She walks up and takes her seat ... her position. Pastor Solomon comes out, stands up to the platform, and begins to speak a little while about the great Jehovah, and they brought him a case. And as soon it comes to Solomon, there is a power of discernment that brought the truth out. What do you think that little pagan thought? Say, "I believe I'm already convinced." After while another case comes up. Solomon was just a man, but seeing that there was something in the man, a gift that come from God, that was supernatural. Said, "Well, say, I've watched this two days now, and there hasn't been one mistake. My prayer card will be called after while. Finally, she comes before Solomon, and Solomon, the Bible says, "Makes known to her all the things that she desired." What did she do? She walked right straight out among the people, and she said, "All that I heard was the truth, and more than I heard is the truth." And she made her stand publicly, and she went home with a God in her heart, that was a God of the supernatural. [Gap in the audio.] ... was a God revealed to her through His servant, the secrets of her heart. And Jesus said, "She will stand in the day of judgment," with that Solomon with a little spoonful of the gift of God. And Him with the whole fullness of the Godhead bodily, and calling Him a devil, and a Beelzebub, said, "She will stand in the day of judgment, and condemn this generation." What will she do to this generation? What will she do? What did she say? She said, "Blessed are the men that goes with you, blessed are the people that follow you, for they stand daily to see this great wisdom that God has given you, this great spirit of discernment. Happy are your eunuchs, and happy are your cup bearers, and those who work with you, for they are privileged to stand by your side, and see the discernment of God daily." Jesus said, "She will stand in the day of judgment, and condemn this generation.

```
1 Kings 10:3 And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the king, which he told her not.

1 Kings 10:6 And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:8 Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.

2 Chronicles 9:2 And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.

2 Chronicles 9:5 And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:

2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**50** Wonder... In closing I wish to say this, "Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's obligated. He's still the living God. He isn't dead. He's raised again. I wonder, tonight... I was reading a little story sometime ago about a Danny Greenfield in Central America. He was an evangelist, about seventy-five or one hundred years ago. And he won a lot of souls to Christ, and he dreamed one night that he died. Of course, he went up to heaven. When he got up to the door, there was a... The doorkeeper come out, and said, "Who approaches this holy place?" And he said, "I'm Danny Greenfield, the American evangelist. I've won many souls to our Lord, and I come to take my position and my place in heaven." "Just a minute, sir," said the caretaker. Goes back, "What did you say your name was?" "Daniel Greenfield." Looks it over and says, "There's not one here." "Oh," he said, "you must be wrong, sir." Said, "I preached, and I won souls to Christ." He said, "I'm sorry, sir, your name's not on this book, and you'll have to get away from the gates." "Why," he said, "what can I do?" The Angel said, "The only thing I know to do, you might appeal your case to the great white throne judgment, if you desire to stand there." "Why," he said, "I have no other choice." Said, "All right."

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**51** He said he began to move, and going through space; he was going faster and faster. After while, he come into a presence of a light; he began to slow up, slow up. Finally, he come to a perfect stop. One light wasn't coming from any certain place, but was all around him---right in the center of this light. Said, "What a place to stand." Brother, I hope I never have to stand there. After while a voice said, "Who approaches My throne of justice?" And he said, "I'm Danny Greenfield, the American evangelist; I approach Your throne of judgment, oh, Lord." He said, "They condemned me at the gates, and said my name wasn't on the book, and I appeal my case to Your justice." He said, "All right, Danny Greenfield, I will judge you according to My laws." He said, "Danny Greenfield, did you ever tell a lie in your life?" "Why," said, "I was ready to say, 'Certainly I was an honest man.' But," said, "I remembered then, that there was a lot of things that I had said that wasn't just exactly true." Said, "Yes, Lord, I lied." Said, "Danny Greenfield, did you ever steal in your life?" He said, "I thought, if anything I could answer for, that I'd always been honest." And said, "In the presence of that light, I remembered a lot of little shady deals that I'd pulled."

**52** Brother, that's the way it is tonight. While you're sitting here in church, while you're healthy as you are, you might feel all right, but in the presence of that white throne judgment, there's going to be a lot of things will show up then. You're mortal, looking as a mortal. Don't you never trust your merits at all. He said, "Yes, Lord, I've stole." He said, "Daniel Greenfield, My justice requires perfection. Was you perfect in your life?" He said, "No, Lord, I wasn't perfect." And said, he was listening, and heard that great thunder come forth, "Send him to eternal destruction from My presence." Said, "Seemed like my bones," he said, "was coming apart, listening for that great blast coming from somewhere." And said, "I heard the sweetest voice I ever heard in all my life." Said, "No mother's voice could have been like that." And said, "I turned to look, I saw the sweetest face I ever saw. No mother's face could look like that." Said, "He walked up to me, put His arms around me, and hugged me up close to His side. And He said, 'Father, it is true that Daniel Greenfield wasn't perfect in his life, but,'" said, "'one thing that Daniel Greenfield did do, in his life, he stood for Me. And while he's here, I will stand for him.'" Brother, my church can't stand; my denomination can't stand; my righteousness can't stand, and neither can yours, I want to do like the queen of Sheba, I want to make my stand, tonight, for the Lord Jesus. If you were dying tonight, who would stand for you in that holy place? Think of it, while you bow your heads just a moment.

**53** Before you see one supernatural sign, before Jesus comes to declare Himself any more than the preaching of the Word, how many here tonight would raise up your hand and say, "God, solemnly I raise my hand to say, 'I will stand for You here; You stand for me there. I now, will make my stand, boldly, and claim that You are the same.'" God bless you there, sister. God bless you. You, my brother. You. Yes, just look at the hands. Forty, fifty hands, right here in the two center rows. "I will make my stand, boldly, Lord. I've heard the minister say tonight that You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. You haven't died. They told me about this meeting, that You come in and perform, and show Yourself here among the people, in great signs that You performed in the age of the Jews, when they were rejected, at the end of their generation. They tell me You're performing again. Lord, I've read Your Bible. I know that's right. I know that's Your promise. Before I see it done, I believe what the Word said; I make my stand tonight for You." Raise your hand. On the balconies to my right, God bless you all along there. Balcony to my left, would you raise your hand, say, "This is my hand, Lord; I will make my stand." God bless you, along there. Be sincere; remember, this may be the last opportunity you'll ever have to make a stand. Before day breaks in the morning, the doctor may be at your house, take your pulse, shake his head, and say, "There's nothing can be done; it's a heart attack." You feel them icy veins cooling off, the pulse coming up your sleeve, and you press a dying pillow. "Oh, if I could only get back to that meeting once more, and hear that voice say, 'Raise your hand.'" It may be too late then; why don't you do it now?

**54** Say, "What difference does that make of I...?" God bless you, down through these aisles. I see you. Just keep raising your hand. God sees every one of you. "I will make my stand." When you raise your hand, what does it do? It signifies to God, the depths of your heart cries out for mercy. "As a hart panteth for the water brook, my soul thirsts after Thee, Oh, God." "I now will take my stand, eternal and righteous God. I will do everything that there is within my power to serve You the rest of my days. I will be like the queen of the south; I will make my stand right here by raising my hands in the presence of this audience. I will stand for You." Would there be some more, just before closing, that hasn't raised their hand, and want to be remembered in this prayer. God bless you up there, young lady. Yeah. Teen-age, that's good sister, greatest thing you ever done. God bless you here, sister, dear. Yes, you're just at that changing of life now. God bless you, back there, dad, with your hands up. He sees you. Certainly, He does. "I boldly take my stand now for Jesus in the hour of my death..." God bless you way back in the back, brother; He sees your hand. Certainly, and your name goes on the book, and there's not enough smut in hell to cover it over. That's right. It's wrote by the blood of Jesus Christ. "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath (present tense) eternal life, and shall never come to the condemnation, but has passed from death unto life." Have faith in God.

```
Psalm 42:1 To the chief Musician, Maschil, for the sons of Korah. As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**55** All right, you that raised your hands, be ready for prayer. Now, accept Jesus. Immediately after the healing service, I want to see you up here to give thanks to God. If you really meant it from your heart, when you raised your hand, I will assure you by the promise of God, that your name was put on the Lamb's book of life, and Jesus stands for you. If you meant it, "He that heareth My word and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlasting life (What is everlasting life? Eternal life, the Holy Spirit.), and shall never come into condemnation, but has passed from death unto life. Father, God, You seen their hands. Before one thing has been performed, these people, upon the Word alone, has come and raised their hands, many of them. They've accepted You as their Saviour. Thank you for them, Father; they're the trophies of the message, though come from a nervous person, chopped up, but yet God took it, and planted it into the heart that's... Two or three hundred has raised their hands.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**56** Eternal God, I pray that Your blessings rest upon them. May they have life everlasting just now. Fill them with the Holy Ghost. Never turn them away, Lord, and I know You won't. You said, "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him first. All that comes shall have everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day." And they are given to Jesus as love gifts from His Father. Who can pluck them from the hand? No one. I pray, Father, now, that You'll keep them by Your grace until that great day, which may be tomorrow, that they'll have to stand in the presence of God. No matter what they'd ever done: they could be so true; they could be so loyal; they could dress so descent, act so nice, and join every church, and be lost. Nothing in our hands we bring. There's nothing we could do would merit anything. We just trust in Your grace. And when we do that, then our life is changed and bears fruits of Christ. Grant it, Lord. I present them to You now. Keep them Father, I pray. And if I never shake their hand on this earth, may I be privileged to it at that day, when we cross over the river. For I ask it in, Jesus' name. Amen.

```
John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 10:28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.

John 10:29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.

```
**57** Sorry to have kept you this long. I just get started, and I just don't know... You're such a lovely people. I say this one thing: you southern people, you really have something. I've been to your cities, around the little places, going into your merchants, going into the filling stations, shaking the hands of the people; I've never met a finer people. That's right. Wonderful, good old, southern handshake, and a little, "You all come and see us." That's just as America as hickory smoked ham and sorghum molasses. That's really what I love. Some of the best old hearts that ever beats, is under an old blue shirt, out here in a cotton patch somewhere. You know that. Truly, God bless you, is my prayer.

**58** Now, I never come here as a deceiver; I'd rather be home tonight. I'd rather be at my little old tabernacle, down there, speaking to them, or out somewhere on the bank, fishing. I'd rather be anywhere, than to be here and be a hypocrite or a deceiver. What good would it do all my efforts, and me standing here so tired, I can't hardly see? What good would it do me to stand here and then be a deceiver? "Depart from Me, you worker of iniquity; I didn't even know you," would be my lot. God knows. I don't come for money. It's not popularity; I shun that. What is it? Because that... God, I love Him. He gave me a message to bring to you, and I'm doing it in the best that I know how. You receive it; it's for you. Surely, honest heart, God would reveal that.

```
Psalm 6:8 Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping.

Matthew 7:23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

Luke 13:27 But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity.

```
**59** Now, it's almost impossible to get a prayer line up here, just to say... It wouldn't be right for me to say, "I will take this bunch in here; I will take these first five rows." That wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be right to say I will take them first rows on the front. That wouldn't be right; it'd leave these off. We have to give out prayer cards in order to keep the people lined up. I guess there's seven hundred people here tonight, maybe, and then in seven hundred people, I'd say there's at least five hundred of them that want to be prayed for. You want to see it? Everyone in here that wants prayer from God, raise your hands. I will show you. Everybody, be honest. There you are. I'd say six hundred and ninety-five wants to be prayed for. Now, I can't take all of them, and whose going to be first?

**60** Now, used to, when we'd go to the meeting, we would... [Blank spot in tape.] Brother Boswell told me... [Blank spot in tape.] ... one while we're there. Well, the ones that's in there the first day, he got there. If you wasn't there... If you come in the second day, emergency case or anything else, you didn't get it. You didn't have no card. That wasn't right. So then we said, the next thing we would do, we would give out prayer cards every day---every day give out a new bunch of cards. The ones left from the day before, we'd cancel them off. Anybody that had a prayer card, just throw their old one down, take a new one. Be all right. And we would give them out like that. Then it got so, that if you didn't ... if they got past twenty or twenty-five, "I don't want that one." Throw it down. "It'll never be called, because you don't call over twenty or twenty-five." Sometimes I don't get to two or three. But said, "It'll never be called. No."

**61** So then, we couldn't do that. So then I said, "Well, I will tell you what we will do. We will give the prayer cards out everyday, the same way, cause that's just, and I will take a little kid off the front row, and let them count, and wherever they stop counting, we will start from there." Believe it or not, mama put junior up there, stopped right at her number. We're still dealing with human beings. That wouldn't work. So then, the way we got to doing it, we sent down the prayer cards everyday. The boys... I got three here that can give them out. The three: the two tape boys, Gene and Leo, and Billy. The ministers don't, because if they do, they'd cause hard feelings if they don't get to their minister friends. These are two boys that's with the meeting. They come down before the people and mix them cards all up, every one of them. Give anybody a card that wants; the boy don't know where the line's going to start from. The man don't even know what prayer he's getting when they come out. And so, that way, at night time, I don't know. No one could know anything. When we come, wherever the Lord puts on my mind, I start from there.

**62** Now, I've been criticized, say, "Oral Roberts will pray for five hundred while you're praying for three." That's right. But God's doing... Oral Roberts is doing what God told him to do, and I'm doing what God told me to do, see. I'm not Oral Roberts, and Oral Roberts is not me. We're two servants of Christ, with two different ministries. But to my way... See, laying on of hands (Bear with me, ministers.), it's a Jewish tradition, never was given to the Gentiles. Look, Jairus, said, "Come, lay Your hand on my child, and she will live." That was a Jew. The Roman centurion said, "I'm not even worthy that You come under my roof; just speak the word." There's the Gentile. Jesus turned and said, "I've not seen faith like that in Israel." But we're taught those traditions, "Lay hands on the sick. Lay hands on the sick." Brother Roberts, standing there, and lay hands on the sick, lay hands on the sick. Great percent of them come right back over in my prayer line, want to know what's wrong, see. There you are. Works slow...

```
Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:10 When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

Matthew 9:18 While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 7:9 When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.

```
**63** I want to ask you something. If you went to a doctor's office, and you said, "Doctor, I'm having a persistent headache all the time." and he give you an aspirin and sent you home, that wouldn't be a doctor. He just wants to get you out of his office. A real doctor would diagnose that case, till he found out what's causing those headaches. Then you can't have a cure till you find the cause, where it'll work. Is that right? That's the reason I'm slow; I watch. What if God put a curse on somebody, and I'd come around with a gift and took it off, see. How about... Do you know you can get yourself in trouble with gifts? That's why prophetic messages and prophetic people are very strange and strict. Look at Moses. Do you believe Moses was a prophet? God trusted him. Said, "Go down there and speak to that rock; don't smite it. Speak to it." And Moses went down there, and got angry, and smote the rock. He brought the water, whether it was the will of God or not. Is that right? And that broke the Scriptures. One place in the Scripture I find it broke, Christ had to be smitten twice. The water come all right, but God dealt with Moses. Is that right? How many remembers Elisha? He was a young fellow, went bald-headed early; and when he went down through there, they didn't believe him. They didn't believe Elijah went up. So they begin to tease him, saying, "Old bald-head, old bald-head, why didn't you go up?" Had them little children running out. And Elisha turned around, that prophet, and put a curse on those children in the name of the Lord. And before they got home, two she bears killed forty-two little, innocent children. Now, that ain't the nature of the Holy Spirit. You know that, see. But it was a prophet angered. You have to watch what you're doing.

```
Numbers 20:8 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.

Numbers 20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.

2 Kings 2:23 And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.

2 Kings 2:24 And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.

```
**64** Pentecostal people, let me say this with love: That's the reason you're not getting anywhere, see. You've got gifts. You, Baptists, the same way. The gifts that's in the church, God give the church the power, but He never took it away from the church. I can show you where He give it to the church, you show me where He took it away. You've got the power, but you don't know how to use it. You're not reverent enough. That's the reason you all speaking with tongues; you just use it any way. Irreverent, some be speaking in tongues; others doing this, and just like a Babylon. Don't to that. Put those things in their places. Put all your gifts in there, your teachers, your apostles. Put everything in its place, and then operate in decency and in order. You'll find God is a God of order, and He will bring the thing right up then. That's what made the people afraid of you, because it's the way you've acted with what God give you, see. Reverence those gifts. Just don't make them a little happen, fly by night. Test them. If they're of God, if they prove to be God, then they're God. If they are not, get the thing away from you. You don't want it. Why receive a substitute, when the Pentecostal skies are full of the real. That's what's the trouble...

**65** You know, I'd like to bring a big tent and pitch it here for a little while, right among you good people, and just stay so we can have a afternoon teaching service amongst ministers, and things, and let the churches be set up, you know. I believe the Holy Ghost would help us do it. The Lord bless you. I oughtn't to have got off on that, but anyhow... In our little church, if any man thought he spoke with tongues, somebody thought he did, and somebody had a gift, if them gifts there was no interpreter, they wasn't allowed to speak in the congregation. Find out if that's not the Scripture. They had a place they met; all the gifts, they met together, hours before the church ever come. I was in the study, and when they went in there, if one spoke with tongues, wait, another one give an interpretation. It couldn't be repeating Scripture; God said, "Don't use vain repetitions, like heathens do." He's already wrote that. It must be a direct message to somebody. Then before it can be received then, two or three witnesses, at least three ... two out of three had to witness it was of God, or it wasn't received. If they said, "It's of God." they wrote it down. They signed their name to it. "Thus saith the Lord: tomorrow at two o'clock, tell Brother Jones to move away from that railroad track; there's going to be a wreck out there; his house will be torn up in the wreck." They wrote it down. They thought it was of God. All right.

```
Matthew 6:7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.

1 Corinthians 14:27 If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.

1 Corinthians 14:28 But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.

```
**66** Then after while, maybe a Spirit of prophesy come among them. That wasn't in the main auditorium where sinners and things were sitting; that was in their own room, the gifts operating. Then the first thing you know, some prophecy hit one. Now, there's a lot of difference between a gift of prophesy and a prophet. A gift of prophecy may be on one tonight, never again, on another the next night. It's them nine spiritual gifts that works in the body, but a prophet is born a prophet. All down through the life it's, "Thus saith the Lord." A gift of prophecy has got to be judged. But you never seen anybody stand before Isaiah or Jeremiah to judge them. No. But the Bible said, "If one prophesies, let two or three judge whether it's right or not." See, Satan can slip in there.

```
1 Corinthians 14:29 Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge.

```
**67** And then, these discerners with the spirit of discernment, then it says, "Thus saith the Lord, tonight there'll be a woman coming from a certain place; she will have a green scarf over her head; she will be brought in. She's from Ohio, and have Brother Branham to lay hands on her, but first, before doing that, tell him to tell her that when she was a treasurer in a certain church, she stole money; that's the reason she's paralyzed. 'Make that right.' God will heal her." Discerner raised up and said, "It was of God." The other one said, "It's of God." All right, they put that message down. When it come to the platform, a little buzzer rang from my study; I walked out; here these prophecies was; I give it to the people, right the way it was wrote here, with man with discernment on it. Right. No slip ups. There they was.

**68** Then, that night there come a woman in, she's in a wheelchair, cot or whatever it was, she's brought up there, green scarf, all the congregation's looking for it. There she was. I said, "Lady, you stole money out of the treasury when you was a young..." "That's right, Brother Branham; that's right. God forgive me, I will make it right." "Stand up on your feet, Jesus Christ makes you makes you well." There it was. "Brother Jones, move away. Tomorrow at two o'clock, it's going to happen." All right, he moves away, it happens. Fine, we thank the Lord, go on. But what if it don't happen? Now, there's an evil spirit among them. They don't get that no more till they pray that thing away. I say, "You don't want that spirit on you. You don't want no phony, you don't want no hoax, you want the real Holy Ghost, or don't have any at all. There you are. Put your church in that kind of order, watch what Pentecost rises to, see. That's the way Paul had it done. That's the way it's done in the Scripture. But just not while somebody's speaking, one raise up and speak in tongues, go to make an altar call, another one speaks in tongues, no interpretation. Well, that's... No wonder it's Babylon. You've got something real, and the outside world's a hungering for it, but not the way you're giving it to them. That's right. They long to find God.

**69** I'm a Baptist myself; I deal with Baptists, Presbyterians; they sit there in my office by the dozens. They want it, but it's the way you're presenting it. You get back to the Bible. Do it the way God said, then the whole world will go to hungering to be like you. Amen. Don't get angry with me. I'm your brother; I love you. That's the Word of God. You do that, and find out what happens. There won't be any slip ups; God's right there to vindicate what He says to be true.

**70** Now, there's a hundred prayer cards. Where's the boys? How many... What cards did they give out today? Oh, I'm sorry, I'd... What's say? I---I-1 to a 100? Where did we start? We called from... Where did we start from the other night? One? Let's start from somewhere else then tonight. It's prayer card, "I," like your eye here. "I," let's start from 50. Who has I-50? Raise up your hand. Maybe it's... You sure you give to a 100? Maybe we will start somewhere else then. All right. We will start from... Oh, I'm sorry. All right. Prayer card, I-50, come here. I-51, raise up you hand, if you will. I-51, where are you at? Prayer card, I-51. Look... Somebody look... There's two people here in chairs. Have you got cards? All right. Either one then, you can both use your hands? All right. Fine. See, it might be somebody's deaf, can't hear. Look around at your neighbor's card. I-51. I'm sorry. Well, that's good. Might be a deaf person. All right. Some... Come over here. I-52, raise up your hand. See, this is not an arena now. 52? Thank you, sister. 53? Come right over here, lady. 53? Who has I-53, raise your hand? All right, lady. I-54? 54, raise your hand, please. 55? Come right over on my right side. 55? Who has... Was yours 55, the lady here? 55. 56? Who has I-56? All right, lady. 57? I-57? Raise your hand, quickly. 57? 58, raise your hand quickly, please. 59? [Blank spot in tape.]

**71** "Who touched Me?" Did anybody ever read that story? All right. "Who touched Me?" And Peter rebuked Him; he said, "Don't say, who touched You. Why, Lord, everybody's touching You." He said, "But I perceive that virtue has gone from Me." He got weak. How many knows that virtue means "strength"? Certainly. Strength. "I got weak." And He looked around until He found the woman, told her what her trouble was, and pronounced her healed, said her faith had made her whole. Is that right? Now, does the Bible say that Jesus Christ is the same, yesterday, today, and forever? Hebrews 13:8? Does the Scripture say that He's right now a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? The One that I told you, not at the temple of Solomon, but at the house of God, sitting on the right hand of God, His corporal body, making intercessions on our confession, a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities...? Does the Bible say that in the book of Hebrews? What do you say, preachers? Is that right? Then if He's the same High Priest, He'd have to act the same if He was touched. Is that right? Then how would He act? He'd say the same thing.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**72** Now, if you people here will keep your seats, be reverent, don't stir around, just be reverent, and be real quiet, and just look to God, and say, "Lord, I've read in the Bible, and since Monday night meeting, I've searched that thing over. I see that that's exactly the truth. How many knows that it's the truth? How many's read the Bible, says it's the truth? Jesus promised that this day, that He'd pour out His Spirit again this day, and the prophet said, "As the sun shined in the east, and there'd be a day that wouldn't be day nor night, but in the evening time it would be light." How we went through those Scriptures, and showed how Jesus in the closing of that Jewish age presented Himself like that, and bypassed the Gentiles. They wasn't looking for Him to come. But today, we are looking for Him to come. Are we? All right. Then, if there's... God is called on the scene to act, and the way He acts on, makes His decision the first time, if He's infinite and perfect, every time He's called on the scene, He will have to act the same way, or He acted wrong at first. Is that right? Then at the close of the Gentile age, if we get to go into Glory, just upon our creeds and denominations, and the Israelites ... the Jews was not permitted to do that, and had to accept the sign from Him, that they called a fortune-teller, to condemn them, and the Gentiles get in without that, then He's an unjust God, that acts with one people one way, and another people another way, see. He can't do it. He's got to be God, and He's got to act the same in every case. Now, if He does it, how many will love Him, and receive Him? All right.

```
Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**73** The Spirit of God is upon me, as His humble servant, to minister in the name of His Son, Jesus. The Angel of the Lord, which you see on the picture, is here at this platform, "Thus saith the Lord." And I take every spirit of every person in here, under my control for God's glory. Do as you are told to be done. You shall see the glory of God. Be reverent. All right. Frank, is this the man? All right. Knowingly, there's not a person here that I know, outside of Dr. Vayle, that I can see. All in here is strangers to me. But you look to Christ now. Find out if that Angel of the Lord, that pillar of fire, back there, if that's the same Spirit was on Jesus Christ, it'll produce His life tonight. If it produces any other life besides His, it isn't Him. If it does, every tree is known by the fruit it bears. Then there's a scientific world knows it, and the church knows it. What will you do with it? In the Bible there was a man by the name of Philip, who went and found his friend Nathanael, and brought him to the meeting the first time that Jesus had ever met Nathanael, and He said to him, "You're an Israelite, in whom there's no guile." He said, "When did you know Me, Rabbi?" And He told him where he was, or something was on his heart before he come to the meeting, and he recognized Him to be the Christ.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**74** Would you do the same thing, young man? I don't know you. Are we strangers to one another? [The young man says, "You just spoke to me this morning going to breakfast.] I spoke to you, this morning going to breakfast. All I said was, "How do you do," or something like that? That's the only meeting we've ever had. I have no more idea what you're there for, sir, than nothing in the world. You're just a young man; that's all I know. God knows. I did not discourse with you, or say anything to you, or ask you any questions, or you told me nothing. Is that right? If the Lord will tell me what's your trouble... Now if I said, "You're sick, go lay my hands on you, you go to get well," you could believe that. But then, what if the Lord goes back down in your life, and gets something that you know I know nothing about, then that'll have to be a miracle. Anyone knows a miracle is something cannot be explained. That would be a greater miracle than for this, my brother sitting here, to rise up from the wheelchair and walk tonight, or for sister---greater miracle. Now, if He does, then what does it? Now, here I am. Do you realize where I'm standing, you Christians? Anybody want to walk here and take this place? You're welcome. Take the prayer line, you're welcome. Everyone in that prayer line that knows that I don't know you, raise up your hands, everyone of you in that prayer line. See, everyone. Everyone out in here, that knows I don't know, raise up your hand. Now (See?), no slip up; it has to be God now or I told a lie. But if you stand for Him, He will stand for you, if you're called to do so.

**75** Now, here I am; my hand's to God. We don't believe in swearing, but both of us had our hands up, that we've never met before in life---just a man walked here to the platform. If the Lord God will reveal to me what you are here for... If you're sick, I couldn't heal you, because I have no power to heal you. But if the Lord God would tell me what you're here for, your trouble, like He did the woman at the well, or something like that, would you believe that He loves you, and would want to give you what you desire? All right. That's good. Would the rest of the audience believe it, when you see me and the boy here both, by the side of God's Bible here, with our hands in the air, that we've never met before, no more than he said, "How do you do, this morning." I said, "How do you do?" to him. Now, there has to be something happen. Now, here it is. God's got to speak or I'm a liar, and if He doesn't, then His Word's wrong, because He promised He'd do it. He said, "I am the vine; you are the branches. The works that I do, shall you also." Now, to you out there that hasn't prayer cards, you pray; you say, "Lord, let him turn to me like he did there. I may be a little skeptic, Lord, but forgive me, and let him tell me. I know he don't know me; it'll take all the doubts out of my heart." See if He doesn't do it.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

```
**76** As I say, I've never met you. We were probably born years apart, miles apart, and our first time to have a conversation. But if the God of heaven, whose fed you all your life, that knows you, and He knows me, if He will tell me your trouble, will you believe me to be His prophet ... or, His servant? If the audience can still hear my voice, the young fellow standing several feet from me, but between me and him stands that light. And the young man's aware that's something's going on. What it is, I see he's not standing here for himself; I see a child appear. It's a little girl; she's got polio, and he's standing... God bless you, son. May the Lord God grant you your request is my prayer. Amen. God be with you, son. Do you believe? What is it? The queen of the south come from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon, by a gift, and behold a greater ... not me now), a greater than Solomon is here: the Holy Ghost, the same Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost that was upon Christ working in His church. If that young man would've never believed, it would've never happened.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**77** This woman here, I do not know you, lady. I've never seen you in my life. This is our first time meeting, is it? If it is, would you just raise up your hand? All right. Take Saint John 4, just now, for an example; see if Jesus lives today, if He's raised from the dead. A man and a woman met the first time in life, a Samaritan woman, and a Jewish man. Jesus was sitting at the well; the woman come up to draw water. He asked her for a drink; she said, "It's not customary, segregation." And Jesus went to talking to her, till He found where her trouble was, and He told her where her trouble was. How many ever read the story? And He told her her trouble, said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I have none." "That's right, you got five." And she said, "Sir..." She never called Him a devil. She never called Him a fortune-teller, like the preachers did. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You're a Prophet." She knowed more about God than the preachers did, though she was a prostitute. She said, "I perceive that You're a Prophet. We know when the Messiah cometh, that'll be the sign of the Messiah. The Messiah shall tell us all things." Does the Bible say that? Say, "Amen", if it does. Certainly. Then if that was the sign of the Messiah then, if He's raised from the dead and is a living, it's the sign of Messiah tonight, for He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**78** Now, here's the woman; we're not the same age, first time we've ever met. Never met you in my life; know nothing about you. And if God will reveal the secret in your heart to me, then it'll have to come through some power; be up to you to... If you say it's a devil, then you get his reward; you say it's God, you'll get His reward. I don't know you; God does. I'm just a man. The lady, if the audience can still hear my voice, she seems to be leaving from me; she's very conscious that something's going on. And the woman is suffering with something wrong with her feet. She has a foot trouble. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. How would I know it? Would you say, I guessed it? Let me show you. God grant it, if He will. Be reverent. She's a good person; let me talk to her just a little longer, if we have to cut the line a little, talk to her, so you'll see. I don't know what I told you. Ever what it was was the truth, because it wasn't me speaking; it was Something else speaking. I'd be just like that microphone, a mute; unless something speaks through it, it can't talk. I couldn't say nothing's wrong with you, or about you, not knowing it, unless Something spoke through me. It'd have to be. Do you believe it was God? You do? Thank you. "You shall see greater things than this," Jesus said that to Nathanael. Yes, I see the woman coming back; it's her feet, and they're bad. And she's had one, two, three operations on those feet. That's correct. And by the way, you are a nurse, to begin with. That's right. You have to stand on your feet. That's true. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? I tell you something else; you're a church member; you go to church. And your church, you're a Baptist; that's "thus saith the Lord." If that's right, raise your hand. Go home and be well. Your faith makes you whole. Amen.

```
John 1:50 Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.

```
**79** Do you believe? Just have faith in God. We are strangers to each other, I suppose, lady. Our first time meeting. If the Lord God... Now, something happened, just a minute. I seen a dark shadow pass in the spirit, and it isn't this woman. Now, somebody touched Him. Over in a corner here, epilepsy, you have epilepsy, don't you, lady? Fall out. That was that dark spirit. Don't worry. Do you believe God with all your heart? Go home and they'll leave you. Have faith in God. I want to see, just a minute. Lady, did you have a prayer card? You don't have a prayer card? You didn't have a prayer card. I don't know you, do I? Never knowed you, you never had a prayer card? All right, but your faith... You touched something; what did you touch? Your faith touched the High Priest; He turned around. The devil got excited; that's what happened. Just reject it; when it starts again, just turn it down, walk away; you'll get well.

**80** You lady, you believe me to be His servant? If God will reveal to me what you're here for, will you believe with all your heart? You're suffering, one thing, with something that puts around your arm. A doctor's pumping up... It's high blood pressure. That's right. I see you in a doctor's office. He's pumping the blood up, and he says it's high blood, too high for your age. That's right. Kind of heavy man. Correct. Now, you know I wouldn't know that; I wasn't there with you. But I was just a moment ago; God knows everything that you've done. Now, do you believe? Just a moment, there's something else wrong with the woman too, because I see him do something else. Yes, he's examining you; you got a heart trouble. That's the truth. And you've got a skin trouble, and that skin trouble is odd; it's underneath your arms. That's right. And you've got trouble with your head. Do you believe God knows who you are? Miss Pearl. That's exactly right. Go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. Amen. You know when it happens. Just have faith in God.

**81** Sister, dear, I don't know you. Never seen you in my life, but God knows you. If God will reveal to me what you're here for, will you believe me to be His servant, and will accept it? What you're here for, for me to pray for, is your eyes. Now, someone's going to say, sure she has glasses on; that's the reason he said it. No, it wasn't. Let's find out. You've got nerve trouble too, a bad nervousness. That's right. Eyes and nervousness. Miss Matthews, you can go on your road home and be well. Jesus Christ heals you. That took all the doubt out, didn't it? Amen. Have faith in God; don't doubt. Now, see, I'm getting so weak, the audience is beginning to get blinded out, like to me. Just believe now. Have faith. Now, Jesus, here at the platform, working this way, is just the same Jesus out there. Do you believe it?

**82** The lady sitting right there with that skin disease, skin trouble. You believe the Lord will make you well? You do? All right, you can have your healing. The lady next there has a... Another one across from you, second, has a skin disease too, that's right. Now, if you believe me to be God's prophet, put your hand on the woman in the middle of you; she has diabetes. Put your hand on her, and you can all be well. Do you believe? What did they touch? They touched the High Priest, not me. I don't know them; never saw them in my life. Have faith in God, see. Just believe.

**83** Ever who that was that He called, wherever it was... You say, "How is it done, Brother Branham?" I just watch that light, the way it goes. And the light stands over someone, it breaks, and I watch the vision, what happens. Jesus said, "I do nothing until the Father shows Me first, what to do." Is that right? Saint John... He saw in a vision what to do, or He told something wrong. "Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself but what He sees the Father doing." Then they called Him a fortuneteller, the Spirit of God. What is a fortuneteller? A perverted spirit, it's a devil. Fortunetellers don't preach the gospel, and call to repentance, and pray for the sick, and so forth. It's your faith in God. He's a living God. Just be reverent.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**84** Someone, please. I keep seeing a younger woman than you, but I don't know where she's at. Keeps leaving. Be reverent now. Way back towards the back, I can't tell you how many ... where it's at. It's a man, sitting right here, the light's right over him; he's got a gall bladder trouble. He's praying for it. Way back towards the end. He's praying also for his father-in-law, which is a cripple. Do you believe, sir? Raise your hands, if you believe. If that's the truth, wave your hands like this. You have no prayer card? No. All right. Go home and find it the way you believed it, in the name of the Lord Jesus. What did he touch? What did he do? Ask him. He was praying, and God heard him. If that's right, sir, wave your hand. The man back there that was just healed, wave your hand if that's right, if you was praying, see. No matter where you're at. Have faith in God. Do you believe me to be His servant? You're aware, sister, that something's going on. Standing in the presence of a man wouldn't make you feel that way, because you're a Christian, and this Holy Spirit is so close to you, 'cause your whole face and your being becomes lit up to me. It's moving. See, I'm God's servant; you're God's servant. And God has give me a gift to express to you His love, or the finished work He's done for you, see. You are a Christian, I mean a born-again Christian. All right. You're suffering with an extreme nervous condition. You get mental nervous, and you're worst time is in the evening. You get real weak, and sit down. You hate to see the sun get low, and make streaks in the skies; I see you kind of hiding your face from it. And Satan's been telling you that you are going to loose your mind from it. He's a liar. You're in the presence of Christ. Here's another thing: that you believe me to be His prophet, that you know ... or, His servant... That name stumbles people; I'm not His prophet; I'm just a man, see. But you also, are suffering with pyorrhea of the gums. That's "thus saith the Lord." And you want me to also pray, what's just been praying about, that you're overweight. That's right. And you have a great request on your heart, and a loyal request: you want to be a mother, to embrace a baby in your arms. That's "thus saith the Lord." Go and receive it; I bless thee, my sister, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**85** Have faith in God. Don't you doubt. I don't know you, lady. God does know you, but you believe me to be His servant? Just a minute. You've got female trouble and kidney trouble. You've been sitting there praying for the last few minutes. That's the woman I seen awhile ago, and you're up for an operation for it, but you refused to have it, because you've prayed before you come to the meeting, and said, "Lord God, let me get in that line, and I will be healed." If that's right, raise your hands up to God. All right. Go home and be well; your faith made you well. Do you believe me to be His servant? I don't know you. God does know you, but if He will reveal to me what you're here for, what your trouble is, will you accept it? It's all over the building everywhere; everyone be real reverent. Have faith, don't doubt. Here it goes. The little woman sitting right on the end there, suffering with nervousness, praying in her heart, "God, let him call me." That's right, lady, with your handkerchief up, if that's what you was praying, wave your hand like this. He heard your prayer. The little lady with the white collar on, "Thus saith the Lord," go home, your faith has made you well. I challenge your faith, anywhere, to believe it.

**86** You're here for someone else; that's a child. That's your grandchild, and your grandchild is not here; it's in another state, Georgia. And he's got some kind of a breaking-out, the child has, and it's got something wrong with the muscles. It's a skin disease and the muscles. That's right. And here, that you might know that I be God's prophet: you're fixing to go to the mission fields right away. That's "thus saith the Lord." Go, and God go with you, and believe with all your heart, and receive what you've asked for. Do you believe? Come believing now.

**87** That back trouble left you sitting there, while you was sitting there, sister, just go on your road. The kidneys and things, just go on your road---nervousness. You're healed anyhow. Go believing God. Your heart trouble left you while you were standing here. Go on your road and rejoice. Say, "Thank you, Lord." You're already healed. All right. Come here, lady; you're nervous. By that, it's because you have a stomach trouble, a peptic condition. You can't eat right. Sours on your stomach; get acid on your teeth. That's right. I see you backing away from the table. Coffee upsets you, or anything like that, that's got an acid in it. Go home and eat. Jesus Christ makes you well. Believe with all your heart.

**88** Come. Just a minute. Something happened. Be reverent. What do you think, sir? Do you believe? This man sitting here, you were deeply in prayer about something, and you were believing. I don't know you; far as I know, I've never seen you in my life, but God knows you. If God will tell me what you're praying about, will you believe me to be His prophet ... or, His servant? You got varicose veins. You want God to heal them. If that's right, stand on your feet. Now, will you do something for me, as a brother, will you mind me as God's prophet? Stop smoking; God will heal you. Will you do it? Raise up your hand; promise me you will. Then sit down. Go, get healed. Your heart trouble left while you was standing here. Go on your road, and rejoice, and say, "Thank you, Lord."

**89** Watch this audience here, I want to show you. A great percent of this audience is suffering with the same thing you are: nervous condition. You just go to pieces; you can't hold yourself. That's right. God's real, isn't He? Watch here. Everybody's got nervous ... bothered with nervous trouble, stand up on your feet, just a minute, everywhere. How could you ever call all them, and everyone of them believing it? Just look at there. Stand here just a minute. Just stand on your feet just a minute. I want to show you something from God. I see you trying to get off of something. It's a step. Stepping sideways, arthritis. That's right. Everyone that's bothered with arthritis any way, stand up on your feet. You got a lady's trouble; you've had it for a long time. It's a ovary, abscess; you have a drainage from it. There's many of those out there in the audience. Watch. Every woman suffering with lady's trouble, stand to your feet. Stand right over here just a minute. Nervousness, about ready for a break. Stand right just a minute; the nervous people's already to their feet. Oh mercy, here's a black shadow: cancer. Do you believe God will heal you? You know, that's right, mother. Stand out. Everybody that's bothered with cancer, stand to your feet, anywhere. Now, they're touching me in the back; I know that means that I'm about to fall. You see? So just a minute.

**90** God knows every one of you. I've been just as honest with you as I know how to be. Have I found grace in your sight? Do you believe that I tell the truth, God backs it up to be the truth? If a man says anything, that can be one thing, but if God don't speak that it's the truth, it isn't the truth. But if He speaks it is the truth, then you believe God. Is that right? Now, you do what I tell you to do. Just do as I tell you. If every sick person in here..., see. Look, I couldn't call all those; there's too many of them. Every one of you is believing. And listen, every one of you is healed, if you'll believe it right now. Healing is something that Jesus done for you, nineteen hundred years ago. What about you in the chairs with polio and stuff, and is crippled. Don't think you're not ... you're past curing. Have faith just now. I can't heal you, but your life, you can't hide. Believe God, right now, every one of you, and stand on your feet, believe God, and accept your healing, and God will make every one of you well. If you believe it, stand up, accept it, raise up your hands, say, "Thank you, Lord, for my healing." Here it is, the Holy Ghost moving over the building. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask the devil to leave the building, and every person in Divine Presence may be made completely whole by the stripes, and the power of the Lord Jesus.
