---
Date: 1958-09-28
Title: The Baptism of the Holy Spirit
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours and 4 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Baptism of the Holy Spirit



**1** Certainly very happy to see as many out tonight, after me keeping you till midnight last night. I didn't think you'd all be out today, but looks like you're going to come out to Sunday school, and that's very good.

**2** Now, we're studying and trying to just take our time upon this church doctrine. And I just teach it... Now, there may be some strangers with us that I don't know. I'm not here in the tabernacle enough to know who is members of the church. But I'd announced that this would just be for members of the church, because out ... people has so many different doctrines and so forth. Well, they believe those things, they've been taught to believe them. And then when you come into another church maybe, and teach it something very contrary, well then they think, "Say, I don't agree with that," see. Well, we don't mean to be rude or to hurt anyone. The reason we do this... Now, you believe whatever you wish, but we are ... I'm placing it, and have to make it real strong, because we have to clinch it down. This is what the tabernacle stands for, see, just what we stand for here. And that way, we wouldn't want you to feel offended and think that we were trying to hurt you in your belief or anything like that. That's not at all. And this is a... We go through this about every two or three years around here: what we stand for, just the doctrine what we stand for, and why we do it, why we believe this. And so if there be strangers here who is not a member of the church, we're certainly glad to have you to sit in on this discussion this morning and also tonight.

**3** And then Wednesday there will start a regular campaign in the meeting. I mean, at the tabernacle here. And I've been away for a while on a little rest. I got real, real tired and had to go away to rest a while. And I just got back, and feel fine, feel wonderful. And so I will be leaving again as soon as it's over, and won't be back any more till January. I'm not going in any meetings; I'm just going away, continue the rest that I was on. But when we come in we found the church kind of in a little upset here and there, and some of the members had begin to kind of get a little lukewarm, pull away, holding little enmities against each other and so forth like that. I went around from one to the other till we got this all straightened up. Now it's all right. See?

**4** And there's nothing wrong; there was nothing wrong with any of the members. They're every one fine men and women. If they could just realize that that's the devil gets between the people. That's exactly right. It's not the people. If you can let a brother see that, then he won't hold enmity against the other fellow. He'll feel bad. He'll feel like, "Well, that's ... I feel sorry for my brother. See, if he did do wrong, why, it wasn't the brother; it was the devil that did that." You say, "Well this guy did a certain, certain thing." Your brother didn't do that, your sister didn't do that. That was the devil got into them that did it. So don't blame the brother, the sister; blame the devil. That's the one who caused it.

**5** And so now in these church doctrines, now, they may be very odd to you. They may be that you wouldn't agree with them at all, but we just ... that's what we believe. We believe it because that it's in the Bible; and we teach it that way. Now, last night our subject was "Why Are We Not A Denomination?" Now, we are a organization, because we're a church, but we are not a denomination. And then I was giving the reasons why we are not a denomination. Now, as we open the discussion this morning, before we do so, let us pray.

**6** Dear God, it's into Thy holy presence that we come again to ask the cleansing of our own minds, our souls, that we might present ourselves to Thee as an instrument in which You could work in and through to Your own glory. And Father, cleanse my thoughts and my mind and my speaking, that it might not be me that does the speaking; but the Holy Spirit might anoint the lips of clay that it might bring forth the truths that God Almighty would have His church to know. And we would ask You then, Lord, if You'd do that: that You would move back every demon of trouble and every demon of enmity and malice away from the people, that they might hear the Holy Spirit speak, that God may receive glory out of our gathering together this morning. And if there be one thing in our hearts that's not just exactly in condition where You could speak to us, O God, cast it away from us as far as the east is from the west, for we would know only the will of God to do. So lead us by Thy Holy Spirit in this coming discussion upon church, and its doctrine, and what it should stand for, and why it should stand for thus. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

**7** Now, last evening we were giving the thought of why we was not a organized ... a denomination. And just a little backgrounds for this, is because we find that in a denomination it draws a barrier. Now, we've got many things to discuss. And we discussed it why we did not except women ministers in the church last night. And this morning we want the subject, if possible, "The Baptism Of The Holy Spirit": and why we believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and how the baptism of the Holy Spirit comes, and what it does, and how it makes you act afterwards. And then tonight, if the Lord willing, I want to speak on the subject "The Seed Of The Serpent In This Day." Now, the people don't believe in the seed of the serpent, but it's Scripture. See?

**8** Now, regardless of... Now this ... if I make this real strong, I'm not meaning it now to you dear people. Only thing I'm trying to do is drive it in, and we're going to make it rough. You see? So you got to speak like... You say, "Johnny, go sit down," he might not listen to that. But you say, "Johnny, sit down!"; Johnny will pay more attention to it. Now we're going to holler, "Johnny, sit down" this morning. All right. I want to speak it so that you'll understand what we're meaning. See?

**9** And if we say something that's contrary to your thoughts and your belief, we're not one thing... Remember that in this church, being a inter-denomination, we believe that Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Catholic, Protestant, Jew, whatever he is, as long as he is a brother, he is our brother, that's all---no matter what denomination he belongs to. God will never hold that against him, be in a denomination, but the reason denominations are... Now, here's what starts denominations. God will reveal a little something to somebody, and they'll come and make a denomination around that belief that they have, and then God can't move any farther.

**10** How could the Methodist ever accept anything more than the second work of grace? They denominated themselves under that. How could the Baptists ever believe any more than what the just shall---or the Lutheran, rather---the just shall live by faith. That's what they denominated under. How can the Baptists go any farther than they go?: When you believe you receive the Holy Ghost, and immersed in water, and that settles it. Why, that's what they're denominated under. See? Why is it Pentecost believes that when you speak in tongues you got the Holy Ghost and that settles it? Cause they're denominated under it. Brother, them things may be every one all right, but God isn't bound to any little denomination. He just spreads over the whole thing, that's all. And we believe that.

**11** And that's the reason that we never become a denomination. The Lord has give us the opportunity to merge this little church in many different denominations; but we don't do it, because we want to stay just like this, so it can be under the rulership and headship of Jesus Christ. That's right. Whatever He reveals to us, and we see that it's the truth, and it lines up with His Word all the way back and forth through the Bible that it is the truth, and the Spirit is agreeing on it, we have no denominational barriers to hold us from accepting that. We go right ahead into it and move right on.

**12** And so when the denomination says, like the Church of Christ (they're under denomination, so-called Church of Christ), that days of miracles is passed and all these things like that, why, where would you ever find that in the Scripture? Why, they couldn't do nothing else about it, they're denominated under that. See? So there's nothing you can do about it. But we want to be free, where we can just move as the Spirit moves us; by deeper depth and higher heights, and just keep moving on and on and on and on and on and on, just wherever. But now, we won't accept any fanaticism. We draw a line right there. If somebody gets a little something the Lord's revealed to him, and it doesn't coincide with this Bible plumb through the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, becomes a doctrine, then we will not accept it. See? It's got to come from the Bible. And it can't just come by somebody's revelation. If a revelation is right with the Word, all right.

**13** A man come to me some time ago, and he said, "I just come to the United States, Brother Branham." He said, "And I got acquainted with a Christian sister." And said, "This Christian sister was one of the most lovely women, but," said, "then come to find out that she had three or four husbands. And," said, "that right while I've known her. Since being here three months, she got rid of that one and married another one." And said, "She had the Holy Ghost, spoke in tongues completely all the time, regularly," and said, "gave prophecies and revelations." Said, "She was a real Spirit-filled woman." And she was a lady minister. And said, "I went and I asked the Lord why would such-and-such a thing be, why is it that this woman could do such as this." And said, "I had a dream of my wife. And my wife was having an affair with another man which was immoral. And then," said, "she come and knelt down by my feet and said, 'Will you forgive me for what I've done?'" He said, "'Sure I forgive you.'" And said, "'Why do you forgive me so freely?'" Said, "'Because I love you.'" And said, "The Lord spoke back in the dream and told me that 'That's the reason I forgive her, is because I love her.'" I said, "Sir, your dream was mighty sweet, it was mighty nice, but the Lord never give you that dream. It don't cooperate with His Word." That's right. It won't work with His Word. No matter how real it seems, it's got to come from the Word.

**14** In the Old Testament they had three ways of knowing a message: First, of course, was the law; next was by a prophet; next was by a dreamer. Now, the law was a written oracle that was kept in the ark. And that was the commandments, and the laws on the commandments. And then a prophet could prophesy or a dreamer could dream a dream---which God deals both ways, with prophets and with dreams. "If there be one among you who's spiritual or a prophet, I the Lord will make Myself known to him in dreams, and will reveal Myself to him in visions. And if what he says comes to pass, then hear him, for I'm with him. If it doesn't, then don't hear him." Now, when they took a prophesier, prophet, or a dreamer and he had a dream or a prophecy, and they wanted to find out whether that was the truth or not, they took him up to what was called the Urim Thummim.

```
Numbers 12:6 And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.

Numbers 27:21 And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.

```
**15** Now, I know that may be to some of you a little hard word, but what it was was actually the... Aaron, being the high priest over the twelve tribes of Israel, he had six stones on each side of a breastplate. And each stone was the birthstone of the tribe. Like the tribe of Judah, the tribe of Gad, the tribe of Reuben, tribe of Benjamin, each one had a birthstone. And then when the birthstone... It would be hanging on one of the plates in the church or the pilaster. And then when they brought this prophet who had a prophecy---that he said the Lord was going to do a certain thing---and they brought him before here, and he told his prophecy or he told his dream; now, if God was in that dream or in that prophecy, them lights begin to mingle together and made like a rainbow color reflecting. An answer of supernatural. See? That's right. Agreeing with every stone in there, every stone blending its part together reflecting back with the answer of God, "That man is a prophet; he's telling the truth," or, "That dream was sent by Me." But if it just stayed dormant and didn't move, I don't care how real it seemed, it was wrong. They didn't receive it.

```
Exodus 28:4 And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.

Exodus 28:17 And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall be the first row.

Exodus 28:18 And the second row shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.

Exodus 28:19 And the third row a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.

Exodus 28:20 And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their enclosings.

Exodus 28:21 And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes.

Exodus 39:8 And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.

Exodus 39:9 It was foursquare; they made the breastplate double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.

Exodus 39:10 And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this was the first row.

Exodus 39:11 And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.

Exodus 39:12 And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.

Exodus 39:13 And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were enclosed in ouches of gold in their enclosings.

Exodus 39:14 And the stones were according to the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet, every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.

Numbers 27:21 And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.

```
**16** What a beautiful illustration today. Now, the Old Testament Urim Thummim has been done away with, because it changed priesthoods. Now the Urim Thummim is the Word of God, the Bible. Yes, sir. In here, the Bible said, "Let every man's word be a lie and Mine be true." And no matter how real it seems when a man's telling it, or how real his dream is or his revelation is, if it every book in the Bible, the entire Bible, doesn't reflect the light on it that it's the truth, leave it alone! Leave it alone. Now, you can take a little piece of Scripture here and say, "Jesus did so-and-so, and we ought to do the same." You can make it say anything you want to make it say, but it's got to come all the way through and line up perfectly with the Word of God, then it's right. That's God saying so. This is His Urim Thummim.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

```
**17** Therefore, God never did in any age have a denominational church. You tell me when it was. And now, there never was a denomination until 360 years after the death of the last disciple. That was the Roman Catholic church. And out of the Roman Catholic church... God called her, in the Bible, Revelation 17, a whore. That's a impure woman. And out of that she had daughters, and those daughters were harlots, impure like she was. That's what the Scripture says. And the Roman Catholic church gave birth to all Protestantism. And they've went right back and done the very same thing that she did. And the reason that she was impure, she had a cup of doctrines in her hand, or wine of her wrath of her fornications. And she give it to the kings of the earth, and she sat over many waters and reigned over the rulers of the earth. We found that so in the Bible. We found that she was supposed to be sitting on seven hills, a church---we found it. We found that she was decked with a triple crown: jurisdiction of hell, heaven, and purgatory. Right. And it's a man was the ruler of it; he was the antichrist sitting in the temple of God, showing himself he was God, forgiving sins on earth. We had all this, went through it and see that it's right.

```
Revelation 17:4 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

Revelation 17:9 And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.

```
**18** Said, "Here's to him that has wisdom." We find that the Spirit kept speaking expressly: "To him that has wisdom, to he that has knowledge, to him the different spirits, the gifts." Can't you see that God moving that church in the last days? There's got to rise a church full of the spiritual gifts, the real gifts of God. "Here's to he that has wisdom. Let him count the numbers of the beast, for it's the number of a man. His number is 666." And we found where that was exactly, couldn't be no more perfect. Write it out your own self. Vicarius, which is the vicar of Christ, Filii of God, "Vicarius Filii Dei" and see if it doesn't---in your Roman numerals ---and see if you haven't got 666. See if it don't place, not upon something else that give you suspicion this or that, but right at the same place where the rest of the Scripture says it'll be set. And here we are, Protestants coming right out.

```
Revelation 13:18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.

```
**19** Now, what we're trying to do today is to bring out and show that the doctrine that the Catholic church brought out and has, we've adopted it right over here in the Protestant church. And we're giving that to the people, which is the same glass of spiritual fornications that she gives out---'cause they're not Scriptural, they're man-made. It's false prophecy. It's a lie. It's of the devil. And then we found out...---to get a little background, to show that the age that we're living in, and picked it up last night---that a bastard born child, illegitimate child, could not even come into the congregation of the Lord for fourteen generations. That would be four hundred years, forty years to a generation.

**20** How horrible sin was. How horrible---not was, but what it is now. And if that was under the law, and Christ come to magnify the law... He said, "You've heard them say, them of old times, 'Thou shalt not kill'; but I say unto you, 'Whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause has killed already.'" Magnified it. "You've heard them say, them of old times, 'Thou shalt not commit adultery [that was the act] '; but I say unto you, 'Whosoever looketh upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery.'" Magnified it thousands of times. Well, if it taken fourteen generations for that to fade out then, what about when the magnifying glass of God's throwed on it?

```
Matthew 5:21 Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:

Matthew 5:27 Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:

Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.

```
**21** And people today, the teenagers out in high school, with beer parties, and drinking, and living, and little girls living in adultery, little boys, and things like that; what kind of a generation's coming up after this? What makes these little girls act like that? Their mammy was a flapper, their grandmammy was a chorus girl. And He said He'd visit the iniquity of the parents upon the children and the children's children till the third and fourth generation. What can you expect any more?

**22** And when the whole thing begins to leak out and the righteous seed begins sitting on the side getting thinner and thinner, and the wicked just keep on (very religious), just keep getting wicked and wickeder and wickeder, there's nothing to do but destroy the whole thing like He did back there in the antediluvian destruction. Every thought of man is continually full of sin. Everything man thinks about today is a bottle of whiskey, or some woman, or out running around. Can't live true to their wives. The boys can't live true to their girls, girls can't live true to the boys. Why they're in such a place, till the devil's got them so bound and possessed with evil spirits, the whole thing's become a conglomeration of sin. That's the reason we're in the day, and that's the reason that Russia is playing exactly in the hands of God to rock this thing out of here. The Bible says so. Certainly, God's using communism. He will use it. Communism will destroy the entire thing according to the Scripture, and we're in that day.

**23** Now, bringing these things out, see? Listen people, you are facing this. And you ... it ... this determines your eternal destination, so don't take it something lightly. Look at it in the Urim Thummim, how it's affecting the words. Now, when we're speaking of these things, see if they're cooperate with the Bible, see if they tally up with what the Scripture says.

**24** Now, every church... As soon as you say, "I'm a Christian,"---"What denomination do you belong to?" What difference does that make what denomination you belong to? We realize that denomination has nothing to do with God's Bible. And all Protestant denominations are harlots. The Bible said so. When you say you're a Methodist, you're a Methodist harlot. You say you're a Baptist, you're a Baptist harlot. When you say you're a Pentecost, you're a Pentecostal harlot. That's what the Bible said. So she is a mother of harlots. Now, if that's all you got... Now, if you're fellowshipping in this denomination and yet a Christian, you are a Christian. And you're not a Methodist, you're not a Baptist, you're not a Pentecostal---you're a Christian. Why even the...

```
Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

```
**25** I heard a discussion this morning on the radio while I was getting ready to come to church, on the Christian round-table discussion in Louisville; and the churches have adopted the program of teaching their children modern drinking! What kind of a bunch of idiots are we going to produce? Why is it? Because their mammy and pappy at home knows no more about God than a Hottentot would know about a Egyptian knight. Abstain from the whole thing. You don't have to moder... make yourself modern; you make alcoholics when you do that. "Oh, we'll let her do this, and let him do this," and so forth like that. What can you expect? We can't go another generation. We can't do it. We're at the end time.

**26** I don't want you to class me as some kind of a quack. I may be. If I am, I'm just as---I'm ignorant of it. I said to my wife sitting there, I said, "Meda, have I become a religious fanatic? Have I lost my mind? Or is it the Spirit of God that can't stand those things that's crying out? Is there something in here that makes me even go against my own thinking, my own will?" I said, "There's only three things it can be. It can either be that I have lost my mind..." If I am, I don't know it. I'm a nervous, upset person. That's just my nature. My gift does that, but ... as a minister. But I've either lost my mind, or I've become a fanatic, or it's the Spirit of God. It's got to be one of those things.

**27** But I can't stand to see the things, and something inside just screams out. And yet, I know according to the Bible it's got to happen. Then what good does it do to scream out? How is God going to stand at the judgment and throw this generation up here, if He hasn't got a voice screaming against it to bring judgment? What's going to be the Pharisees, if there wasn't a John to scream out of the wilderness? What good is it going to do, when I tell they shouldn't do this, and shouldn't do this, and shouldn't do this, they shouldn't not do this, and you should be filled with the Spirit; they walk by and say, "Off at the head, crazy, something happened to him." Well, what's the use of doing it? Because, God's got to have a voice! Got to say it anyhow, so He can bring judgment, say, "There it was; you're not ignorant of it." That's right. And if you don't cry out, what are you going to do? There's something cries out in you; you can't help it.

**28** Now, now, we find out then that when we brought down the next article we have here, finding out that ... the reason we are a nondenomination... And we believe that there's borned-again Christians, sainted people, in Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, and whatmore. We believe that God's church is that seed that's mixed down through this realm down through here; and it come in by what we spoke of last night, and will further discuss it---predestination. Not that God predestines anything to be, but by foreknowledge He can predestinate, for He knowed all things. And we found out last night that there's nobody ever got saved, like tonight, and had their name wrote on the Lamb's book of life. Your name was either put on the Lamb's book of life before the world began, or it never was there and never will be. We find out when God slayed the Lamb before the foundation of the world, you was slain with your Lamb. You believe that? Find out just in a minute.

**29** Let's turn to Revelation to begin, Revelation 17, or Revelation 13:8, and find out here what the Bible says about whether ... when the Lamb was slain. See if it was slayed in AD 33 or AD 33, or whether it was slain ... when it was slain. All right. Now, this is the United States in prophecy here, of course. Now we read it. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [What? The beast] , whose names were not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. When was the Lamb slain? Two thousand years ago? Maybe a hundred million years ago. Before the foundation of the world was ever formed, Jesus Christ died for our sins. Oh, now I get religious. Before there was a world, Jesus Christ died to save it. "Well," you say, "then why did God, the infinite God, ever permit sin?" You know there's attributes in God. And if God would've never permitted Satan... He knew when He created Lucifer that he was to be the one to corrupt the world. Oh, our God's not something little, pushed off in one corner; but He's the infinite God who never had a beginning or never will have an end. And in Him ... He is in His attributes. He is a Saviour. And how could He ever been known as a Saviour if there hadn't been something to save? How would we have ever...

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**30** Which was first, as I ask the question: which was first, the Saviour or a sinner? Well, if the Saviour was first, and the Saviour is higher than the sinner, how did the sinner ever happen to be? If there hadn't have been a sinner, he would have never knowed Him as a Saviour. Which is the most powerful, a healer or a sick man? The healer just takes the sickness and destroys it. Which was first, a God or a cancer? Why, there was a God first. Why did He permit the disease then? Because if He can destroy it now, He could've caused it not to happen. And if He's infinite, He knew it would happen. But then, if He doesn't ... if there is no disease, then He'd never been known as a healer. But being that He is a healer, there had to be a disease. You see what I mean? Now, He knowed all things.

**31** Now, in Revelation 13:8, listen. And the Lamb was slain when? Before the foundation of the world. God in His infinite mind looking down through the streams of time, and He saw what would take place, and how He would have to create and drop down into this time of space to pull out what He really was. Why don't you young ... you men that's got your wives... Put a woman under a test and you'll see what she's made out of. That's right. Put a man under a test, it'll... Shake a bottle under his mouth, if he's been an alcoholic. It'll tell you whether he got saved from it or not. If he's been a rascal, a run-around, a filthy hound that broke up other men's homes, strip some woman and start him ... start her by him; ... and it'll tell what he's made out of. That's right. Certainly!

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**32** God, to show His power, to show what He was, that He was a Saviour, He permitted a sinner to be here. As I've said, how will the angels sing the redemption stories, when they don't even know what redemption means? But we can sing it. We know what it means to be lost, and what it means to be found. If you never was lost, you don't know what it means to be found. It's those who are lost knows what it means. It's those who've had sickness that knows how to enjoy good health when it comes. It's that vile person that walked the streets yonder that never had a friend, and never had no one to put their arms around, and never had nobody to even look at them and consider them---it's that person that knows what a real friend means to put an arm around. Sure. You have to know. How would we ever knowed how to appreciate the sunshine if there hadn't have been a night? How would you knowed to appreciate a pretty, bright day if there'd never been a cloudy one? How would you know to appreciate the warm sunshine of the summer if there hadn't have been a winter? The law of pro and con. I'm getting off to preaching; I don't mean to do that. All right.

**33** Revelation 17:8, where we just for a minute now to show... Now, the Lamb was slain when? Before the foundation of the world. All right. Revelation 17:8. And the beast which thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and shall go into perdition: and they that dwell upon the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from [The book of life from when?] the foundation of the world,... When was your name put in the book of life? As I said last night, the man that wrote the song "There's a new name written down in glory, and it's mine, it's mine,"---meaningly he was right, but Scripturally he was wrong. Your name was not written the night you come to Christ. Jesus said, "All the Father has given to Me will come to Me. And no man can come, except My Father draws him. All that comes to Me I will give them eternal life and raise him up at the last day. There's none of them lost. I lose nothing, because no man can pluck them out of My Father's hand, who gave them to Me." Oh, my! Whew! St. John 5:24, "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me has eternal life and shall never come to the judgment, but has passed from death unto life." That's why this church believes in the security of the perseverance of the saints. Not in the Baptist form, not in the Presbyterian form, but in the Bible form.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

```
**34** "Well," you say, "now, Brother Branham, I guess 'once in grace, always in grace.'" That brings a lot of disgrace. But when a man or a woman has been born of the Spirit of God, old things have passed away, all things have become new; and he's been birthed and blessed by the eternal God. And they can no more perish than God Himself can perish. Do you mean to tell me that a God, a infinite God, would come down and give you eternal life knowing that He was going to lose you? Save you here, knowing He's going to lose you there? What did He save you for? Why, He's working against Himself. If He saved you once, you are saved for all eternity. There's no demons in hell could upset you.

```
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

```
**35** Now, the infinite God who could tell the end from the beginning, and then save you here this week and knowing next year you're going to backslide and lose you---well, what's He doing a work like that for? That would be foolish. I wouldn't do that. If I made you my friend today knowing you was going to be my enemy tomorrow, well, I wouldn't do it. I'd just let you alone. See? God makes you His servant today because He knows---and knowed before you ever come on the earth. When He was making the calcium that went in your body, when He created the cosmic light that's in you, when the petroleums and all that you're made up of, when God created it on the earth, He knew every fiber of you and what you'd do. How can the infinite God...

**36** "Well, I better walk careful today; I might backslide and be lost tomorrow." You wasn't saved at the beginning. You might be worked up under the emotions. You might just think you're saved. You might feel like you're saved. You might believe that you're saved. You might join the church. You might be a good Baptist, Methodist, or Pentecostal. That don't have one thing to do with it. Your name's ever ... if you are ever saved, you were saved before the world ever began, when God sent Jesus in His mind to save that one who He saw was savable. Now, He's not willing that any should perish. He's not willing; but if He's God, He knowed who would and who would not. The Scripture says so. So there you are.

```
2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**37** That's why we differ with the Baptist, the Methodists, and the so-called Calvinistic-thinking people. But Calvinism's right. Then we're going to come over on the Arminian side. What did they get? Works. That's the holiness groups. Works. "Bless God, I'll let my hair grow out"---the women; and, "O praise God, I won't even wear a short-sleeved shirt"---the men will, and so forth like that. That has nothing to do with the kingdom. No, sir. You can let your hair grow long, you can wear dresses whatever you want to, or you can do this, that, or the other, and it won't have nothing at all to do with it. You're not saved because of your clothes! If so, God would just have made some patterns of such. Jesus wouldn't have had to die. You're saved because that God saved you by grace. And you do these things just in appreciation. Common decency will tell you that. You do those things in appreciation. Works is what I do for God. If I never preach another sermon, and live here a hundred and fifty years, I'm still saved. Sure. I'm not saved because I'm a preacher. I'm saved because it's the grace of God that saved me! There wasn't one thing I could do to merit it!

**38** I'm sued at the law right now for half-a-million dollars. And they said, "Why, you went out... That money that you taken up out there to pay your bills, it was yours before you paid your bills. You passed it through your church, but it was yours first." I said, "But I never done one thing for it." Said, "Yes, you did." Said, "You told them that you'd take up a love offering." I said, "I want someone to tell me when it was." "Well, you solicit through the mail." I said, "Search my office. Not a penny." You know, the Bible said, "Don't take no thought what you shall say, for it'll be given to you in that hour." And sitting there by those federal attorneys, and each one busting again to me from one side to the other, and me hardly know my ABC's, and with those smart men who's trained to make you say things that you really don't mean to say it. Now, how can you match wits with someone like that? He can never match the wits with my Master, though. The Scripture said, "Don't you take no thought when you're brought before kings and rulers." I know the money that I've taken up there, I'd spent it for... And they didn't dispute that. It had been spent just as legitimate as it could be; but they said, "It was yours first, and then you turned it to the Branham Tabernacle." I said, "But I am the treasurer of the Branham Tabernacle." Well, they said, "I don't know about that. Then why didn't the trustees to do this, that, and the other?" I said, "And then you'd call me dishonest." Said, "We didn't ... think you're very honest." Said, "I want to show you something, Mr. Branham," that attorney. I'm just saying this for the glory of God now only, and especially for the young. He said, "I want to show you something."---to show you how if you live by the Bible, God will live by you. And if your spirit disagrees with what God said, then you're not living by the Bible.

```
Matthew 10:19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.

Mark 13:11 But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.

Luke 12:11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:

```
**39** Remember last night when we talked about women preachers; when they said, "Oh, I believe the Holy Ghost called me to preach," and so forth like that? The Bible said, "If any man says that he's a prophet, or even spiritual, let him acknowledge that this is the commandments of the Lord. But if he's ignorant, just let him be ignorant." So when you hear men say that they believe in women preachers, it shows that they're not right with God---or don't know the truth. That's the truth. The Scripture says so; we found it there. And it coincides into the Scriptures. Now, no matter how real it looks, it's a contrary. It's not right.

```
1 Corinthians 14:34 Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law.

1 Corinthians 14:35 And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.

1 Corinthians 14:36 What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?

1 Corinthians 14:37 If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord.

1 Corinthians 14:38 But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant.

1 Timothy 2:12 But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.

```
**40** Now, we're going to get something here now. Notice. God, the infinite God, who made the earth and the heavens, and knowed all things, and knew it before the world was ever formed---every flea, every fly, every gnat, everything that would ever be---if you live by His Word... Then standing there by those attorneys, this attorney walked over there and said, "We are not by no means trying to say that you're dishonest." Said, "You were ignorant of the fact that when anyone gives you money it was yours first." Said, "You signed a check from Mr. Miner Arganbright from California of the Christian Businessmen's Full Gospel Fellowship for so many thousands of dollars. And the same day you took it out of your bank and bought four or five tickets for a overseas trip, about twenty-four thousand dollars." Said, "Yes, sir. He said, "You owe income tax on that." "Well," I said, "we stood right in the same bank; and he gave me the check, and I passed it into the bank, and wrote the tickets right back." He said, "If you had the check one minute," said, "half of that was yours. You had a half a minute, it was yours a half a minute before it become the church property." Said, "You owe income tax on it." "But he gave it to the church. He paid income tax on it, and he gave it to the church." "He gave it to you." And I said... "You pay income tax on it, it goes to the church, then it's untaxable." Said, "We're not taxing your church, we're taxing you." I said then, "Why," I said, "the very man that signed his name, the federal income tax, told me to do it this way." He said, "He's not with the government anymore." I said, "They who wrote the Constitution's not with the government anymore. Does it still stand?" I said, "Someday you'll not be with the government anymore. And what are you saying, then?" I said, "What kind of a government are we serving?" Certainly.

**41** But then... And the other man said, "Mr. Branham, we find here, let me show you, that we know where every penny that you spent is." I said, "All right." He said, "Here is a place where you was having a meeting in Canada, in Alberta; and in there you was given a love offering of three thousand dollars." I said, "Yes, sir." And said, "The following ... Sunday previous, rather, to that, you went out and found where there was an old church. And they were worshipping in this church, and had no roof on it, and you give that three thousand dollars to them people to build a church." I said, "That's right." Said, "But you owe income tax on it." Said, "You gave it to the church." Said, "See, it was yours before it was the church's." He said, "Isn't it the truth, that a certain man [and I won't call his name, because many of you know him] , his house burnt down here in the country; and you coming off your meeting and you had fifteen hundred dollars... Now, that may sound a whole lot of money to one of you all, but that's just fifteen days for me to loaf or rest. Costs me over a hundred dollars a day, whether I preach or whether I don't, to take care of the office and things. And said, "You had fifteen hundred dollars, and that man's house burnt down, he had about six children, and you gave him that fifteen hundred dollars." Sure, they had my check laying here. I said, "That's right." I said, "What would you do?---a man with five children living in a tent and it zero weather and snow on the ground. You think I could sit in a decent house, and know that man and them little children out there freezing, and coats tucked around them---with money could've helped him?"

**42** He said, "Isn't it true that a man died in an alley up here, and he come from Kentucky, he didn't even have money for his funeral service; and you buried the man, and you and your wife took money and went down to JC Penney's [pulled it out, the check] "; said, "you spent over two hundred dollars just for clothes for those children"? I said, "That's right." He said, "Isn't it a fact that an old woman right here in this certain city [that lives there in New Albany] ," and said, "you gave her three hundred and something dollars to pay a back grocery bill that they'd cut her off on? And you paid nearly five hundred dollars for her rent, that they was going to set her out in the winter, and you've paid up her rent till the following June; and also stood good for her grocery bill which mounted up to fourteen or fifteen hundred dollars again?" I said, "I remember the case well; an old mother eighty years old with a afflicted daughter and a preacher boy in Georgia, afflicted by rheumatism, and laying on a bed and no other support. What would you do about it?" I said, "Yes, I did." Said, "Did your trustee board know this?" I said, "No, sir, they didn't." "Did your wife know this?" I said, "No, sir, she didn't." Said, "Then why did you do it?" I said, "Because my Lord said, 'Don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing.'" I said, "Have you got any law higher than God's laws?"

**43** And just then the Holy Spirit came to the rescue so beautifully, the way He does it. You say things subconsciously not knowing you're saying it, if you just let the Holy Spirit do the talking. I said, "Well, well, if you claim that I owe that," I said, "I will do the best I can..." I said, "I'm no boy no more, but I will do my best to pay it." I said, "Don't owe anybody anything as I know of." I've tried to be honest. I went thousands of dollars in debt, and paid it back at a dollar a week; but by God's grace I've got it paid. I said, "If you claim and prove to me that I owe that money that I give those people..." And they went ahead to show where there was nearly twenty thousand dollars in the last ten years I give away like that. And he said, "The trustees knowed nothing about this." I said, "It wasn't necessary for them to know it." And so he said, "Well..." Then he said ...

**44** I said, "What hurts me is to know that those poor old widows and orphans, they'll have to pay income tax on it too, or die owing the government." I didn't know what I was saying. That was the Father speaking, and I didn't know it. "Oh," he said, "no, they'll not have to pay income tax on it." I said, "Why won't they have to pay it?" Said, "You see, that was a unsolicited gift." Then the Holy Spirit woke me up. "Oh," I said, "then a unsolicited gift is not taxable?" Said, "That's right." I said, "Then I don't owe the government anything, for I never took an offering in my life." Then my attorney raised up, and he said, "Mr. Branham, can you..." I said, "I can have you two million letters in Washington to prove that." I said, "I never took a offering..." Said, "But when you go out in these meetings, and this money that's taken up by these ministers and pays off this," said, "you have some kind of understanding that you're going to get something." I said, "Not a thing." He said, "Then well, don't you solicit through the mail?" I said, "Not a thing." Said, "How do you get your money?"

**45** I said, "What people send me." I'm looking in the face of people right now that sends me tithings continually. I never asked them; they just do it. That's the Holy Spirit. He's able to take care of His own. And he said, "Well then, Mr. Branham," said, "can you prove that? Can you get me letters for at least eight or ten years back that you received offerings without soliciting?" I said, "As many as you want." He said, "I want three out of each year." I said, "All right, you'll have them." Said, "Then, will you give to me your post office box key and let me ... let your mail accumulate for two or three days, and then go down and open it myself?" Said, "You can do anything you want to. You can come to my office also." He said, "What kind of soliciting do you do?" I said, "Nothing." "What do you send out in mail?" "Prayer cloths." "Do you charge for it?" I said, "Come read the letters I sent with them." That was it. Now the government owes me for all I've paid income tax for the past twenty years. "Take no thought what you shall say, for it's not you that speaks, it's the Father that dwells in you that doeth the speaking." See? That's why we believe in staying with the Word. It may be a long time, but it'll work out just right according to the Word.

```
Matthew 10:19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.

Matthew 10:20 For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.

Mark 13:11 But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.

Luke 12:11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:

Luke 12:12 For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.

```
**46** Now, that's why we believe that the Bible tells us that before the world was ever formed and before it came into existence, that the Father slayed the Lamb. And then when He slayed the Lamb, He put every one of His oncoming children's names in the book of life; and we just live up to that age till it's all finished. You see what I mean? The infinite God knew that---that before the world began He seen the program, what it had to be done, and He just made it. Now remember, as a great master builder, the Father, when He made this world and put calcium, potash, and petroleums, and all of these different elements that goes in to make up our bodies, He knew every bit of it; and knew what kind of a form and body that would have before it was ever created. Certainly He knowed the eternal destination of it, and He knew what kind of a spirits would inhabit these.

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**47** And now, before we can finish that subject, we'll have to pick it up tonight in the seed of the serpent and in the seed of the woman, and bring it down and show you why it is. See how that seed of the serpent moved down, how that seed of the woman moved down, how that seed of the serpent begin to predominate, predominate, get greater and greater, greater, greater, greater?---until now there's nothing left but just a little small remnant of names still left written from the foundation of the world.

**48** But when the body has been born and that last name that's on the book be recognized here on earth, the books are closed: for it is completed, the story of redemption has been read completely. Then we go to see Him and to meet Him in the resurrection. "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that has sent Me has eternal life and shall never come to the judgment, but has passed from death unto life. No man can come to Me except My Father draws him." And "It's not him that willeth or him that runneth, it's God that showeth mercy," said the Scripture. It's not him that willeth. A lot of people say, "I'll join church; I'm going to be a good guy; I'll do this." That has nothing to do with it. It's God that showeth mercy.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Romans 9:16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.

```
**49** Now, you see, when God began in... There's seven Spirits of God, just like the seven colors in the rainbow. And did you ever notice, a three cornered piece of glass reflects seven perfect colors? Did you ever try that? Set a three cornered piece of glass---yet it's only one piece of glass, but in three corners will reflect seven colors. That's how Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, being One, yet reflect the seven spiritual attributes of God.

```
Revelation 3:1 And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.

Revelation 4:5 And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.

```
**50** And then, the first great Spirit of God which is love. God, like the great rainbow. We couldn't imagine what He looks like, but just say He looked like the rainbow in Spirit. The perfect Spirit of love, red; blue, the perfect Spirit of fellowship, just all perfect Spirits. And then they begin condescending, coming down. And they come all the way down from phileo love, or agape love to phileo love, and on down to lust, and down to the lowest. And then God Himself become a man, Jesus, and came down that same way to the lowest pits of hell; and picked out those who He knew before the foundation of the world, whose names were written on the book, and redeemed them back to Hisself. There you are. The story of redemption cannot be fully known until we see Him and we stand in His likeness.

**51** Now that's why we're not a denomination. That's why we do not cooper... we cooperate in every move that we can for God, but that's why we are not a denomination. Now, out of the denomination comes them false things. Now, as I said, I'm punching hard, because I want it to stick! Now, out yonder in somebody else's church I wouldn't think of these things. I'd be Christian and brother enough just to stay on the great principles which we all agree on. See? But it's just like we don't want cheating.

**52** I was speaking to a young boy yesterday where I was squirrel hunting, yesterday morning, way down in the mountains of Kentucky. And I didn't notice the little posted sign in the woods. And I was sitting on the other side, and I thought it was Brother Banks here coming up through the woods. He was squirrel hunting too in the same territory. And I seen him come on, and I whistled at the young man. I thought it was Brother Wood, dressed just like him. He turned around, and I seen it wasn't him. And Brother Wood had told me that there was a place up there was posted. And I didn't know it. There's no line fences, just the woods; and how would I know which hickory tree belongs in which side? So I was sitting there listening to the squirrel bark. And I was thinking about, "Well now, tonight I go home and start the meeting; I get back in the harness again."

**53** And it started raining and the storms blowing, and I seen this fellow and I spoke to him. Went up there, and found out that I was on his ground. See? And I talked to him and he said, "Oh, that's all right!" He said, "My, just hunt anywhere you want to." And I said, "Well..." He said, "You wasn't on my ground, you was sitting beyond that hickory tree." Said, "On this side of the hickory tree is my ground. But," says, "it doesn't matter, Brother Branham, hunt wherever you want to. Come on up to the house. Pappy would like to see you." See? And I said, "Well..." We got to talking about the Bible. Then when we were on hunting subject he said this, he said, "Brother Branham, there's nobody down here cares for anybody hunting. But," said, "my daddy was out here one day, and some city hunter come out and killed one of his sheep that weighed about sixty or seventy pounds; and he hollered at the guy, and the guy shot at him with a rifle." He said, "That's what makes it bad." Said, "We don't care for hunting." Well, that's the same thing that I'm speaking of. I don't care what denomination you belong to, but stay with the Bible and with the Holy Spirit. It isn't your denomination that we're worried about. Just as soon belong to one as the other. But it is staying with the Bible or accepting man-made dogmas. Stay with the Bible.

**54** Now, they brought forth denomination, which was wrong. Now, the next thing they had brought forth which was a error was water baptism. Water baptism, as taught in the Bible, is by immersing; but the Catholic church brought forth sprinkling or pouring. And there is no Scripture in the Bible to support sprinkling or pouring. No such a place found in the Bible. It's by immersing. Well, then, when along came after the Catholic church and the Lutheran church with their pouring, and along came the Anglican church and so forth as it come down; then after a while the Baptists come in, and the Campbellites, to get back to immersing again. Well, Satan seen that, so he just give them a false name to immerse in. And they started using the name of the Father, and Son, and Holy Ghost. There's not one speck of Scripture in the Bible where anybody was ever immersed in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. And ever who teaches it is a false teacher.

**55** Now, I told you I'd make it stick. Now, if you don't think that's right, I want your question on this platform showing me. If you can show me one place where anybody was ever baptized in the Bible in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I will put a sign on my back as a false preacher and go up and down the streets crying to the top of my voice with my hands up, "A false teacher!" There's no such a thing. Where did it come from? Now, go back. This is this side the Bible, you have to get the history. The Catholics believe in many gods, and they broke down the one true God into three different gods.

**56** And hear me, what a horrible thing was in the paper the other day concerning a great man, that we all know to be a servant of God, Billy Graham. We have the statement; Brother Beeler there has it. When it was asked Billy Graham by certain ... "Who ... what was this great contradiction about the trinity? Was there three gods, three actual Gods, or how was it? One place it looked like three gods and one looked like there was only..." Billy Graham said, "It hasn't been revealed. Nobody knows." My! If there is three gods, we are heathens! Like the Jew said, "Which one of them is your god: the Father, is the Son your God, or is the Holy Ghost your God?" There's only one God. And those are not three personalities, for a personality has to be a person. It can't be a personality without being a person. You know that. How can anything be a personality without being a person?

**57** "Oh," said, "we don't believe in three personal gods, we believe in three personalities of the same God." Well, before it could be a personality, it has to be a person. "What is it then?" you'd say. It's not three gods; it's three offices of the same God. He was the Father in the beginning that hung over the wilderness in the flame of fire, the burning bush. Fatherhood, God, just as I got through saying, condescending, coming down. That was the highest order: the Spirit, the Agape, the Zoe, the life of God Himself made in the form of a pillar of fire. And that same One, after being in the Fatherhood, became the Son. And the Spirit was in the burning bush was in the man Christ, and it brought forth the same evidence that the fire did. Said, "If I do not the works of My Father, don't believe Me." Every tree will bear record of its own fruit.

```
John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

```
**58** And then after it become man... See, it dropped down from supernatural into something tangible that could be touched, a body. And through the sacrificial death and the supreme sacrifice of this one God, Jesus... He said, "I and My Father are one. My Father dwelleth in Me." No one could read that any plainer. They said, "Why don't You show us the Father, and it'll satisfy us." John 14:8. He said, "I've been so long with you, and you don't know Me?" He said, "When you see Me, you see My Father." As a lady once jumped up and she said "Why, Brother Branham," she said, "the Father and the Son are one just like you and your wife are one." I said, "Oh, no they're not." I said, "Do you see me?" She said, "Yes." I said, "You see my wife?" Said, "No." I said, "Then they're not the same kind of "one." Jesus said, 'When you've see Me, you have seen the Father. The Father dwelleth in Me.' My wife don't dwell in me." See? They are one: in every way they are one. And we're one through agreement, wife and I. We're one in fellowship, but we're two personalities. My wife can do one kind of thinking and me another, and we're two persons, but not so with God. God and Christ is the selfsame Person.

```
John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 14:8 Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.

John 14:9 Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, shew us the Father?

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**59** "Then what's the Holy Ghost?" The Holy Ghost is that same Spirit of God, dwelling in the people whom He has died for and put their name on the Lamb's book of life---which they were one with Him in the beginning! The Scripture says so. Did not Jesus tell them that they were with Him before the foundation of the world? Your minds are blackened and darkened, we all are to those things, but we're just not some little coincident happening here. We are sons and daughters of God, in the beginning of the creation of God, then dropped down here for a witness, to witness the grace of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. We have an eternal Spirit. And no one, no one... And there's no way to stop it! God's church will be there just as sure as it can be sure.

**60** As we were speaking, to pick up the little subject again just for a minute, how the illegitimate child could not enter the kingdom for fourteen generations, four hundred years, and how that the iniquity of the parents was visited to the children to the third and fourth generations. Also, the righteousness of the parents is visited. What you do, if there is a coming tomorrow and you have a great grandson, your action today will determine what he will be then. For we read in the Bible where that Melchizedek, when He met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and Abraham the patriarch give Him a tenth, a tithings of all he had... And then he said that a tithing, that just only Levi could accept tithes. But he said Levi, who received tithes, paid tithes when he was yet in the loins of Abraham. Oh, can you catch that? Abraham was Levi's great grandson, and here Levi at least eight or ten hundred years later, maybe---several hundred, I wouldn't know just what ... many... I'd have to figure it up through the generations. But Abraham begot Isaac, Isaac begot Jacob, Jacob begot Levi, and here Levi... Jacob would be his father, Isaac his grandfather, and Abraham his great-grandfather. And when Jacob was in the loins of Abraham, the Bible said he paid tithes to Melchizedek.

```
Genesis 14:17 And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.

Genesis 14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.

Genesis 14:19 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:

Genesis 14:20 And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.

Hebrews 7:1 For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;

Hebrews 7:2 To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;

Hebrews 7:5 And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:

```
**61** And then this young generation running around smoking, drinking, and everything, how do you expect another generation to exist? The reason we got sin, with juvenile delinquency now, the reason we got little girls on the street, and little boys, is because their mothers and daddies did what they did in the bygone age. And the reason we still got preachers who'll stand for truth, the reason we still got some old-fashioned girls, is because they had old-fashioned parents back behind them. That's exactly right. We still got preachers that stands uncompromising with any denomination or the Word is because that we had old-fashioned preachers in the back stood right on the same grounds. Yes.

**62** Now, we're in this day. And now we want to say that in here (back to the ... some of the denominations), the reason we're not a denomination, and because if we were a denomination, we'd have to bow down to that. And remember, you search the Scriptures wherever you please, and you'll not find one place in the Bible where anybody was ever baptized by sprinkling, by pouring, or in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So if it's not in the Scripture, it had to start somewhere.

**63** As I said, sitting under a big tree looking at it, it... Oh, it may be like immacu... It may be gigantic, it may be powerful, but it had a beginning. It had to start. And everything, this old-time religion that we so gallantly stand for, it had to start somewhere. It had to have a beginning. And the isms that we have, it had to have a beginning. And the false scriptures that we're using in our denominations had to have a beginning. And if we say, "I'm a Methodist," you had to have a beginning. You can say, "I'm a Baptist"; you had to have a beginning. You say, "I'm Catholic"; you had to have a beginning. You say, "I'm a born-again Christian"; you had to have a beginning. You had to have it.

**64** Go back, find out where it began at. Let us go back to the beginning of the picture. Then if there is no denomination in the Bible, then denomination had to have a beginning. It started with the Catholic church. The Protestants just off-spring from it. Then if the Bible said that she was a ill-famed woman because her doctrine, she committed spiritual fornication. What is fornications? Remember we went through it now. A woman living with her husband, she's the same as a virgin. She's never been defiled as long as she lives with that one man. But what is unrighteousness? Righteousness perverted. Let her live with another man, and she's doomed. See? Righteousness perverted.

```
Revelation 17:4 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

```
**65** Now, if denomination was wrong... If it'd been right, God would've said, "Now, we're going to have denominations." And if the Catholic church was pronounced in the Bible as a whore, unrighteous, because she was giving to her congregation her own theology and not the Bible... Brother, sister, doesn't the Catholic church laugh in your face about the Bible? They say they don't care what the Bible says; it's what the church says, what their denomination says. Well, then, how can you call them wrong, when you'll "knuck" down to a baptism of Father, Son, Holy Ghost when the Bible condemns it? 'Cause the Methodist say so, the Baptist say so? Why will you agree to sprinkling and pouring when there is no such a thing in the Bible? There's no such a thing as anybody baptized in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Then why do you do it?

```
Revelation 17:4 And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

```
**66** See, that's why we're not a denomination. We don't have to cater to them. We take ... when the Spirit throws a light on the Scripture, we stay with the Scripture and "Thus saith the Lord." There you are. There's no such things as that. It's not written in the Scripture. Oh, you say, "How about Matthew 28:19?" Now, we've combed through that a dozen times. That was an issue that Jesus said, "Go ye therefore, teach all nations, baptizing them into the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost." Was it ever carried out? Was there ever a person ever baptized that way? Not one. Then there must be something wrong somewhere. Sure, it's Catholicism did it.

```
Matthew 28:19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

```
**67** Find out if there was ever in the history up to the ante-Nicene fathers, you historians. Read the books of the ante-Nicene fathers and see plumb on to the king of England: every one of them baptized in the name of Jesus Christ until the Catholic church. And the Catholic church has power, they said, to change anything they want to. And they went to baptizing in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Martin Luther brought it out, John Wesley followed it, and Alexander Campbell come with that, and John Smith of the Baptist church followed on, here's Pentecost on with it yet. But the hour has come!

**68** Watch the candlesticks as we was on last night. The first candlestick is light. It went darker, darker, darker, till it went through the fifteen hundred years of dark ages; then start to lighten up. And just before the last church age, she lit back again. In between the two church ages, the light come. Follow the scriptures of the Ephesian church, Thessalonica church, on down to the dark age. Each one of them, He said, "You have a little strength, but you haven't denied My name." And the next church, "You've done a great thing, but you haven't denied My name." Follow the ante-Nicene fathers down through that. "You haven't denied My name." Then fifteen hundred years of dark ages, then the Lutheran church came out. He said, "You don't have My name, but you have a name." No more "Lord Jesus," but "Luther," and "Catholic," and "Baptist," and "Presbyterian." "You have a name that you're living ['We're a living church. We're thriving. We're going on.'] ; but ye are dead!" Scripture said so. "For there's not another name given under heaven among men whereby men may be saved." Not Baptist don't save you, Presbyterian don't save you, Catholic don't save you; Jesus saves you.

```
Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.

Revelation 3:1 And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.

Revelation 3:8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

```
**69** All in the little textbooks, man-made theories, they put them down---"That's what we believe." And that's the reason we stay away from it. We have no textbook but the Bible; no leading, no bishop, but the Spirit. That's right. And then if there's a wrong spirit comes in, will try to twist something in there, the Word will untwist it: "That's wrong, stay away from it." See? Here come the Spirit along saying, "That's wrong." Bears rec... for our spirit bears record with His Spirit. Here'll come one along saying, "Oh, we should... Well, I think it's all right for them to do this, that, or the other"; but the Spirit said, "There's something wrong with that." Goes right back in the Bible, and brings it right down the way we do, and, "It's wrong, stay away from it." That's the reason the Bible said, "Here's to him that has wisdom; here's to he that has knowledge; here's to him that has this": the church there setting in order. Don't you see the great plan of God?

```
Romans 8:16 The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:

Revelation 13:18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.

Revelation 17:9 And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.

```
**70** Now look. The Philadelphian church age was the Methodist church age, the church age of brotherly love, the reformation. Which when rank Calvinism had sprung up in the Anglican church in England---where they didn't even have no revival no more, went plumb off into hay seed---God raised up John Wesley as a legalist to take the Armenian doctrine. And when he did, he knocked that thing in the head---and it deserved to be! But what did he do? Here come the Methodists along and run just as far that way as even the Calvinists did this a-way. Now, in between there still Methodists, still Baptists. Wish we could get over here now in the Scriptures. Take Revelation 3 and you'll get it.

**71** Now, just before the last church age, ... which was Pentecostal. It's a lukewarm, Laodicean church age which is rejected. But remember, as Jesus was seen in the cross, standing in the seven golden candlesticks, the darkest was what was the farthest away from Him: His right hand and His left hand. And He was to look upon as Alpha and Omega, not the in-between. The Alpha and Omega, as He had His hand stretched. And He was jasper and sardine stone, which was Benjamin and Reuben, the first and the last. There He had His hands stretched; there He stood.

```
Revelation 1:8 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.

Revelation 1:11 Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.

Revelation 1:12 And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;

Revelation 1:13 And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.

Revelation 1:20 The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.

Revelation 3:16 So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.

Revelation 4:3 And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald.

```
**72** But remember, at the going out of this... Don't confuse it; for when they received these names here of these denominations, they would die right in them same things, right on down. But He said just between the Methodist and Pentecostals going out, "I have set a open door before you." There you are, the name restored again. "I have set an open door, for I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the Father except through Me." What is it? That open door---strait.

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

Revelation 3:8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

```
**73** Strait. If you noticed, it ain't "s-t-r-i-g-h-t"; it's "s-t-r-a-i-t." Strait is the way! Strait is water. How? Back to the name of Jesus, which you did have. "You hadn't ... got a little life, you haven't denied My name." Yet then in here they lost and went into a Catholic denomination, come out in a Lutheran denomination, come out in a Wesleyan denomination, then they're going right into the Pentecostal next. But just before the end time---The seed's almost gone from the earth, it's weighted out, the seed of the righteous; the seed of the serpent is accumulating faster and faster and faster, getting ready for this atomic age, to be destroyed---"But just before that time, I'll send a way of escape. I've set before you an open door. Strait is this gate and narrow is this way, and there'll be just a few of them that'll find it; for broad is the way that leads to destruction, and many will be will go in thereat." There you are. Just before this, this great light was supposed to spring forth. I'm so glad. I just don't know how to express it, I'm so glad. Here it is time to close, and I've never touched my subject.

```
Revelation 3:8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.

```
**74** I want to speak on the Baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm going to touch it anyhow for ten, fifteen minutes. Now, I won't keep you three hours like I did last night; I'll try not. Now, if they've got a false water baptism, denominations are wrong. And ever who hangs up for certain denominations is absolutely supporting the wrong thing. They're supporting what God's against. Said so in these church ages. Said so in the Scripture, and called them prostitutes, because they teach for doctrine the commandments of men: "Now, we the..."

```
Matthew 15:9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

Mark 7:7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

```
**75** I went to a place not long ago, to a certain man coming here writing a thesis on divine healing, and he said, "The only thing about you, Brother Branham," said, "the people hold it against you because you go to the Pentecostals." I said, "Well, I'll come to yours," I said, "if you'll support me in your city." He said, "Well," said, "I done took that up." Said, "I took it to the bishop"---of this certain church. (Methodist church, no need of pulling any punches about it.) Said, "I took it up, and they said, 'Now you see, we as the Methodist church don't believe in these miracles.'"

**76** Now, what are you going to do? Now, you going to listen to the Methodist church and the denomination? If you are, you're a prostitute religionist. You think the Baptist church would support a campaign as such? Why? Because they're Baptists! Said they are prostitutes. She brought forth her daughters, and they were harlots. Why? Giving out the same kind of a doctrine, man-made doctrine, instead of God's doctrine. That's why we're not denominated with the Baptists. That's why we're not denominated with the Methodists.

```
Matthew 15:9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

Mark 7:7 Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

```
**77** Now, why ain't we denominated with the Pentecostals? Here you are; that's exactly. The Pentecostal would've stayed where... If the Lutheran church would've stayed where it was begin, it would've been the Pentecostal. But they denominated, so God raised up another Pentecostal called Wesley. And so when Wesley denominated, He raised up another one called Baptist. When they denominated, then He raised up another one called Campbellites. When they denominated, He raised up another one called Pentecost. When they denominated, He's moving on. Just watch and see. It is not God's divine program. It's not in the program of God to have those denominations. So you see, that's why we're not a denomination.

**78** Remember this, I said in the beginning---now if I hurt you, I don't mean to---this is for the church. If you're setting along, we like to have you here; but this is what we stand for, and why we're not a denomination. Now, the denomination, to begin with, is false, and false teachers. And I said it would hurt, and I want it to hurt. They are absolutely false teachers. Any man that knows those things, and will stand and compromise for the Baptist, Methodist, Lutheran, or Pentecostal, knowing that the Bible teaches different, he's a false prophet. No sticking around it. That's exactly. That's why I didn't join the Assemblies. That's why I didn't join the oneness. That's the reason I didn't join the Baptist, the Methodist, or Presbyterian, because they're false. I don't mean their people's false, I mean their theology's false!---because it don't compare with God's Word. Paul said, "If a..." He went over here... Let me show you what Paul said before we leave this water baptism.

**79** When Jesus made the issue in Matthew 28:19, Peter ten days later said, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." The next time baptism was mentioned, when Philip the evangelist went down and preached to the Samaritans, and he baptized every one of them in the name of Jesus Christ. Paul, Peter came down---Peter and John, rather---laid hands on them, they received the Holy Ghost. Then they went on up there. Peter went straight then to Cornelius's house; and when Cornelius ... "While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on them." Peter said, "We can't forbid water, seeing that these have received the Holy Ghost like we did in the beginning." And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

```
Matthew 28:19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

Acts 8:12 But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.

Acts 10:44 While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.

Acts 10:47 Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?

Acts 10:48 And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.

```
**80** Now, Paul passed through the upper coast of Ephesus, he finds some Baptists. And they had an apostle up there, an apostle of the Bible, and his name was Apollos. He was a lawyer, converted; and he was proving to the people that Jesus was the Christ, by the Bible. He said, "The Messiah's supposed to do certain things. This man was the Messiah." And they had a big bunch of people there, and they were rejoicing and shouting and having a big time of it. Aquila and Priscilla had went over there and joined up with them, having fellowship with them. They didn't have no denomination, they was having fellowship. And so they seen this man was a great man, oh, he was smart, an attorney; he was a smart man. So they said, "Now, you're very good on what you know; but we got a little brother named Paul, when he comes, he's had some experience, he knows what he's talking about. He will teach you the way of the Lord more plainer, if you'll just sit and listen to him. Now, don't try to push something off on him, because he ain't going to stand still for it, you see. But you just go ahead, listen to him."

```
Acts 19:1 And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,

```
**81** When Paul come through they listened at him watched him over there. He said, "That's very good; but have you received the Holy Ghost, you Baptists, since you believed?" "Oh," they said, "haven't we got it?" "Don't think so." "Well, why?" "Well, how was you baptized?" "Oh, we've been baptized. We've been baptized." "Well, who baptized you, and how was you baptized?" The Bible says "unto what?" The Greek---or the original says "unto how," and this says "unto what." Said, "What was you baptized?" In other words, "How was you baptized?" "We was baptized by John the Baptist, the same man that baptized Jesus Christ, same hole of water." That's pretty good baptism, don't you think so? Look like that'd stick all right, don't it? Look like it'd be all right. If the man that walked into the water with our Lord Jesus Christ and baptized Jesus ... and God sanctioned it till He come down in the form of the Holy Ghost and went into Him and He said, "This is My beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in." right after that baptism, looks to me like that baptism would've been all right.

```
Matthew 3:16 And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:

Matthew 3:17 And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

Mark 1:10 And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:

Mark 1:11 And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

Luke 3:22 And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.

Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

Acts 19:3 And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.

Acts 19:4 Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.

```
**82** Paul said, "Won't work any more now, won't work anymore." "Why won't it work anymore?" See? "You got to be baptized over again." "You mean that we who have been baptized by John that baptized Jesus, has to be rebaptized?" "That's right." Said, "How must we be baptized?" Said, "In the name of Jesus Christ." And Paul took them out there and baptized them all over. Acts 19:5. "And when they heard this, they were baptized again now, in the name of Jesus Christ." And Paul laid his hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. If Paul constrained men and women to be baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ, if I preached any other Gospel, then my spirit is not right like Paul's was. "Let him acknowledge what I write is the commandments of the Lord."

```
Acts 19:4 Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.

Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

Acts 19:6 And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.

1 Corinthians 14:37 If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord.

```
**83** And now, in Galatians 1:8 Paul said, "If an angel from heaven comes..." A bright shining angel." What's he speaking of? A revelation. Blessed be the name of the Lord! It don't matter how good your revelation is... You remember the first of our service this morning, the Urim Thummim? If something comes and reveals it perfectly, he's a liar! He's a false angel, and a man who packs his message is a false prophet. There's only one way to be baptized: that's the name of Jesus Christ. If you haven't been baptized that way, there's a baptistery waiting. That's right. Falsely! Find me one place where anybody was ever baptized in the name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Not in the sacred writings. What is it? It's a dogma that started with the Catholic church. We can support this. We have the full Nicene father's doctrines, we have the history, we have Hislop's Two Babylons; we have Josephus' writing, we have all the ancient histories, and... Josephus wrote in the time of the Lord Jesus, Hislop's Two Babylons wrote after that; the Ante-Nicene Fathers wrote after that, before the forming of the Catholic church. And then the Catholic church come in, and pushed it all out and took over themselves, and pagan Rome was made papal Rome. And there they brought that false baptism of water: to sprinkling, and from the name of the Lord Jesus to Father, Son, Holy Ghost. And Jesus said under the inspiration He give to John on Patmos, "You have a name that you're living, but you're dead." "Father, Son, Holy Ghost" is a dying name.

```
Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

Revelation 3:1 And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.

```
**84** Let me tell you a little personal experience. Switzerland, Germany, and the places where I've been, how does fortunetellers work, how does evil spirits travel? I want you to believe me as your pastor, because you're the one I'm speaking to. Devils travel in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. They cut feathers and everything else and throw spells on each other through the name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Call it the three high names. The mother of it is Catholic churches. They go to these little statues, and kneel there, and cut a feather with scissors and turn it backwards, and throw spells on their neighbors and so forth---where they're burnt to death and everything else for it. In Switzerland I stood with my hands on the post right there where honest men and women died; when they cut their tongues out, and burnt their eyes out and everything with hot rods, that prostitute Catholic church. Not only that, but the early Anglican churches too and your Protestant churches did the same thing. And they throwed those spells by "the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost."

**85** Your brother and pastor, I've had the grateful privilege by the grace of God to be protected in these things, but to know first-handed what I was talking about. Where a woman that come to this church condemned me and said, "He's fooling with spiritualism." God in heaven knows what it was all about. I can't take no man's... When they told me that Pigalle in Paris was such a ill-famed place, how did I know? I was never there. But I went down there to find out if it was right or not. I took two or three more ministers and went down there to those women and things that stripped on them streets and things. It's the truth! How did I know Rome sat on seven hills? How did I know the pope had "Vicarius Filii Dei"? Had to take somebody else's word for it. How did I know the triple crown was on the pope, the jurisdiction of ... the vicar of heaven, earth, and hell? How did I know it, till I went and seen it?

**86** How did I know there was a living God? Not under somebody's theology, some intellectual conception of some emotional period that passed through an age gone by, as infidels would tell us; but one day down yonder I found Him, and talked to Him face to face. That made things different. Exactly right. Spiritualism works through "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." I stood in a meeting where those witches was working. Don't you think they won't challenge you. They stood there: they throwed a table up in the air, and it floated around, and a guitar playing. Standing there, and they wanted to put me out. And I said, "You're wrong!" The spirit spoke back to them, spirit professing to be God, said it was God. I said, "It's wrong; it's the devil!" They said, "This man is an unbeliever." I said, "I'm an unbeliever of this stuff, because it's not of my Lord. This is witchcraft. This is of the devil." I said, "Now here, I'll try that powerful name that I've been baptized in." I said, "In the name of high heavens, tell me the truth"; wouldn't even answer me. I said, "In the name of the holy church, tell me the truth"; he wouldn't answer me. I said, "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, tell me the truth"; and he wouldn't answer me. But I said, "In the name of Jesus Christ, tell me the truth." He said, "Yes, it's wrong." God knows that's the truth. Yes, sir. Oh, faith in the Father, Faith in the Son, Faith in the Holy Ghost, These three are One. Devils will tremble, Sinners awake, Faith in the Lord Jesus Makes anything shake. Yes, sir. Stay by that name. "You have a name that you're alive, but you're dead." There's your church. There it is.

**87** Listen, there's one woman sitting... There's fine, nice-looking, beautiful women sitting in this church this morning. Young women, middle-aged women, old women---they're all fine. They're somebody's wife, somebody's daughter, somebody's sweetheart, so forth. They're every one... There's one Mrs. Branham sitting here. You're every one women, but there's one Mrs. William Branham. She's the one goes home with me. She's the one is my sweetheart. She's the one that's raising my children. There's many fine churches in the world today, but there's one Mrs. Jesus that's bringing forth the real true borned-again creatures of God. You know what I mean, don't you? Her name's not Methodist, her name's not Baptist, her name's Jesus, Mrs. Jesus. Sure she is. She's bringing forth people---not members of the Methodist church, she's not bringing forth Baptist church, or Presbyterian, or Catholic---she's bringing forth them born and rooted and grounded in Christ Jesus. There she is, that's her. I'm so glad that I'm with her. She's a mystical church. She don't have any denomination. She carries none of these great big fancy names and big buildings. She meets wherever the members of the body gathers together. They worship in Spirit and in truth. They were predestinated before the foundation of the world.

**88** One more Scripture and I'll promise you I'll close. And I'll leave the rest of it till tonight. Leo, you can catch that tonight then. Let's go to Ephesians just a minute, just read this one Scripture, then I'm going to leave it with you. We find out what the Bible said now about this. I'm going to take this great teacher, Paul, which is ... there's never been nothing like him, he was the apostle to the Gentile church. All right, get Ephesians 1. Now, we're going to close just in a minute. Listen to this, my dear friends. Listen to Paul preaching to the same kind of church that I am this morning. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of [the Presbyterian church. The what church?] ... the will of God, to the saints [the sainted ones] which are at Ephesus [Now remember, they're scattered all over the world, but this is the group at Ephesus he's talking to. Now, he ain't talking to the world; he ain't talking to local church members; he's directing this to the sainted ones, you see.] , and to the faithful in Christ Jesus: [How do we get in Christ Jesus? By one Spirit we're all baptized, living faithful. How do you know you got the Holy Ghost? We're going to get on that maybe tonight. See? All right.] ... in Christ Jesus: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and ... the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places...

```
Ephesians 1:1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:

Ephesians 1:2 Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

Ephesians 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:

```
**89** You know, it don't take a lot of hollering, it don't take a lot of screaming. That's all right, nothing against it. That's all right. It don't take that. It takes a submitted heart, sitting in heavenly places, feasting on the things of the Spirit. Now, what does the Spirit feast on? Emotion? Not altogether. It brings emotion---see---but you could... You remember the vision about the rain, and the wheat, the tares? Remember, when the ... needing rain, there's a little cocklebur, he's got his head hanging down; the wheat's got its head hanging down. When the rain comes, both of them jump up and shout. Same rain, but by their fruit you shall know them. Look: Grace be unto You from God our father ... [Now watch.] According [the fourth verse now] according as He hath chosen us in Him [At the last revival. Huh? When we become a member of the Baptist or the Method...? No. It said "before" they had the meeting. Yeah.] before the foundation of the world, [He chose us right then. Now, we didn't choose Him; He chose us. See? He chose us then before the foundation of the world.] that we should be holy...

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Ephesians 1:2 Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.

Ephesians 1:4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:

```
**90** How was we holy? Not through what we did, but what He did for us---'cause we can't be. How can you make a pig a lamb? Brother Roy, you raise pigs and lambs both. You can't mix them. The pig just ... he get around there and eat all kinds of stuff that he can. He'll get out of the manure pile and eat a belly full. Well, you don't feel bad about that, you think that pig's just all right. He's just a good pig, that's all. But you don't see a lamb around there. He couldn't invite him over for dinner; he wouldn't come. No. What's the matter? Cause he's a pig. You go tell him he's wrong: "Bless God, I'm a pig; you keep on your own grounds. You go out there and be a holy roller if you want to." There you are. "If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not even in you," said the Word.

```
1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**91** Now, not because I've quit eating manure, made me different from a pig (see?) made me not a pig anymore; that isn't it. But when my nature changed. "Oh, they put a fence around. I guess they bar off, I'm not supposed to do this." Oh, no. You don't bar off nothing from this. You're just borned again, that's all. You've just been changed. That's right. But if you could take the spirit out of that lamb and put it into the pig, that lamb would do the same thing ... the pig would do the same thing the lamb's spirit in him would do. And that lamb would turn right back around and do the same thing the pig did. Now you see, you pigs, where you're at? That's exactly right. That's right. See?

**92** You go on out and love the things of the world. Wear shorts and do all these things, go ahead---shows what you are. "By their fruits you shall know them. Does men gather figs off of thorns?" See? No, no. You draw figs off a fig trees, you get apples off a apple tree, you get thorns off a thorn tree. That's right. Now, listen real close now. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to Himself, according to His own ... to His good pleasure of His will. Having predestinated us... To the praises of His glory of His grace, wherein He has made us acceptable in the beloved. Who did it? Cause I quit drinking, because I quit smoking? No. He did it. He made me, before the foundation of the world, acceptable in the presence of His grace. Nothing I done, never done a thing about it; didn't have one thing to do with it, I was a pig to begin with. I was a sinner born in a family of drunkards, raised up on a moonshine still, sitting on a whiskey barrel, disgraceful. That's right. Kentucky moonshiner, never wore a pair of shoes till I was a great big boy, hair hanging down my neck, sitting up there on a moonshine keg making moonshine; and yet the Holy Ghost come to me at seven years old, said, "Don't you touch a drop of it; and don't you fool with them little old girls out there, and don't you smoke a cigarette, or chew a chew of tobacco." Oh my! What was it? The Father's good will before the foundation of the world, that He would send me to preach the Gospel and lead His sheep! God bless Him, and forever, that great name. I'll stay by His Bible, sink or drown, popular or unpopular. Whether anybody loves me or not, I'll please Him. I want to do that which pleases Him.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Ephesians 1:5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,

Ephesians 1:6 To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.

```
**93** If the Baptist turn me down, the Methodist, the Pentecostal upon their initial evidence, speaking in tongues being the Holy Ghost... That's the reason we're not Pentecostal. We don't believe in that speaking with tongues makes you filled with the Holy Ghost---no more than we believe living in a barn would make you a pig. No, sir. No more than we believe living in a king's palace would make you a king. It doesn't! You could be a servant. See, you could be anything. No, sir! We believe that you receive the Holy Ghost by an experience. Not by mythical intellectual conception of the Scriptures, but by an experience that you alone know. Now, if you want to know whether it was the Holy Ghost, watch how your life patterns after that. It'll tell what kind of a spirit come into you.

**94** You might speak with tongues and you might not. But why did the Pentecostals do such a horrible thing as that? Why did the Pentecostal do that? Why? Because in the beginning, when God begin to restore back yonder forty years ago, bringing back the gifts, somebody begin to speak with tongues... And speaking in tongues is the least gift, according to Paul's teaching, of the entire bunch of gifts. The least of all the gifts is speaking in tongues. And as soon as they did it, they all got excited and made a denomination and called it the General Council, which is the Assemblies of God.

**95** Now, I've talked to some of their best men, their best theologians, and they say, "Brother Branham, you're right, but what can we do now? If we'd had raise up against that, we'd be kicked out. And what would our church think about us?---when we've taught them for years, we've taught them for years that the evidence of the Holy Ghost is speaking in tongues. What if we change it now?" That's the curse of denomination. Bless the Lord, we have no denomination. Just as the Spirit leads, we take it.

**96** The Baptism of the Holy Ghost is a personal experience. I've seen people speak with tongues: I've seen witches and wizards... Any missionary knows the same, that's ever dealt in witchcraft and devils. I've seen them stand and speak in tongues, and throw dirt over the back of their heads, and cut themselves with a lance, and speak in tongues, and interpret it. And you say that's the Holy Ghost? Certainly it isn't. It's the devil! Jesus never said, "By their tongues you shall know them," but, "By their fruit you shall know them." And Ephesians 5:1 says that the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, goodness, gentleness, patience, meekness, faith, temperance. Is that right? There you are.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Galatians 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

Galatians 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

```
**97** Now, if you're a Methodist, those kind of fruits follow you, that you're not quick-tempered to fight a buzz saw; if you got patience and you got love and your consideration to everybody; if your first love is Christ, your second is your fellow man, let you be third, down like that; if you're moving on, got long-suffering, gentle, patience, faith... My, you say, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me. And there's divine healing. The Holy Ghost is the same today." Now, you say, "Wait a minute. I'm taught in the Church of Christ, days of miracles is past." You got a devil. That's right. You say, "Well, we got to be baptized. In the Bible there's no such a thing as being baptized in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost. I see it right now: it's in the Scripture, it's the name of the Lord Jesus; everywhere it's the name of the Lord Jesus." "Wait a minute, we'll kick you out of the Assemblies." You duck down to that, you got a false spirit in you; you're listening to a false teaching or a false prophet. Now, you just find one place where they was ever baptized in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost, and I'll give up to you. I'll show you every place they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Now, who's right, the Assemblies or the Bible?

```
Acts 8:16 (For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)

Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

```
**98** If you say, "Well, I've been sprinkled. Bless God, that's just as good for me, you just don't have enough education. I tell you, sprinkle, what difference does it make, to pour water on or immerse it down?" I don't care what it looks like, the Bible says to be baptized. And baptize means "to be immersed." You say, "What difference does it make?" Well, what if God told Moses, "Take off your shoes, you're on holy ground"; Moses say, "That's too much trouble. I'll just take off my hat, got to unlace my shoes"---would it been just as good? No, sir! God would've never spoke to him until he took off his shoes. And God will never speak to the church till it comes back to the oracles and principles that Christ laid down, and it's not dominated by some emotional or some denomination to pull it this or that way. It'll have to come back to believing in miracles, believing in signs, believing in the Holy Ghost, baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. And all these things will have to come back to that, or God won't speak to them. That's exactly right.

```
Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

```
**99** There's where the church is. That's why we're not denominational. That's exactly why we don't belong to denominations. We believe the Bible! And then there's lots of things in there that we don't know, plenty of it, but we're standing open, Lord Jesus. Just reveal it, and... We'll walk in the light, it's a beautiful light, Comes where the dewdrops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus, the Light of the world. (Not the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, but Jesus, the light of the world.) All ye saints of light proclaim, Jesus, the Light of the world; Then the bells of heaven will ring, Jesus, the Light of the world. (Everybody, in the form of worship now.) We'll walk in the light, beautiful light, Come where the dewdrops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus, the Light of the world.

**100** Wouldn't you rather have Jesus and His Word than to have any denomination's idea about it? How many would rather have Jesus and His Word? Now, find one place in here where God ever ordained a denomination. Find one place He ever put a woman preacher or ordained one in the Scriptures. Find one place that any person was ever sprinkled or poured. Find one place that anybody was ever baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, anywhere, anything but the name of Jesus Christ---not Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Find where one person was ever baptized in the name of Father, Son Holy Ghost, come show me. For every person was baptized in the name of Jesus.

```
Acts 8:16 (For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)

Acts 19:5 When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.

```
**101** Now, we're going on into deeper things than this now. Now we're going into the initial evidence and so forth. Just see where it's at. Now, if they teach contrary to that, they're teaching things that's not in the Bible. Remember, I'm asking you for one place that there ever was a denomination. Just show me one. Then somebody's wrong. I'm not asking there be one here and one over here, maybe, where the other one wasn't. I'm saying, show me one place there was ever a denomination, three hundred years after the death of the last apostle. Show me where there's one denomination outside of the Catholic church starting it. Show me one place that the Bible doesn't condemn denominations. Then why are you a denomination?

**102** Show me one place, now one place, one place where any person was ever sprinkled for the remission of their sins. And I don't mean just one here and there, but show me one place in the whole Scripture. Show me one place in the whole Scripture where anybody was ever poured for the remission of their sin. Show me one place where anybody was ever baptized in the name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost, just one place, one person, where one person was ever baptized in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Show me one place where God ever put a woman preacher in the church or either said for her to be. Where's it at? Now, that's a big challenge, but I want to find your question, now, laying on the pulpit, showing me where one of these things are tonight. I'll apologize. If it isn't, then if you haven't met these requirements, then why not meet them? Come be one of us. You are anyhow potentially. If your name is on the Lamb's book of life, you'll walk in the light, you'll see the light. God will reveal it, and you'll walk in it. That's exactly right. See?

**103** Now, why I'm not taking you back to a church, I'm taking you back to the Bible. Now, what did Paul say? What did Paul say? "If an angel from heaven preaches anything else than this, let him be accursed." God said, "Let every man's word be a lie and mine be the truth." So I don't care what any church says. Pentecostal, Baptist, Presbyterian---God's Word is truth. Why did they start this? On account of denominations. The Pentecostal Assemblies of God today would give anything, right down in the bottom of them great teachers' heart's, if they'd never started that dogma of the initial evidence, speaking in tongues. They know that's wrong. It won't hold water. Certainly won't. I can prove to you by God's Bible that you don't receive the Holy Ghost by speaking with tongues. It's not in here. Oh, you think... Yeah, sure, it's written so close it'd deceive the very elected. See? He's hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and revealed it to babes. It's a spiritual revelation. You watch the revelation hits it and watch it brighten out. See, there you are. See, there's the thing you want to watch, friends. You see?

```
Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

Galatians 1:8 But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.

```
**104** We thank God for the Holy Ghost who is our Teacher. And He doesn't just go out and get some little old mythical idea, and bring it up here and say "Oh, hallelujah, here it is wrote right here. Hallelujah!" The Holy Ghost goes back and brings it right down through the Scripture, places her right down, right on through the Scripture. See? That's when you got the truth. That's exactly. For precept must be upon precept upon precept, and line upon line upon line. That's the way the Bible said to do it.

```
Isaiah 28:10 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:

Isaiah 28:13 But the word of the LORD was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.

```
**105** You say, "Do you condemn denomination?" No, sir. "Do you condemn women preachers?" No, sir. "Do you condemn speaking in tongues?" No, sir. "Do you condemn these people who's baptized in the name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost?" No, sir, no, sir. But I say: If they know better now, God will hold them responsible if they don't follow in the light. You might not have knowed it till just now, but you know it from now on. See? Now, if you don't think it's right, search the Scriptures, and then find your place, and come back and lay it on this desk tonight; and we'll see whether it's right or not. And you go search it with a open mind, open heart. Now that ... now this teaching like this is for the Branham Tabernacle. See? This here, just right here. It's not ...

**106** I wished it wasn't Branham Tabernacle. I wished it was just called, The Tabernacle, didn't even have my name attached to it. I'm fixing to turn this church... You all know when we bought it. I bought it when I worked for the Public Service Company. And put this thing up here, and they just called it that because that Brother Seward and them attached my name to it when they put it on the deed down there. Just as soon as I can get clear of this thing that we're in now, this church is going to be turned over to this ... a community; and just given, my name taken off of it.

**107** I don't think my name ought to be on that church. It oughtn't to be a Branham Tabernacle, should just be a church. The Church of the Lord Jesus Christ, or something like that, The Tabernacle of the Lord, see? The Dwelling Place, The House of Prayer, or something or other, given some kind of a name. Let the congregation choose their name. My name---I'm just a man. My name don't deserve to be on this, not no more than nothing. The reason it had to put my name on this, because my name was on the deed, said, "Billy Branham." See? And it shouldn't be there. No, sir. It should be a community church. This should be to the congregation here.

**108** And this church is sovereign. There ain't no board of trustees or deacons going to tell you what to do. This church in a whole vote tells you what to do. That's exactly right. If there's a decision... If you don't like your pastor, and there's two or three people gets something against the pastor, they can't raise up. If they're deacons, trustees, they just---or what officer they are here---they just got one vote, that's all. If he's assistant pastor, he's just got one vote. He's just like the lay member that sits back there. The whole vote of the church settles the matter. And that's right, that's right. No deacon board put a pastor out, or no pastor put a deacon board out. The church does that in a general vote of the whole thing. It's sovereign in itself. We have no bishops, we have no general overseers; we have Jesus. Amen! He's the bishop. He's the general overseer. He's the head pastor. He's the King. He's the Lord. He's the healer. He's all in all. And we're just His subjects, walking in the light. Amen.

**109** And He set some in the church what? In the church, in the body, set some there here what? First apostles. That's missionaries. We got one here in the church now, a little boy sitting back there, a friend of mine, Brother---I call him Creech---Jeffries. That's the first highest call, a missionary. You say, "An apostle is a missionary?" Absolutely. Go look in the dictionary and find out what apostle means. Means "one sent." Go look in the ... what a missionary means: "One sent." Same thing. The highest order is a missionary who travels the seas for the Lord Jesus. First, apostles; second, prophets. What is a prophet? A seer. Not one who makes out ... not a apostle who makes out like he's a missionary, stays home; but one who really is a missionary. An apostle, a prophet, a seer...

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

```
**110** Apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, pastors. That's what the body consists of. In that local body then there's nine spiritual gifts. One of them is wisdom, knowledge, divine healing, speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, all these different gifts that's in the local body. And these apostles, pastors, teachers, and evangelists are all here to be sure that in these gifts these things are working right. If they find something false raising up, quickly they condemn it, because it's not according to the Scripture. Let somebody walk up here and say, "Bless God, I got oil in my hands; looky here. You know, I believe I got the Holy Ghost, I got oil in my hand." You'll hear somebody say, "That's not Scriptural." That's right. "Let's take and go here in the room; let's search the Scriptures through. Show me in the Scriptures where that's the evidence of the Holy Ghost."

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

```
**111** One said, "Oh, I spoke with tongues; I got it." Show me in the Scriptures that's the evidence of the Holy Ghost. That's right. "Oh, the Lord called me to preach," says some woman. Show me in the Scriptures He did that. "Oh, I know the Lord told me! He blessed me that night I was baptized in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost." Show me in the Scriptures where you're supposed to do that. "Well, I'm just as good as anybody else; and I'm a Methodist, or a Baptist, or a Presbyterian, I'm Pentecostal." Show me in the Scripture where God said that. See? That's right. It's not there.

**112** Now, there's a wide open challenge to you members of this tabernacle. There's a wide open challenge. Now, if you find one thing that you think it's wrong---that I've said this morning, one thing that's contrary to the Scripture---you're duty-bound to lay that on this pulpit this evening. That's right. You bring it and lay it here. Show me the Scripture, the verse in the Bible where that there was a denomination, that Jesus made a denomination, or any of these things that I've taught: where He ever ordained and put a woman in the church as a preacher; where He ever ordained sprinkling, pouring, or anything of that type that I've been talking on. Put it here. Then tonight we're going in, if the Lord willing, to the Baptism of the Holy Ghost and into the seed of the serpent and of the woman. All right. The Lord bless you. How many feels good? Oh, I feel like traveling on, Oh, I feel like traveling on; (Now sing that real sweetly to the Lord.) My heavenly home is bright and fair, And I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling, traveling on, Oh, I feel like traveling, traveling on; My heavenly home is bright and fair, And I feel like traveling on.

**113** Now, there's been one thing since I've been on this rest period for these few weeks, I've found out there's been a trouble with me; and I want to confess it now to my church. I sat back behind those oak and hickory trees down yonder studying, "Where did I make my first mistake? What made me go wrong? What was it?" You know what I found out what makes me wrong? There's such a thing as going overboard with something. Did you know that? You can try to be all right and try to be good; and then you can be too good. And I've just let people push me around, see? They'll say, "Well, Brother Branham, you come over here. The Lord told me to tell you this." "Well, all right, brother, here I come." "Oh, Brother Branham, don't you go over there, over here." "Well, maybe I better not go there." See, and you don't know what to do. That's what makes me nervous. I'm going where the Lord leads me to go, and I don't care what anyone says about it. See? That's exactly right. So I won't hurt feelings.

**114** And then, I noticed another thing. My children up there have become a bunch of neurotics, screaming at night and everything---people piling in and out of the house there all the time, people coming from everywhere. I don't blame people from that, sick people. But we've got that all arranged. And here at the church, when I come to hold a meeting, why, I almost have to slip out, get out of the church---because people just holding on and this and that. I'm so tired, and sometimes coming out of them healing service, and I'm not real good to them... And say, "Say, Brother Branham, the Lord said here, we come over here, to go to..." That's no good, I shouldn't do that. We don't have to do that.

**115** Now, we've made arrangements to take care of that. And now, just remember, anybody that wants ... I want to see everybody. And I want to have time, and talk with people. This way you can't... You get somebody in there, and the first thing you know, all you're time's gone to one and you don't get to see the other one. And that's not right. People come from a long ways just to have a few words with you. And if God has give those people that faith in me to believe that, they deserve a little time to be taught. You shouldn't just turn them away, saying, "Oh, I don't see nobody." That ain't right---because I'm afraid to do it, because someone comes and say, "Now, the Lord tells me, Brother Branham, that you should do a certain, certain thing. This is it. This is the will of the Lord now." The Lord will tell me His will.

**116** Mr. King, how many remembers R. A. King, used to come here, down here? He said... I was building a boat up there one time, he said, "Now, Brother Branham, now you build that boat according to your own specifications." Said, "I was building..." Some man was building a boat one time, and a guy come along, said, "You ought to cut these gunnels this way." Well, he tried it that way. Another one said, "Oh, you ought to do it this way. Everything, the ribs and everything, the boat should be this way. And the bow should be this way, and the head, and the stern, and the rudder." And he said it was the awfullest-looking thing he'd ever seen when he got done. Said he just took the boat and packed it back in the backyard; and started out with his saws, cutting him another one. Said somebody come by and said, "Say, this is the way you ought build it." Said, "That one was built by other's instructions is out in the backyard. I'm building this one according to the way I think it ought to be built." That's right.

**117** Now God, if He wants me to do anything, He will tell me what to do. If you think that I'm wrong in what I'm doing or anything like that, you pray for me that God will straighten me out. See? Cause I can't listen to too many. Now, you here, maybe, at the church, you just got to listen to maybe one or two people; but here I go into the tens of thousands. How can I do it? Then I said, "Before I make any man an answer, I'm going to sit down and study over it right, see which way the Holy Ghost leads. Then I'm going to tell him---or tell her, whatever it is---that that's my decision, I'll stick by it." That's right. Stay right there.

**118** Now, interviews are fixed. Anybody that wants to see me, perfectly all right. If you'll call Butler 21519---just look in the telephone directory and find William Branham, Butler 21519. Arrangements will be made for interviews. And it'll be put down just exactly the time and the place to do. Now I can meet every person, be with them, help them with their problems and things; but I can't just go and stay a day with one, and four or five hours with this one, and next day miss the whole thing. We have so much time. We ask them what they want, and how much time, and bring it right down. And we see every person. And the man that answers the phone will be Mr. Mercier here, or Mr. Goad sitting right there. And they'll fix that right on the book exactly for the interviews, and I will see every person. If it's a special case... If it's during time of the prayer service now for the sick, bring your sick and afflicted in and let them listen a night or two.

**119** Now, we'll pray for them emergency cases. But then after about a couple of nights, I want to start in on my new ministry. And I want to take them back here in this room, because you know the vision. How many remembers the vision? Sure you do, of the little tent in the room. Now, I'm going to take Meda in with me on the first night, on account of sending women in. And then if it ... see how it works just with her in there. And then if it don't work right that way, then I'll turn around and send two women in at a time---bring two women at one time, because they're coming into a place where there's just a man, see? And that... Of course, now, we got clean minds; but the devil don't have it out there, you see. So what he'd think about it, see, and what the world would say. But it's a ministry that I can't let be known to the public. No one will ever duplicate this. You see? No, sir! No, I know it's right on the merge now. I can just, look like, just reach out there and take hold of it. It's laying right there.

**120** Last night I was dreaming, just before I got up this morning, Brother Neville, I was dreaming a dream. And I thought the ministry... I don't know what I was doing, but whatever it was, oh, you talk about things taking place. I never seen such. I woke up just a-crying, I was praising ... I was hitting my wife in the face with my hand like that. Like that, just a-praising God, laying there. Oh, I just know that there's something right out here just ready to reach over and get a hold of it. It's going to be greater than it's ever been. It's going to be wonderful. I believe God's fixing to do something great. But now, we got to approach it sanely, intelligently, and right in the Word of God. Correct. Oh, we love Him.

**121** Now remember, if any of your friends or anybody wants to see me and wants to talk with me about a little something that's privately, let them call Butler 21519 and there'll be an interview arranged out at the place. I can't have them around the house up there and around the tabernacle here, 'cause you get in here... I preach real late; and I stay here, 'cause I'm not with you very much. And I just hold you as long as I can to get every word in, because, friends, this is the only time that we're ever going have to do this. This is all going to be over pretty soon. We're going right on down the valley, right on down. Look at them that's left, since last year, that's been here. See?

**122** So we're going down in a valley; we've got to do this now. This has got to be done now. And now, that's the reason I hold you. You say, "Well, that ... how about Scripture for that?" Yep. Paul preached all night one night, and a man fell out of the building, killed himself. How many know that? All night long. Paul went over and laid his body up over him, felt his heart begin to beat with that guy's heart, said, [Gap in the audio.] Take the name of Jesus with us, Falling prostrate at His feet, King of kings in heaven we'll crown Him, When our journey is complete. (All right, up to our feet.) Take the name of Jesus with you, Child of sorrow and of woe; It will joy and comfort give you, I'll tell you what let's do: turn around there and shake hands with somebody there, saying, "How do you do, Brother? I'm sure glad to...
