---
Date: 1958-03-14
Title: Love
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the National Guard Armory in Harrisonburg, Virginia, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 29 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Love



**1** You may be seated. It is indeed a privilege to be here tonight, a great privilege to be here to serve the Lord Jesus. We're sorry that we don't have sufficient room, knowing that you have to stand and it makes you tired. And the hall ... and I asked if there was some larger place that we could get, and I don't think there is at the time. But we will try to make our messages just as short as we can, and you be patient and bear with us just a little while. And now, remember the services tomorrow evening, and then Sunday afternoon and Sunday evening also.

**2** Now, tonight, if it be the will of the Lord, I wish to read a portion of the Scripture. And then you pray for me as I speak tonight. Been hoarse since I've been up here. Not a bad cold, but just an overtaxed voice. (Let me move this thing around here... Transposition of that thing. All right. I think that'll be just a little better.) Now, in the reading tonight let's go back to a very familiar Scripture that's familiar to all, one found in the blessed old Bible. And I believe every word that the Bible says is the truth. And I know that all Christians do the same. And this is a very familiar reading: John 3:16. For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**3** Now, let us bow our heads just a moment for prayer. O blessed and eternal God, who brought again the Lord Jesus from the dead, and He has now been presented to us after nineteen hundred years, yet alive and just as sufficient in His power and in His presence as He was nineteen hundred years ago when He walked in Galilee. And we thank Thee, our Father, because Thou hast done this to us. And in this dark evil day that we're living, when there is so much confusion on every hand among the world (and in the nations, in politics, and in every walk of life), even to the Christian walk, yet there is confusion. But we are so glad to know that Jesus still lives, and as the Scripture has said of Him, "the same yesterday, today, and forever." And when we see the end approaching rapidly, and the signs of His near coming, our hearts jump for joy when we rest upon the blessed promise that He is the same, that He loves us, and He gave Himself for us.

```
Ephesians 5:2 And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**4** We would ask Thee tonight, God, to be merciful to us and pardon us of our sins and trespasses. Give to us the exceedingly abundantly tonight, for our weary hearts need it in these days. Bless every one in Divine Presence, and heal every sick person that's come tonight expecting; and we know that Thou will not send one hungry person away unsatisfied: for that's Your nature, You're God. Bless the Word as we have read it, and give to us the context of this Word for this evening's message, for we ask it in the name of that all-sufficient One, the Lord Jesus. Amen.

**5** I suppose there isn't a child that's attended Sunday school any time, but what could quote this little passage of Scripture here: just a little small portion of the Word of the eternal and everlasting God. And it's not very much, but it isn't the reading or how much we read; it's the value of what we read. It doesn't make any difference whether it's very long or not, it's the value of what we have read. There is where we can rest our faith, because it's the Word of the living God.

**6** And now, sometime ago (talking of values of things), over across the river in Louisville, Kentucky, across from where I live, there was a little boy that was up in the attic of his home. And he was searching through some old relics and things that belonged to the family, and he found an old trunk. And he dug into this old trunk happily to see what he could find, and he found a little postage stamp that had turned yellow. It was just about one half inch square. The little lad looked at it, and he said, "That might be worth a nickel, and a nickel would buy me an ice cream cone." So with the ice cream cone on his mind, he rushed down the street to a stamp collector. And the collector looked at it. And he said, "What will you give me for this postage stamp?" not expecting to receive over five cents.

**7** And he said... After the stamp collector looked at it, he knew it was an old stamp, so he said, "I'll give you one dollar for it." Oh, the little lad was very happy. That meant many ice creams. So he sold the stamp for one dollar. And about six weeks later, this stamp collector sold it for fifty dollars. Sometime later it was sold for five hundred dollars. And now they claim it's worth a quarter of a million dollars.

**8** Now, we know that a little piece of paper half-inch square would not be worth even picking up on the street. But it wasn't the value of the paper; it's the value lays in what's on the paper. And that's the way it is with God's Word. It isn't just the paper that it's wrote on, but it's the value of it is because it's the Word of the eternal God. And Jesus said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but My words shall never fail." Therefore, John 3:16, tonight, although small in its portion, holds enough value to save the world. It's got enough value in it to heal every sick person that's on the earth today. It's a pardon to every sinner. It's joy to every weary person. It's hope for the hopeless. It's food for the saint. It's healing for the sick. It's a pardon for those who are troubled. It's all these things to you, if you receive it as that.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**9** Sometime ago there was a case---I believe it was in the days of Abraham Lincoln---that a man had committed a crime, and he was found guilty. And the punishment of this was to die by a firing squad. And some good friend slipped out and went before the President on his knees and begged for the pardon of this man. And Mr. Lincoln, not in his office, made his decision that he would pardon the man. So he just wrote it on a little piece of paper, "Pardon So-and-so. Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States." He bowed and thanked the man, and then rushed quickly to the man in the prison. And he said, "My friend, I have your pardon!" He said, "Let me see it." And he presented this little piece of paper. And the criminal said, "Oh, it isn't enough. If it was a real pardon, it would be wrote off on a great big piece of paper. It would tell why I was pardoned. So you're just kidding me." And he could not be persuaded to take his pardon. And the next morning the man died by a firing squad.

**10** And then notice, there is a signed document by the President of the United States that says, "This man is pardoned"; and it was written the day before his execution. Then it was tried in Federal Courts. And here is the Federal Court's decision: A pardon is not a pardon unless it be received as a pardon. And that's the way the Word of God is. It's a pardon to those who will receive it as a pardon. It's healing to those who receive it as a healing pardon. And every divine promise of God is true, if it be received in the right mental attitude.

**11** I say this tonight, as a minister of the Gospel, and I've seen it tried. I've had the privilege of preaching around the world and before tens of thousands of people. And every divine promise in the Bible is true! And if you'll take the right mental attitude towards any of God's divine promises, it'll bring it to pass---if you can take the right mental attitude. And in our Scripture reading tonight, it said, "God so loved the world..." If there is anything that the world is dying for today, is love. In my travels I find that that is the rejected stone that keeps the building from being fit together: where the Assemblies, and the Church of God, and the Baptists, and the Methodists will all shake hands and be brothers, if they just have love one for the other.

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**12** That is the great need the world is dying for, and God is love. Now, we find in the church, that's what hindered the church, has been the wrong conception of love. Now, love... There is two different types of love that's real love. One of them in the Greek word is called "agapao." That's God's love. And then a perverted love from that is phileo love, which means "human love." Phileo comes from the word "fellowship." The phileo love is what you have for your wife. And a man might flirt with her or insult her, and you'd shoot his brains out over it. That's what phileo love will do. It accompanies jealousy. And many other things goes with it. But agapao love would make you pray for his sinful soul. That's the difference between the two loves. God's love is the beginning of love. It's the fountain of love. And the church today is lacking in that, that real agapao love that makes you have love for your enemies.

```
1 John 4:8 He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.

1 John 4:16 And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.

```
**13** Oh, if we only had that kind of a love, there'd be a revival sweep this nation from coast to coast and from north to south. And the reason that we do not have that love... That is the main reason the church is not progressing like it should. We don't need theology, we only need real love to go with the theology we already know. We are arguing so much whether we should be baptized backwards or forwards or whatever more. But that don't make any difference how you're baptized, or what church you belong to, or what evidence that you have that you're a Christian, if you haven't got love, you haven't got God.

**14** We need love. "God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten son." Now, when love is projected, and it comes to its end, sovereign grace produces what love projected. When God so loved the world that His love was at the end of its going; and then that love projected sovereign grace that gave us a Saviour. That's how we got Jesus, it's because that God loved the world. Something was produced because of His love. And Jesus the Saviour was produced, the grand old story that we so ... forget so easy.

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**15** Way over in Switzerland many years ago ... and some of you men and women around my age can remember reading it in your readers. Switzerland was a little group of people that went up in the mountains out of Germany. And they had themselves a little economy. They wasn't a warring people; they were a peaceful people. And all of a sudden there came a war against them. And the Swiss got their old sickle blades, and sticks, rocks, and what they could find, and went down out of the mountains to meet the enemy on the plains. And there they were, standing there all backed up, just a little group of people, and a great marching army coming like a brick wall. They didn't have a chance!

**16** But there was one, a hero among them, by the name of Arnold Von Winkelried. And he kissed his wife and his babies good-bye a few hours before he went to battle. He loved his home. He loved his nation; therefore, his love constrained him to do something about it. And he said. "Men of Switzerland, this day I'll give my life for Switzerland." They said, "What will you do, Arnold von Winkelried?" He said, "Just follow me and fight with what you've got." And he threw up his arms and he looked towards the deepest of the spears, as they marched on like one great big wall. And he found the deepest of the spears. And he screamed, "Make way for liberty!" And he started running with his hands in the air. And he screamed again, "Make way for liberty!" Before he left his ranks, he said, "Across the mountain yonder is a little white home, and two little children, and a sweet wife that I will never see no more. Take care of them. But I'll give my life to defend them."

**17** Love makes you do things. And when the church gets the real love of God in their heart, they'll do things. They'll not be ashamed. Oh, Christ don't want you to be... It isn't so much to be loyal. He don't want your patronage; He wants your fellowship. That's what God wants, is to have fellowship with you. And as this Arnold von Winkelried rushed towards the lines, he grabbed an armful of spears, and throwed them into his heart as he fell on them, and plunged himself to death. Was such a gallant act till it routed the enemy. And those who followed him, screaming, with sickles in their hands, and rocks, and stones, and sticks---but they beat the enemy out of the country. And Switzerland has never had a war from that day till this.

**18** That heroism is seldom ever compared, and never exceeded. But oh, that was a little thing, till one day when Adam's fallen race was backed into the corner. They had sent prophets and laws, and they had refused them; and the devil, sin, and sickness had backed Adam's race into the corner. And there was One stepped out in heaven, said, "I'll go to the earth"---for God so loved the world. His love constrained Him to do something. It projected a Saviour, who came to the earth and found the thickest of the spears---which was death---and plunged Himself into it. And on the day that He ascended up, and He sent back the Holy Ghost, and said to His church, "Take this and fight the best that you can!" There's where the church misses it today: the love of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost---and men afraid to take it. You'd rather take some man-made theology and try to fight. You'll lose! Take what the Leader gave, the love of God that constrained Him. "God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son."

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

Romans 5:5 And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.

```
**19** Oh, I've noticed it. Many of you has read the book of that time up in Portland, Oregon, when the maniac run to the platform. I want to let you in to some of a little personal life. The maniac ran out to the platform that night before sixty-five hundred people and was going to kill me. Great big burly giant, weighed about 250 pounds or maybe more, stood nearly seven foot, a maniac out of an insane institution. And I was speaking on faith. I weighed 128 pounds. And I seen about three hundred preachers run from the platform, because they knew him. He hated preachers. And the law was looking for him.

**20** And as he rushed out on the platform, I didn't know him. And he let out a great big scream, and he set his teeth together, and his eyes pushed back. And he started walking towards me. And he said, "You hypocrite. You snake in the grass" he said, "upon this platform, posing yourself as a servant of God. You're nothing but a hypocrite." Everyone kept still. About that time, two little policemen that I had led to Christ back in the dressing room run out to grab him. And I motioned to them. I said, "This is not a flesh and blood affair." But the strange thing was, that when the man went up there, I wasn't afraid. Now, perfect love casts out fear. And that's the reason people won't take God at His Word for healing, they don't love Him well enough---because you're scared He won't keep His Word. That's the reason that people fear somebody else will say something against them if they receive the Holy Spirit. They're afraid somebody will laugh and make fun. But when love comes in...

```
1 John 4:18 There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.

```
**21** What made Moses leave Egypt? The throne was at his feet, but he esteemed the reproach of Christ greater riches than all the treasures of Egypt. What? Not to say, "Now, I'll make it better for you," but to take the place with his people. That's what the Spirit of Christ ... that made him take his place with the people. That's what made Christ take His place with the people. That's what makes a Christian today come out and take his stand with Christ!---live or die. Fellowship, love one another! And you love God and you're not scared what the devil's got to say or do.

```
Hebrews 11:26 Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompense of the reward.

```
**22** When this maniac pulled back his great arms, and something another happened. Oh, I wish I could live that way all the time. And it rushed towards me. And he threw back his great, mighty arms. Now, you'd better not be just kidding. You'd better know what you're talking about. And with witch doctors in Africa, voodoo men in India, they'll challenge you. But if you really love Him, don't be scared. He said, "I'll be with you." Oh, I've never seen it fail, and it won't fail.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

```
**23** So the man got real close to me, and the people just hushed. And he drawed back his breath, hawked and spit all over my face. And he said, "You snake in the grass. I'm going to show how much servant of God you are. I'm going to knock you way out in the middle of that audience." He was well able to keep his threat. But he didn't know God! That was the main thing. I kept real still, never said a thing. And my heart was going out to him. Now, you just can't imagine that, it's got to be real. The people have seen so much put on love, till they're sick and tired of it. Be what you are. If you're a Christian, be one. God's grace will make you one.

**24** And the man walked closer to me; and I loved him, because I knew he didn't mean that. I thought, "It's the devil that makes that man say that. He's a man who would love his family like I do mine. He would like to eat, and drink, and fellowship. But the thing of it is, is because the devil has possessed him. He's a human being the same as I am."---those kind of thoughts. And you can't do that unless God does it for you. And when he got close to me, he drew back his arms, and he said, "I'm just going to knock you out in the middle of that audience, and break every bone in that little old frail body of yours." I never opened my mouth or said a word. But then all of a sudden, something begin to speak. And the Holy Spirit begin to speak, and said, "Because you have challenged the Spirit of God tonight, you'll fall over my feet." There was both threats, both prophecies. He said, "I'm going to knock you out in the middle of the audience"; the Spirit of God said, "You'll fall over my feet." He said, "I'll show you whose feet I'll fall over." And he drew back his arm to strike me, and still there was no fear.

**25** I wasn't there because I wanted to be seen; I was there with a commission from God to the people. And when he started to strike, something within me said, "Satan, leave the man." And when it did, his great eyes seemed to push out, his teeth set together, and he turned around and fell over my feet---till the policeman had to come and roll him off. What was it? Love. Love will conquer the mightiest enemy there is on the face of the earth. It is love. Just a way inside, now, of life.

**26** Here some time ago, I was in Mexico last year, there'd been a little baby that morning that they brought over to the meeting. And it had died at nine o'clock that morning. They were standing by the tens of thousands. Twenty thousand came to Christ that night. Twenty thousand. I said, "I do not want Catholic or Evangelicals, I want people who has never received Christ at all." And they tagged twenty thousand. But there was a little woman down there screaming with a blanket. Billy was with the man who had give out the prayer cards, and they had around two hundred or three hundred ushers. And that three hundred ushers couldn't keep that little woman out of the line! She was climbing over their backs. Oh, what was the matter? Her baby had died at nine o'clock that morning, and it was at ten, nearly, that night.

**27** After a long tussle: Little lady not over twenty-five years old, very beautiful-looking little woman, and she kept screaming, and the ushers trying to push her back. She'd go beneath their legs, over their shoulders, or anything. Her love for her baby. And I could hear those screams, "Padre!" Padre means "father." She was Catholic. And as she screamed, Billy come to me and he said, "Daddy, you've got to do something with that woman." Said, "She has no prayer card, and we can't be just and let her in line without a prayer card. Others stood here from real daylight this morning to get a prayer card." And I said, "Well, Brother Moore [Brother Jack Moore, Shreveport, Louisiana] ," I said, "you go down and see if you can pray for her baby or whatever's wrong." And he started off; and I looked up here in front of me, and I seen by vision a little baby. I said, "Just a minute, Brother Moore."

**28** You see, sovereign love will project the grace of God every time. I said, "Maybe I had better go to the baby." I said, "Ushers, I know this is not right. According to our rules they have to have a prayer card. But let the little lady come here." And when she come up, she fell down. I said, "Stand up." I couldn't make her understand. And I put my hand upon that blanket. I never even seen the baby. And I said, "Lord God..." It was just as wet as it could be. It had been raining all day. They had no place to sit down; they were standing, leaning against each other---just as far as you could see in that big bull ring. And I said, "Lord God, I do not know what this is all about, but I seen a little Spanish baby in a vision just now." And I laid hands on that wet blanket. Jehovah God, who is my Judge, he squealed and let out a big scream, and begin to kick the blanket pulled over him.

**29** What was it? Love, a mother for her baby. Not to be seen, but not a hypocrite, but a real genuine love for her baby projected the sovereign grace of the Almighty God. How simple it is to believe it. Here not long ago (you can get in some awful predicaments, as we all know), I was sitting on the porch talking to my associates here, Brother Goad and Brother Mercier. And we were talking about a young colored girl who had killed her baby the day before. She was a ... had an illegitimate child. And the child, she wrapped it in a blanket and smothered it, got in a cab and went out to the river, and dropped it into the river. The cab driver reported it to the coast guard. They seined the bundle out and found the little baby, killed. But the baby had not drowned, it had died from suffocation. And her picture was in the paper. And I was telling my brethren, sitting on the porch, I said, "You know, that woman isn't ... not even should be called a woman." I said, "A dog has better morals than that woman."

**30** And just then we looked coming down the road. And my house is the fourth from the highway, up a lane (or a little avenue, you might call it here), and it's the only house that's got a fence around it. Well, I looked coming up, and coming into the driveway, and there come an old opossum. Now, you people in Virginia know what opossums are. I was a game warden for many years in Indiana; and I studied wildlife, it's one of my studies. And anyone knows that opossums doesn't travel in the daytime. A opossum travels at night, and then lays up and sleeps in the daytime. And I said, "Look, Leo, Gene. Here comes a opossum." And when he got in front of my gate, he turned in. And I noticed him leaning sideways like this, with one leg lagging. And I jumped up and run out there, and there was a rake laying in the yard. And I took the rake and laid it over the opossum. I said, "It's perhaps got rabies, because it's hot weather now." July, I believe it was, June or July. And I said, "It's got rabies perhaps; and therefore, we'd better stop it.

**31** And when I stopped the opossum, I happened to look, and her leg was all chewed up---where a car had hit her, or dogs had chewed it. And it was swollen twice the size. And I don't mean to be ... make you sick, but the flies had blowed it, and there were maggots and fly blows all in the leg. And I said, "Oh, it's been hurt, a few days before this." And I held the rake on it. Usually they'd what you call "play opossum," lay down. But not her. She was biting at the yard rake. And them opossum is the second animal, kangaroo and opossum is the only two, that has a pocket to carry their little ones in. And I noticed when she let her pocket down, there were nine little naked baby opossums about that long. And they were trying to nurse her. I said, "Here it is, boys. She's a mother!" And I said, "Come here, Gene."

**32** And about that time Mrs. Wood, which ... and Mr. Wood, which was formerly a Jehovah Witness, and their boy had been healed with legs paralyzed up under him, so much that he don't even know which leg it was drawed up now. And they had moved over next door to me, and she's a veterinary. And he come up there to look, and she said, "Look at that." I said, "Boys, that opossum is more of a mother than that woman was that drowned her baby." I said, "She probably hasn't got over an hour yet to live, but she's willing to give that hour fighting for her babies. She's a real mother."

**33** And then, when I held the rake over a little bit, and I... Mrs. Wood said, "Brother Branham, what are you going to do with her." I said, "I don't know." He said, "Well, you better kill her. And just take them little ones and kill them, because they got a round mouth, they can't nurse, and they'll die nursing from her. And I said, "I just can't do it." And she said, "I thought you was a hunter." I said, "I'm a hunter, but I'm not a killer!" And she said, "Why, you don't mean that." She thought she was right. And humanely she was. She said, "You're going to let them suffer like that?" I said, "I don't know why, Mrs. Wood, but I just can't kill her." Said. "Let my husband, Banks, kill her." I said, "No, I can't let him do it." Said, "Then you're going let her lay their and die like that!" I said, "I guess that's what it'll be." I raised her up like that, the rake; and those little opossums, she cupped them up right quick, and run up in front of my door, and collapsed and went over. Then with her collapsing, we shook her to know whether she was dead or not. She said, "Then you're going to let them little babies nurse that old milk from her and die a horrible death." I said, "I guess so."

**34** So all day people coming and going; night come, she was still laying there. Well, Mr. Wood come up to get me away from the crowd, take me a little riding. Visions, making you weak. And I drove out in the country a little bit. After a while, when we come back about eleven o'clock, there lay the old mother opossum laying there. And anyone knows, if she was ever going to move, she'd move when the sun went down, she'd took off. But there she was laying there. And my wife said, "Billy, are you going to let her die like that?" I said, "I guess she's already dead." I said, "Look at them little babies nursing." Said, "They're starving." Said, "Probably they can't get no milk with her being dead." I kicked on her a few times, and the foot touching her; and I seen a little grin on the side of her face like, and I said, "She's not dead." We went in.

**35** Billy, my boy, he come in about midnight, been fishing. And he seen her laying there. All night long I couldn't get it off my mind. The next morning I went out real early, and I looked, and there laid my old opossum, dew all over her, those little ones still nursing. And I happened to look, standing by my side, and my little girl Rebekah... Very spiritual child, just saw her first vision just a little bit ago. And she said, "Daddy, what are you going to do with that old mother opossum? Is she dead?" I said, "I don't know, honey." I said, "You oughtn't to be out here that early. Run on in the house." I said, " [unclear words] just with her pajamas on." I said, "Run on in the house and go to bed. Daddy's coming back."

**36** I went into my den room. I sat down, begin to rub my forehead like that, my head down. I don't know what you think about this, that's up to you and God, but something said to me, "What are you going to do about her?" I said, "I don't know." I wasn't thinking. And I said, "Oh, I don't want to kill her." "Why," said, "you preached a sermon about her yesterday, of being a real mother." I said, "Yes, that's right." "Well," said, "she's laid at your door for twenty-four hours waiting for her turn to be prayed for, and you've never said a word about it." I said, "Well, I didn't know..." I said, "Who am I talking to anyhow?" I shook my head, and I thought, "That was a voice." And I thought, "O God, You guide the eagle through the pathless air; a sparrow cannot fall to the street without you knowing about it. You mean that you guided that poor ignorant opossum up to these steps here?" I said, "Forgive Your stupid servant."

**37** And I walked out there, and little Becky was still looking over the banister. And I went down there to where she was standing, or laying there. I said, "Lord God, forgive me. And if You wanted me to pray for this mother opossum, and You have guided her by instinct..." She doesn't have a soul because she's an animal. You know what? That opossum knowed more about God than a lot of preachers does. And she's laying there. And I said, "Lord God, forgive me, and let her be well." My Bible is laying open here before me. You might've read it in the Christian Businessmen. It went on the national press, the Associated Press. That old mother opossum raised up, gathered up her nine babies, walked out that road---just as happy as she could be, that tail turned sideways---and looked around at the gate as if to say, "Thank you, sir." And off to the woods she went with her babies. As far as I know, they're still in the woods, happily together. God knows that to be the truth. Oh, it's real love! "God so loved the world..." The world wants to see something genuine.

**38** And you people here tonight, God is ... He's depending on you to project His love to the sinner. There's something about a man or a woman, you are a miniature creator. Have you ever seen people that you just love to be around? It's the atmosphere they create around them. Others, nice people, but you just can't stand to be around them. They create that by the way they live and the way they think. It's a little atmosphere you live in.

**39** Just before closing I'd like to say this, just a little old story comes into my mind. As everyone knows, I love to hunt. And I used to hunt up in the North Woods, up in New Hampshire. Oh, I just love to get into the woods. There's something about them woods that's godly. How can a man look at a flower, or a tree, or a little brook running, and know there's no God? God lives in nature. What makes that tree up here in Virginia---got pretty leaves in the summertime---and what makes that sap run down out of that tree and run into the roots and hide for the winter? Put water on a stick and see if it'll go that way. It's God!

**40** What makes that little flower that you planted last summer that's dead...? Frost come and kill it, bowed its little head and gave up the spirit, they had a funeral procession. The October rains cried, and it buried the little seed. It's froze. The seed burst open, the pulp run out. Now there's no seed, pulp, nothing. But somewhere down in that ground, that science can't find, there's a germ of life hid; and enough sun rises in the east yonder, it'll live again. And if God so loved the flower that He made a way for it to live again, how much more has He made a way for a man that's made in His image to live again! God's in nature. He's in love.

**41** I would hunt the northern white-tailed deer with a friend of mine. He was good hunter. I loved to hunt with him. And he was a good tracker. You didn't have to think about him getting lost, and we'd travel over the mountains thirty miles a day. Up over the wind blows and everywhere, you didn't have to worry about him. He was always a good shot and a good tracker. I could hunt with him, but he was the meanest man I ever seen, just cruel-hearted. He would shoot little does and little fawns just to make me feel bad. You know how sinners are. It's just trying to show off, that's all. They do it today.

**42** People know how I hate to see a woman smoke cigarettes. And the devil sends those cigarette smokers [unclear words] around me just to show off. You don't show off, you just show what you're made out of. That's all. Now. And this guy... It's all right to shoot a fawn, if the law says you can have it; but not shoot a whole string of them just to be mean. The fawn's all right. Abraham killed a calf and God eat it. It's no harm. But to be evil with it... And he would like to do it just to make me feel bad. And one year when I went up there, he'd made himself a little whistle. And he could go just like a little baby fawn crying. And I said, "Burt, you're not going to use that!" He said, "Oh, Billy, get next to yourself. You preachers are chicken-hearted." I said, "No we're not, but we just don't have those evil things in us." He said, "Get next to yourself."

**43** And that day we hunted till about noon. There was snow on the ground about like there is now. We had not even seen a track. We come lunch time about... I was behind him. There was a little clearing, and he kind of hunkered down. (Now, you Southerners know what hunker down is.) And when he did, I thought he was going to take his lunch out. But what did he have? This little whistle. I thought, "He's not going to blow that." And he blew it. And to my surprise, not thirty yards away, a great big doe stood up. Now, a doe is a mother deer. I could see the great veins in her face, those big brown eyes, and graceful-looking ears. She stood up. She looked. Now, that's unusual at that time of day. Any hunter well knows that. And he blew again. And she stepped out into the open. That's altogether contrary to the nature of the deer, to show himself in the open like that, in hunting season. And she was looking. What was the matter? She was a mother. Her baby was in trouble.

**44** And Burt looked up to me with that real sheepish-looking grin. I thought, "Oh, surely, Burt, you're not going to do that." And I seen him pull back the lever, throw a shell up into that 30.06. And he leveled down the gun. And when he did, the deer saw the hunter. She staggered. She looked, but she stood still then. Usually they'll run away. But what was it? It was her baby in trouble. She wasn't putting that on. It was real genuine mother love. And she seen the hunter. And I seen him level that rifle down. He was a dead shot. And I thought, "Burt, you surely can't do that." I thought, "In another second he'll blow her heart plumb out the other side," just standing that close. And she was watching. Yet death was facing her, she still was a mother. There was a real love in her. Her baby was in trouble. If it meant her life, she still walked out to face danger. She was looking for that baby.

**45** I couldn't watch it. I knowed just any moment he would blow her to pieces. I turned my head, and I thought, "O God, how can he be so brutal?" And I was listening to hear the gun go off. I waited and I waited. There was no fire. I looked around, and the gun barrel was going like this. And he turned and looked at me. He threw the gun on the ground, and he grabbed me by the leg. He said, "Billy, I've had enough of it. Lead me to that Jesus that you know." Right there on that snow bank I led that cruel-hearted man to Christ, which is a lovely saint tonight. What was it? Because he found something real, a real love that could be displayed in the face of death.

**46** My friend, that's what God wants tonight. That's what Christians ought to be tonight, to display the love of Jesus Christ regardless of what the circumstances is. Think of it. As a Christian you might belong to the finest church there is in this country, but has God ever come to your heart to give you love that would stand in the face of people who called you holy-roller? You'd take your stand with the church of the living God. If they said you'd lost your mind because you'd accept Him as your healer, you'd still stand and give praises to God. Is that love in you? If not, sinner friend and backslider, God's here to give it to you. Think of it while we bow our heads. Just before we pray, I want to ask a question. I want you to think sincerely. "Oh," you say, "Brother Branham, I've been a Christian for a long time." Maybe you've joined church a long time ago. Maybe you might have danced in the Spirit some time ago. You might've spoke in tongues some time ago. You might've been baptized by a certain creed in the church. You might burn a candle every night and say a rosary. But I want to ask you something: Really, do you love Him that you could display His love if it stood between you and death to do so?

**47** I want all that's in here that really knows... Be sincere, because you're in the presence of God. All that's in here that knows you haven't got that love in your heart, but you want God to give it to you, would you just raise your hand to Him. That's right. God bless you. Sure. Hundred and fifty, two hundred, I guess, say three hundred hands up. "God give me that love. Give to me the love of Christ like that mother deer had, to display her love for her baby." You say, "Brother Branham, is the love of God greater than that?" Far greater. "A mother may forget her suckling baby, but never could I forget you. Your names are engraved on the palms of My hands." Sure, by a Roman spike. "God so loved the world that He gave His Son." Would there be some more who's made up your mind since then? God bless you here, sonny. God bless you, lady. God bless you, sir. That's right.

```
Isaiah 49:15 Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.

Isaiah 49:16 Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me.

John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

```
**48** Someone else that hasn't raised their hands: "God, be merciful to me." Say, "Does it do me any good if I raise my hand, Brother Branham?" Sure. If you mean it, a change from death to life. God bless you, sir. Be sincere now. God bless you, little boy. Some more up in the balcony. Yes, God be with you. God give... God bless you there, brother. "Give me life, God." Bless you. I'm a church mem... God bless you, and you sister, and you sister. "I'm a church member, Brother Branham [God bless you] , but I haven't yet got that love. There's no need of me to be thinking it, because I haven't got it; but I want something real." God bless you, brother here against the wall. Out in the vestibule, would you raise your hand anywhere along there? Sinner friend, or backslider, or just a cold lukewarm church member. Say, "Be merciful." God bless you, sir. That takes a real man to do it. God bless you, brother.

**49** Say, "Does God see?" Sure, He sees you. God bless you, young man. Fifteen-year-old. "God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son." And we today... God bless you here, young man. We just try to join church, and we maybe shout a little, or dance a little, or speak with tongues. That's all right. I have nothing against that. But, brother, if you haven't got the love of God to go with that, it's no good. Paul said, "Where there's prophecies, it'll fail; where there's tongues, it'll cease; where there's knowledge, it'll vanish. But that which is perfect is love. When it comes, it'll endure forever."

```
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

1 Corinthians 13:8 Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.

1 Corinthians 13:10 But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.

```
**50** Men trying to write songs, they go insane. No one... One wrote one time: If we with ink the ocean fill, And were the skies of parchment made; With every stalk on earth a quill, And every man a scribe by trade; To write the love of God above Would drain the ocean dry; Nor could scroll contain the whole, Though stretched from sky to sky. When the earth is staggering (like a man coming home drunk) by atomic power shaking her, when the oceans has wept theirself into deserts, and seeing that it reached the ears of God, and the stars refuse to shine, the love of God will still be the same. It can never fail.

**51** God so loved you that He gave His Son, that you might be saved and filled with His Spirit, and have His love projected into your heart by the Holy Ghost. Make you love everybody. That's the reason Christians have their ups and downs the way they do. Why, you could be on a house top no matter what condition you're in. If you love God, you know where you stand. Is there another now before prayer? God bless you, lady up in the balcony. God bless you, sir. God bless you, friend. That's right. All right. With our heads bowed. God bless you down here, lady. I just thought, "Maybe a minute longer." You say, "Brother Branham, what does that mean when you raise your hand?" It means this: you defy every law of science.

**52** Science says your hands must hang down. Gravitation holds your hands down. But you raised your hand up. How did you do it? You broke the scientific rule, because there's a spirit in you. There's a spirit in you, and that spirit made a decision that you were wrong; and you raised your hand to your Creator. Don't you think He don't know it. "No man can come, except My Father draws him: and all that comes, I will give him everlasting life and raise him up at the last day." It's death and life when you raise your hand to Him---if you really mean it. "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has eternal life, and shall never come to judgment; but is passed from death unto life." Raise your hand and say, "Lord, I now believe that Jesus Christ is God's Son. Give me the kind of love, the agapao love, that I really need; and I accept it in Christ's name."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**53** Heavenly Father, Thou did see the great host of hands that's been spread up towards the skies. And I'm sure that the recording angels are standing near; for I know that You're near, and You said, "The angels of God are encamped about those [They don't leave, they just stay there. They make camp there.] about those who fear Him, and love Him." And now, Lord, I pray that You'll receive each one of them as the fruits of the message tonight, and may they be peacefully and faithfully taken through life. And in that day when death strikes, whenever it may be, may the angels of God bear their soul across Jordan to the other side in the bosom of God, where they'll be kept forever. Grant it, Lord.

```
Psalm 34:7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.

```
**54** Take care of them. They're Yours. They are the fruits of the message, and You are giving them to Your Son, the Lord Jesus, as love gifts. Your love was sent forth to the meeting tonight. It projected weeping sinners, backsliders, that raised their hands. Now, You present them to Christ, for they are love gifts; and He promised He'd give them everlasting life and raise them up at the last day. May they have a display of love from this night on, the real love of God, like the old mother deer did, that we just talked about. Grant it, Lord. For I commit them unto Thee in the name of Jesus Thy Son. Amen.

**55** [Gap in the audio.] ... Does the Bible say that He is now, right now, a High Priest that could be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? Did He say, "A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet ye shall see Me"? Who's "ye"? "The world" is the unbeliever. Who's "ye"? His church. "Ye shall see Me, for I [personal pronoun] will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." How many knows that? "The things that I do shall you also." You all believe that? All right. Then when the... He never did that sign before one Gentile, just Jew and Samaritan. Why? This is ... that was the end of the Jewish age. This is the end of the Gentile age. That was His sign as Messiah.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**56** If He's raised from the dead, He's obligated to do the same thing now that He did then, or He did wrong when He did it then. When the circumstances arise... Listen close. When the circumstances arise, and the way God acts the first time, He has to act every time the same way, or He acted wrong when He acted the first time. Right. So if that's the way He made Himself known then, promised He would do it to the Gentiles... Look through the history; it's never been until now. Gentiles, you're getting your last call. Let us pray.

**57** Now, Lord, the rest is to You. I can only speak Thy Word, and I pray that You'll manifest Yourself tonight as the risen Son of God, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Grant it, Lord. And then at the end time, we pray that every soul that's here tonight will be safely cared for, taken over the river of death, raised up in the last days with our Lord---who we shall sit with Him, and live with Him, and be with Him forever. And now, we know You're here. You said, "Wherever two or three are gathered in My name, I'll be in their midst." Now, Lord, we pray that You'll manifest Your Being here tonight. For we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**58** Where was we calling from? What? Y? All right, prayer cards Y. We've been calling, I believe first night to 25, then to 50, and then 30 or something. Let's... Y. Prayer cards Y. It's a little card. Got a Y on it. Now, if you're not called, hold your card. We'll get to it. Let's start from... Let's just skip around in the whole bunch of them, mix them all up tonight. Just get some from one place and some another. How many did you give out? Hundred. All right. All right. Let's start from Y number 1. Who has number 1? Anybody has prayer card Y number 1? Raise up your hand. Where's it at? Would you come here, lady, to where I am. Y number 2. Would you hold up your hand? Y number 2. The lady back here. Now, the boys bring them down and mix them all up. Give them out to the audience. The old timers, the ones that's been here before, knows how we do it. We come down here and mix the cards all up. Give them to anybody that wants them. Nobody knows where the prayer line's going to start, till we get right here each night. Then sometimes we start one place or another, and mix them up and everything.

**59** All right. Y number 2, number 3? Y number 3, would you hold up your hand? Number 3, the man. Number 4, would you hold up your hand? Y number 4? The gentlemen way back there. Would you come here, sir. All right. See, they are all over the building. Y number 5, would you hold up your hand? Y number 5. Right there at the end. Come here, sir. All right, let's stop now. Let's go somewhere else. Let's go to Y-50. Who has Y-50? Hold up your hand, Y-50. Anywhere in the building? In the back? Somebody says in the back. Stand... Oh, here you are. All right, sir, come here. Y-50, Y-51? All right. Y-51, Y-52, would you hold up your hand? 52, 53, 53? All right. Come right here. 54? Y-54, 55? Y-55, hold up your hand. I don't see it. All right let's leave the fifties then. Let's go to ... let's say Y-95. Who has Y-95? Raise up your hand. Y-95. Here. All right. Ever where it is, come. 96? 96? All right. 97? 97 please. 98? 99? 100? That just mixes them all up, all through the... We don't care who stands; it's just the idea of getting someone here to the platform.

**60** Now, I'm going to ask you something. Now, do you realize the position where I stand? I preached a Gospel sermon. Not so much on divine healing, because the main thing is the soul before God. That's what we're here for, is to get people saved, get them right with God. Divine healing is just a benefit that goes with your life insurance policy. It's just a benefit. David said, "Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all of His benefits." How many knows that? Who what? "Forgives all your iniquity, who heals all your diseases." Did He say that? That's a benefit that goes with it. Now, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I want to know how many of you believe that. The way He was yesterday, principle, power, action, words, and everything, He's got to be the same today if He is the same. How many knows that? All right. He is the same, yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Psalm 103:2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**61** Now, if you'll be real reverent just for a little bit; don't move around now, just sit real still. How many in here that does not have a prayer card, wants God to heal you? Raise your hand, does not have a prayer card. There's no way of telling just where is where, and who's who. All right. If you'll look this way, if the anointing of the Angel of the Lord comes, Christ... How many seen the picture of it now? Got the picture here. All right. It's here in Washington, DC. [Unclear words] . The only supernatural Being was ever proved by the FBI, or anything else, to be scientifically proved that a supernatural Being had its picture taken.

**62** A pillar of fire that led the children of Israel... How many knows that pillar of fire was Christ? You Bible readers. How many know when He was here on earth He said, "I come from God and I go to God"? How many knows that? And when He went back to God, Paul met Him after His resurrection on the road to Damascus. What was He? A pillar of fire again, a light that put his eyes out. Is that right? Peter, while he was praying, He come as a light through the prison, went in and delivered him---opened the gates in front of him and took him out. Is that right? He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What will it do? Any spirit, anything, any life, will bear record of itself. Now, if that Angel of God who's picture you see here, if that Angel of God is of Christ, it'll bear the works of Christ. How many knows that? It'll bear the works of Christ. If it don't bear the works of Christ, then it isn't Christ. If I had the spirit of John Dillinger, I'd have guns, I'd be a notorious character. Whatever spirit you are, that's what bears your record.

```
John 16:28 I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

Acts 9:8 And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.

Acts 9:9 And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 12:10 When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**63** Now, if I said I could heal you, I'd be telling you something wrong. I cannot heal you. What is it? It's a gift that I have that God gave me, not somebody lay hands on me. That don't work. Gifts and callings are without repentance. You're born with them, in all your life. The Bible said so, see. Moses was born a prophet. John the Baptist, 712 years before he was born, he was a voice of one crying in the wilderness. God told Jeremiah, "Before you was even conceived in your mother's wombs, I knew you, sanctified you, and ordained you a prophet to the nations," see. God's election, calling. Not that you're any better than anybody else; we're all the same. We're just children, but God has chose some to be one thing and some another. And if you pick where God chose you, then you can yield yourself, and that spirit will work through you. Just like these ministers here. Well, they're called preachers. They don't get up here to preach. They're... I'm not a preacher. I wouldn't say I was a preacher, because I have no education. But some men there could get up here and preach, their preaching is inspired. They yield themselves to the Spirit of God. They have a way of doing that.

```
Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**64** First is what? Apostles. Then prophets, then teachers, then evangelists, then pastors. Everybody knows that. That's the offices of the church. God set them. Now, if our contention is right and Jesus Christ is raised from the dead, and this is a gift to yield so He'll work, He'll bear His record. Here stands a woman. I've never seen her in my life. How many in here is total strangers to me, raise up your hand. Totally stranger, I don't know you. All in the prayer line that I don't know, raise up your hand. All right. There we are. Total strangers. Don't know no one. The lady raised her hand; I'll raise my hand. We've never met. Now, walk right out here just a minute. I want the audience to see. Now, this is not in a dark room, as the devil would do. This is right out here before you all. God's a God of light. He lives in light. He is a consuming fire.

```
Deuteronomy 4:24 For the LORD thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

Hebrews 12:29 For our God is a consuming fire.

1 John 1:5 This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.

```
**65** Now, the lady and I never have seen each other. I don't know her; she don't know me. You say, "Brother Branham, what are you stalling for?" For that Angel of the Lord. If He doesn't anoint, then I can do nothing. It's Him. If I get myself from talking on the Word, yielded to the Spirit, then it works. Now, if I said to the women... She might be an infidel, she might be a hypocrite, she might be a prostitute, she might be a saint, she might be sick---I don't know nothing about her, I've never seen her. But God does know her. Now, whatever she is, if I walked up to her and said, "Lady, you're sick"; "Yes"; "Praise the Lord, you're going to be healed" ---she's just got my word for that. She said, "He could've guessed that." But if the Holy Spirit will go back down in her life and tell her something, whether she knows ... she'll know whether that's right or not. Then that'd have to be God. It'd have to be. Jesus said He would... He did that. Every one of the true worshipers believed He was the Son of God, because He did that.

**66** The apostles finally said this: "We believe now that You are the Son of God. You have no ... You know all things, have no need that any man should teach You, and by this [perceiving their thoughts and knowing these things] we know that You were sent from God." Jesus said, "Do you now believe?" After all those things that He had did. Now, if the lady, knowing this now, if the Lord Jesus will perform the same thing here that He did at the well of Samaria, how many of you will believe with all your hearts? All right. Now, stand right back here because I don't know how loud my voice is. Now, ever who's operating that there, watch, 'cause when the anointing of the Holy Spirit comes, I don't know how loud... It's in another world and you're speaking and you can't tell.

```
John 16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

John 16:31 Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?

```
**67** Be real reverent. Let the lady be the judge. If anybody... Anybody here know this woman? Is there anybody in the building? Yes, there's people back up there in the back that know her. All right. People that knows her. All right, you know whether this is true or not. Let's just pray now. Be real reverent. You realize where I'm standing. I'm trying to represent the God that loves you, trying to bring courage to you to love Him, and to stay with Him, and to believe on Him, and trust Him. That's all He does it for. He don't have to do it, but He does it, that His Word might be fulfilled. He didn't heal back there because He had to, but that it might be fulfilled. This is the same.

**68** Of course seeing you with a Bible in your hand---'course you could just be stalling with that, but you're not. You're a Christian. You're a believer. Now, I do not know you. But now, just as Jesus spoke at the well, at the well, for the woman at the well, rather ... then you're aware that something taken place right then, see. That's right. Did you see the picture of that, lady? That's just what's making you feel the way you are. If the audience could only see, in the lady there's a light standing between she and I. Now, she seems to be moving from me, slowly. She's suffering with a tremendous nervous condition that she wants me to pray for. That is true. Now, I believe that the woman was shaking. I seen her. She does that quite often. She's that way... She's been that way for sometime. It started with the menopause, because she's a younger-looking woman when it started, see. Now, just a moment, let's talk to her a little more and see if anything else, see. Yes, besides that, you've got a trouble that's pains in your side, and you got an internal trouble. And that internal trouble is an intestinal condition, and you've had an operation for that, and that's what caused you pain. You're not from this city. You come from another city. That's Richmond. Go home, Jesus Christ makes you well. If He knew what was, He surely will know what will be.

**69** How do you do? Everyone reverent now, real reverent, please. Just keep your seats now, just be praying. Are we strangers to each other, lady? We are? This is our first time meeting. God knows us both. If He will reveal to me like He did in the Bible through His Son, Jesus... And now His Son was ... died so that the Spirit could come back on sinners like me and you, to do the work of God, to continue the work. You believe that? He said, "I am the vine, ye are the branches." Now, the vine doesn't bear fruit, the branch bears fruit; and the branch will bear the same kind of life that's in the vine. That's true, isn't it? Now, if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, He will reveal it.

```
John 15:4 Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.

John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**70** You are suffering with something that's hurting you in the front part here, in the chest. It's under your right side. It's a gall bladder trouble. Not only that, but you've got a stomach trouble. That's because of an over secretion of acid. And you're not from this city. You're not from this state. A place ... Maryland. You are ... your name is Mrs. Bessie Worthington. That's it. Now, go on your road home and rejoice and be happy. [Unclear word] . Do you believe? Just have faith in God. Be real reverent. Only believe, God will grant it for you.

**71** Now, you out there in the audience is just the same. You start looking this way. Don't doubt. Get the superstitions away now, and say, "Lord God, that preacher just told me according to Your Word that You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. I'm not up there, I haven't a prayer card, I don't have no prayer card; but he said that You was a High Priest, the same yesterday, today, and forever, and that I could touch You with the feeling of my infirmities. So, Lord Jesus, I believe what the man said is true; and I'm coming to You now, and You prove it to me that You are the same. And I'm going to ask You to ask ... to say to Brother Branham, turn around and tell me something about myself, sitting out here in the audience." Anywhere in the building, be sincere now, see if He'll do it. Just be sincere. Don't doubt.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**72** How do you do, sir? The Lord Jesus Christ knows us. To me you're a stranger. Far as I know, I've never seen you in my life. But God knows both of us. But if the Lord God will reveal to me what your trouble is, will you accept it, sir? Somebody touched Him. There is a spirit that's on this man that's on someone else in here. It's a child, a little boy. He keeps appearing here: double rupture. The child is sitting right there. You have a rupture too. That's exactly right. See, that spirit, that thought he could get by with that. See how those demons trying to pull one to another, try to scream for help? I followed that black streak and seen it.

**73** Now, you were sitting there praying, wasn't you, sir? You said, "If God..."---just what I told you. That's it. Now, don't doubt; believe. Yes, sir. You have a rupture. And I seen somewhere... It seems like you're under a surgery or something. It's a prostate trouble. You've had an operation for it---a prostate trouble. You're not from this country either. Looks like Maryland to me. I see a man by you that's praying for you. He's a tall fellow, stooped over, wearing glasses. You are a minister, and it's a brother that's praying for you, who is a minister. And you are Reverend D. T. Park. That's right. Sir, go, and God be with you.

**74** Have faith in God. You, lady, that just then felt the Spirit of God in you. That high blood pressure you've been praying for. You believe right then [unclear words] anointing, it'll leave you. What did she touch? Who did she touch? The High Priest. Not me, she's too far from me. Do you believe, everyone of you? She touched the High Priest that could be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**75** How do you do, sir? I suppose we're strangers to each other. This our first time meeting, is it? What do you think, lady? Do you believe this to be the truth? Yes? Do you think God will heal you of that diabetes? that paralyzed condition? Stand up on your feet and be made well now. Do you believe? All things... Just believe it.

**76** Sir, if Jesus Christ has raised from the dead, and is the same yesterday, today, and forever ... to heal you I could not. To help you... And if I could and wouldn't do it, I'd be an awful person. I wouldn't have the love that I've been preaching about tonight. No, I'd better go get it myself, before I tell others. But He has presented Himself to His church. No matter how much He had me anointed, if you didn't believe it, it would never work. It's not me doing this; it's your own faith doing this. It's your faith believing God that does it. Like it was in the Son of God, because He had the Spirit without measure, I just got a little spoonful of it. Like a spoonful of water out of the ocean, but the same chemical in the spoonful is in the whole ocean---the same kind. But He was the Son of God; I'm a sinner saved by grace. But He promised He'd do this, and He keeps His Word.

```
John 3:34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

```
**77** You are wanting me to pray for a condition of your ... that's bothering your eyes. It's a skin condition has broke out over you, and it's going to your eyes, is hindering your eyes. That's true. You're not from this country either. You're from a place ... it's North Carolina. And your name is Sister C. T. Campbell. Now, return home and get well. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible." How do you do, sir? This is our first time meeting, I suppose? I've never seen you before, but God knows you, doesn't He? Do you believe me to be His servant? Yes, sir, what you're doing here. God bless you. You've been shadowed to death, because you're real weak now, and you've had an operation just in the last week or two; and that was a cancer, and that cancer was on the glands. Do you believe? Not only that, but a woman appears by your side. She's here tonight. I feel her now, pulling. That's your wife, and she's all swollen up, and she's scared cancer too. Go, put your hands on her, and both of you be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**78** Are you believing? How do you do? I suppose you're a Mennonite brother, with your coat. I appreciate your stand for Christ. I have hundreds of Mennonite friends. Would you happen to know Paul Boyd? You don't. He's a very good friend of mine, many other of the brethren that's Mennonite. I never will forget, at Ft. Wayne one night I was having a service. A Mennonite girl was playing the piano, and they brought a little boy to me, was crippled. The Holy Spirit had been telling him about the condition that caused it. And while it pronounced him well, the Mennonite girl was playing "The Great Physician Now Is Near." And the little boy jumped out of my arms and run off the platform, and the mother fainted, the girl jumped up; and those ivory keys continually played "The Great Physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus." Hundreds and hundreds swept to the altar. Christ still lives.

**79** We are strangers to each other. God knows us both. If the Lord God will reveal to me what you are wanting of Him, would you believe He'd give it to you? Thank you, sir. Then I pray that you get what you ask for. You're not here for yourself; you're here for somebody that's not here. It's a woman, and she's dying with cancer. That's "Thus saith the Lord." You believe now? You can have what you've asked. Do you believe with all your heart? Just a moment. Something happened in the audience. Seeming there's a [unclear words] . Yes it did. This woman sitting right in here, kind of red face, she's praying. She's got sinus trouble, and she wants the Lord to heal her. You accept Him as your healer, sister. You do? If you do, you can have what you've asked Him for, if thou canst believe.

**80** God bless you. Here. I believe the woman missed it, because the angel left her right away. It goes to another sitting right here on the end that's got colitis. Do you believe God will heal you of that colitis? All right, you have your healing. Now, it left and went from one to another [unclear words] . Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Everyone of you could be healed. Do you believe that? Right behind the woman, sitting the third person in right on the back row, you're praying. You've got something wrong with your neck. Do you believe that God will heal you? Raise up on your feet then. You have your healing. God bless you.

**81** I challenge you in Christ's name to believe it. Do you believe it? Now, do this then. Lay your hands over on each other. Let's just pray, all here, everyone. Lay your hands right now. That's it. Just get in the spirit of worship. Lord God, in Jesus Christ's name I condemn the devil [unclear words] . Come out of here, Satan. Leave the people alone.
