---
Date: 1951-05-03
Title: As I was with Moses
DayOfTheWeek: Thursday
Location: the Calvary Temple in Los Angeles, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 30 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# As I was with Moses



**1** Thank you, Brother [unclear name] . Sorry I was late. Good evening, friends. I'm awfully sorry I was late tonight. I just was praying, and got just kind of caught away. I just seemed like I couldn't get away from it. And I happened to look up, and I said, "Oh, my." And my little boy had been walking up-and-down the streets. And he said, "Daddy, where have you been?" He thought something had happened to me. But I'm very happy to be in, and to minister to the people again tonight. And I wish to make ... [Gap in the audio] right straight to the prayer line.

**2** Today, God has seemed to deal with me today upon some serious things. I've always wanted a place where I could pray for many people. It's always been a defect, seemed like, in my meeting to try to get the people... (Thank you, brother.), to try to get the people to believe the ... just to accept God. And I understand today that some brother that had a paralyzed arm. That was just straightened out for him. Now, a man that's been paralyzed for... There he is there, waving his arm back there. I guess he's just testified... That's wonderful. That paralyzed arm, waving. Now, that's the way. That's the purpose of my meetings. See? I... It isn't a self-glory. It isn't nothing that I can do. I just try to introduced to you the One that's out there among you now (See?), to do the healing out there. It's nothing a personal something that I had to do; it's Him that's right where you're setting right now. He's right by you. It's faith in Him. But it's been so hard to get people to believe that, to real... When they see one coming to the platform and get ministered to, and see the faith of the person build right up like that and be healed, then they all want to ... they just won't accept it out there; that's all. They just... It's hard for them to do.

**3** And today I have wondered and prayed today. And last evening, someone told me, said, "Another brother would pray for five hundred people while I was praying for five." Well, maybe that's right. Maybe that's the way the Lord wants the brother to do it. And I've always thought instead of personal contact with the people, if I could get them, not so much in contact with myself, but in contact with Jesus... That's the way. I want them to come in contact, because I'm just as your brother. There's nothing about me that could help you. And it's Him. And He's right over you just everywhere, just like the air that's in this room here, the Holy Spirit is.

**4** And now, I'm very thankful that God is confirming that what I have--or, have spoken to be the truth. Now, there's the brother that was in the meeting yesterday, a paralyzed man, today, a well man. I never touched him or nothing. He looked up here on the platform; he seen the Holy Spirit doing signs and wonders out there. He just said in his heart, no doubt, "That's what I... Why, Holy Spirit, You healed me too. So I'll just accept You." And there it was. And that's happened. The congressman, Brother Upshaw here, who was crippled for sixty-six years. I never even touched the man in no way. I just stood here. I did see a vision of the man; that is true. And then he just accepted what I said. That was all. There he is; he's walking. See? I never had nothing to do with it. His faith in the Lord Jesus Christ is what made him whole. That's right. See? "Thy faith has saved thee." And when faith come, he wasn't afraid, and put the works with them. And so faith without works is dead. See?

```
Luke 7:50 And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

James 2:17 Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.

James 2:20 But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?

James 2:26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.

```
**5** And thinking... Some of them said, "Well, so many people come, though, Brother Branham," someone said to me, "for you to pray for them. Well, [Gap in the audio] they want you to pray for them. No matter, you don't have to have ... take so much time with each one, just so you have a prayer for them. That's what they want you to do, is pray for them." Well, I can... I can do that. I just... Anything that your faith looks to; that's what I'll do. I... As long as it's in Christ Jesus. You know, one time, it's different people. Of where maybe that this man could receive his ... from his paralyzed arm, healing, just by believing what I've told him to be truth.

**6** If the people could see this and believe this, that I would not tell you anything wrong willfully. God knows my heart. And I wouldn't do that for nothing, because I would have to answer for it. And I would be just truthful and honest with you. So therefore, when I say that Jesus has already healed every one of you... When He died at Calvary, He healed every one. He atoned right there. That's when your ... when the debt was paid for sin and sickness, and all the attributes of sin. Now, sin is the cause of sickness. Before we had any sin, we had no... Now, sickness is either a direct or indirect cause by sin from the fall. Maybe nothing you done, something your parents done, you just inherited their weaknesses and so forth. I... For instance, my father drink, and was a terrible drinker. Well, I would've been a drinker, but the Blood of Jesus Christ cleansed me from that. See? I never drink in my life and don't crave it. But... And all of my people used tobacco, every one of them both chewed and smoked, most of them. And why, I, by nature... Just like a grain of corn, it'd have to be... If it's a grain of yellow corn, it'll be yellow corn, unless there's a conversion made. Well, I never did smoke in my life, and never even craved it. But the blood of Jesus Christ did that. See? See?

**7** Now, that's the same thing. If you have a inbred weakness from some sickness that you inherited from your peoples back in the generations, which each one growing weaker and wiser; the blood of Jesus Christ atoned for that at Calvary. You've got a right to accept it and be healed. That's what... See? Now, sickness is an attribute of sin. It's just one of the things that come because of sin. Now, if you've done something in your life that you know that's wrong, well you make that right. That's usually the cause here at the platform, is to trace down and find out something in their life there, that they did that caused them not to be able to be healed until they are--until they make that right. And then when they make that right with God, then God will heal them. See what I mean? God will heal them if they'll--if they make that right. Now, I... That's what... But if you know in your own heart whether you've done something wrong or not, don't you? And so you make it right anyhow.

**8** Now, it is the truth that when the appearing and the commission that was given... Let me repeat this slowly now so that you'll surely understand. I never heard Brother Hall's sermon tonight. I just got here. Sometimes I hear a portion of it when I'm standing back there. But he told me he was going to explain to the people. Now, when He met me, He told me that I was born in this world to take this to the people, to pray for sick people. And if I would get them to believe me, and be sincere when I prayed, that no disease would stand before the prayer, not even to cancer. Now, that is true. And then I questioned the supernatural Being that was speaking with me, the Angel of the Lord, who said that He was sent from the presence of God. And He told me that I'd have great congregations of people across the world, and would pray for kings and monarchs. I have: kings of the world. And praise the Lord they were healed, see. That's...

**9** Now, it was hard for me, with a seventh grade education, and just a local game warden working for a living with some children to take care of a living in a two room cabin. How was I to ever--to meet kings and monarchs, and great men of the world; and congregations from east, west, north, and south to come to see me to be prayed for. That was more than... That shock at that time, that my faith could comprehend. Then He said to me... I said, "Sir, they wouldn't believe me. Why, I couldn't talk." And that's true yet. I can't talk a real good conversation with people, because I'm not educated enough. My... I was coming down the elevator of the hotel that I'm staying in. I believe it was last night. I was saying something to an elderly woman there. There was a big fellow standing there, said, "You sure from Texas." Said, "Your talk sure sounds like you're..." I said, "My mother was. I'm from the south." But I just can't... There's just no... I haven't got the ability to make a speech even. And sometimes at a ministerial's dinner and so forth, I just let my manager, some of them, talk, because I can't--to make a sensible talk to the people in a way that educated men like that should talk to one another. That's the reason someone comes to the platform and introduces the things, is because that I ... my ability is not enough for that.

**10** But He told me that He would give me... When I told Him that the people would not believe me... How would a king or a monarch, or an educated person. Most of them that looks to wisdom in the--of the world, and talents of that type, listen to a man that talked like me? They wouldn't do that. And so I said, "They won't believe me." He said, "As the prophet Moses was given two signs to vindicate his being sent of God (See?)," said, "so will you be given." Now, that was something not in the educational realm, but out in the Supernatural realm. See, see? And said, "The first thing, you'll know diseases by taking people by the hand. And then it'll come to pass, that you'll know the very secrets of their hearts, and the things that's happened in their life, and be able to tell them from the beginning to the end." And said, "They'll believe this." Well, I said, "I will go." He said... He first He said, "I'll be with you." And I said, "I will go." And the Light gathered up around the Angel; the Angel went up in the light; the light kept whirling in the room, and went out of the room. And I'm... That's all I can say. That's all I know.

**11** And I've been going forth, and have almost covered the world now. And the message has been... When He said He'd be with me, He has been at the platform, He's done great things. I do not say that everyone I prayed for was healed. No, now don't get that. No. But I say that everyone has ever come has been told what was wrong with them, and the things of their life, and so forth like that. If I would set and talk to them a little while... Now, the great complaint... There's no question about that; that's known everywhere. The great complaint that I hear, that I don't minister to enough people. Well, maybe I've got too much on the other side. Maybe I have.

**12** I've thought this: If I could pray and God would do something here in the Supernatural realms to let you know that He was present, and then surely you would take my word for it, see. You'd take my word. And then I'd tell you He was out there and would heal any of you that would confess His--Him to be your Healer. Remember, He can never do nothing for you until first, you say He's done it; believe Him, and accept it, and testify of it. Did you know that? He's the High Priest of our what? Confession. Hebrews 3:1. Now, He's sitting at the right hand of the Father, to make intercession upon our confession. See, we've got to believe it, accept it, and confess it. And He's before the Father to make good anything that we confess in the redemptive blessings, of course.

```
Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

Hebrews 1:3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;

Hebrews 7:25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

Hebrews 8:1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;

```
**13** Now, Jesus said, "Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe you receive them, and it shall be given to you." Is that right? "And verily, verily, I say unto you, if you should say to this mountain in your heart, be cast--plucked up and cast away (or removed) and doubt it not (but now watch), but believing that those things that you say shall come to pass, you'll have it." See? "Whatsoever he saith..." See? Whatsoever you confess. If you, in your heart tonight... If you're... If you're dying with heart trouble, if you've got cancer, if you with the appropriated faith... If you believe with all your heart, and just something is anchored there that says, "I believe Jesus Christ. I believe Him with all my heart, and I now accept Him as my Healer, and I believe that He heals me." And from your soul believe that, then say, "I am healed."

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Matthew 21:21 Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

```
**14** Let him that's weak say, "I am strong." See? Just say in you heart that "I am now strong. I have now accepted Jesus as my Healer," and never have any negative testimony any more, just believe it, God is under obligation, or Jesus Christ is--sitting at the right hand of the Father to accept you; for He's setting there the High Priest of your confession to make good before the Father anything that He died for, that you're confessing that He done. There you are. Now, divine healing cannot be any plainer than that. It's to the weakest. You do it... Any... Remember, God's Word will defeat Satan anywhere, anyplace, any time, and any condition.

**15** When Jesus of Nazareth... I believe the--that the Father was in Him, that all the great things that was the Father's was given unto His Son, all the great blessings and gifts; for He was just expressed image of the Father. And in Him dwelled all the richness of God dwelling in Him here, looking up. And I... He said, "I and My Father are One. My Father dwelleth in Me." Just as Jehovah... Just what Jehovah was, Jesus was. He was the expressed image of Him. He was God shaped out here, and all the powers of God formed into, and put in a human body. He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works." Now, He had all those fine gifts at His command. But when Satan found Him, He didn't use those gifts. When Satan said, "If Thou be the Son of God, change these stones to bread. Turn them into bread and eat, for You're hungry." He said, "It is written..." And he taken Him up on the pinnacle of the temple, and he gave Him Scripture. And he... Jesus said, "And it is also written..." And when he set Him up on top of the mountain and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world, said, "I'll give them to You." Jesus still never used His power. He said, "It is written... It is written..."

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:4 But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.

Matthew 4:5 Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple,

Matthew 4:6 And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:7 Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:4 And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.

Luke 4:7 If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:9 And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

Luke 4:10 For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:

John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**16** Now, in His first battle with Satan, He officially... Listen close now. He officially overcome Satan and all of his powers by the Word of God, the written Word of God. Now, these, our brethren, who's out on the fields tonight a praying for the sick; that's what they're doing. They're ministers. Every minister in here, any minister that believes in the Word of God could start a healing campaign, and has a right to. That's exactly right. If you feel led to do that, go do it. For it's this a way, friends. You say, "Am I sure that I can be right, Brother Branham?" Don't go because I told you, but I'll give you general orders. Jesus, His last orders--and that's general orders from the headquarters, "Go ye into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature." Is that right? "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe; they'll lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover." Every called child of God, every minister that's ordained of God has a right for a healing campaign if he wants it. Go on, brother. I don't blame you.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.

Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**17** I was looking and seeing little groups here and there, that say, "Well, there's too many of them?" No there's not. Every one of them's having success some way. And every person can be healed, glory to God for it. That's right. Everyone, everyone... It's a good thing. Now, a few years ago when I started, there was none of that going on. And the only thing that this has done, and this supernatural, has wakened ministers out of the sense-bound realm into a place to where they see God is present. They take His Word; start a healing campaign; God heals the sick. You see what... [Gap in the audio.] That's just exactly. Search it through anywhere you want to, and see if there's anything any more Supernatural than that. That's right. But wonderful what God is doing. He started... He started a universal revival of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Now, we're very thankful for that.

**18** Now... Now, after the Word, and reliable men who's able, many, many times more able... There's ministers setting right here now, many of them that's a thousand times more qualified to speak that Word than I am. That's right. I don't know too much about it. I don't know the book; I know the Author right well. So I... But many of them are more qualified to speak the Word. And I love Him, and He ... we have just a personal contact. Well if I can't explain His book, He comes down upon my ignorant and illiterate being, and manifests Himself in another way, see, and it lets the people know that He's present. And He loves me and I love Him. Now, He's here tonight.

**19** And now, Brother Hall said, "Brother Branham, I believe the people are ... their faith is... They've seen so many..." And I say this with a humble heart. O God, have mercy upon my soul. And many people has come by. I seen the time when they just touch your clothes, or something. Now, that sounds like... If I'd speak that to unbelievers and critics, which I know is present, you'd think that... Now, you say, "I didn't know you were here." Oh, I did too. Certainly I know you're here. And so you say, "Now, he's trying to get somebody to touch?" No, dear brother. You're mistaken there. Far be that from me. God knows that. And I'm not here in California tonight because there's no other place to go. I'm not here trying to crowd in on someone else. I have a tabernacle at home where there's... If I'd start a meeting and announce it in the paper, there'd probably be three times the group that's setting here, standing there.

**20** Here a few nights ago, I was there for one night, and they couldn't even get the people for city blocks around, right at my own home. Why would I be here? Because I feel that God wants me to be here. That's right. That's why I feel like that I'm here. And I'm not... And the Word that I have spoke, our heavenly Father has confirmed them to be true. So I... There's nothing for me to worry about. If I die tonight, I... All right. It's okay. See? I don't want to die. I want to stay and live with my wife and family and children, and preach the Gospel to God's people until Jesus comes, if I can. And I'm not trying to get someone to touch my clothes. There's nothing to me. That's right. But to that person that believes that I've told them the truth, it'd be something to that man. That's right. There was no more virtue in that coat than there was in the brass serpent. But if your faith looks that way, that's what you ought to do. Isn't that right?

**21** To Jesus of Nazareth, as I said last night, the woman touched His garment, virtue went out. Another one put a rag around His face and spit on Him and hit Him, and hit Him on the head, said, "Prophesy." There's no virtue to them. One wo... man said one time, said, "Lord, I'm not worthy that You'd come into my house." Jesus said "I will go down to heal your son." He said, "I'm not worthy that You'd come into my house." He said, "I'm a man under authority. And I say to this man, 'do this'; and to this 'do this,' he doeth; and I say to this one 'come,' and he cometh."

```
Matthew 8:7 And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him.

Matthew 8:8 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.

Matthew 8:9 For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.

Matthew 26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Luke 7:6 Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:

Luke 7:7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

```
**22** Now see, that Roman recognized that Jesus of Nazareth had the authority over sickness, for he was a man in authority. And he knew what he said, it had to be, see. Now, he says to this man, if he's going that way, he said, "Come back this way," he has to do it. He has to, because he's in authority. Do you know whereof I'm talking about? All right. And he knowed Jesus had that much authority, and more, over sickness. He said, "I'm not worthy that such a holy Person as You would come under my roof. But I know what authority is. You just speak the Word, and my servant will live. Just speak the Word." And Jesus said, "As thou hast believed. All right, go, thy son liveth," and so forth. All right. That's His... That's His Word. And His written Word tonight is a seed that'll take life as soon as you believe His Word. It's just the same authority tonight over all sickness as it was then. And these Supernatural acts is to bring your faith back to Him, quicken it right quick (See?), make it quickened to Him. Now, but Jairus, he just couldn't see that when his daughter was die--dead. He said, "My daughter is dead. But come lay Your hands upon her." Now, if Jesus would've said, probably, "I'll speak the Word," Jairus couldn't hardly see Him speaking the Word. He wanted Jesus' hands to be laid upon him. And as soon as Jesus took the daughter by the hand, it confirmed his faith, and there it went. Is that right?

```
Matthew 8:13 And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.

Mark 5:22 And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,

Mark 5:23 And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.

Mark 5:41 And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.

Mark 5:42 And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.

Luke 8:41 And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house:

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

Luke 8:55 And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.

```
**23** Now, many people say, "Brother Branham, the Angel of the Lord told you to pray for the sick. And I want you to personally pray for me, and I'll get well." Now, that's right. That's what He told me. But I know He will do the other way. But tonight, I've wanted to get the prayer line with, maybe without the discerning part, and just pray for the sick. Oh, take them... Not pass them through a fast line where they have to go through like that, talk to the person and pray for the sick. And I believe we can get a great number of them prayed for tonight. And then, I'll do that if you'll do this with me. If you will believe that I have told you the truth. And if I ask God, you have faith in my prayer that God will hear my prayer, and you'll go out of here, and say, "Lord, I'm going to be well from right now. I'm going to believe it." Would you believe that? I want to see how much audience I got to believe that. Well that's wonderful. That's wonderful.

**24** I shall read a little Scripture here that's always come to me. And then at that time, we're going to start praying for the sick. Joshua, the 1st chapter, 2nd verse beginning. My servant Moses is dead; now therefore arise, and go over this Jordan, thou, and all the people, unto the land which I ... give unto them, even to the children of Israel. Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that I have given unto you, as I said unto Moses. From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea towards the going down of the sun, shall be your coast. There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. (You don't know what that meant to me when that--this first come to me. It's been my life.) Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their father to give them. Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or the left, that thou mayest prosper wheresoever thou goest. This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written ... that thy ways may prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee wheresoever thou goest. That's the Scripture that was ringed in my heart when I was sick. It's been something that's stuck to me since I was converted. I believe it with all my heart that God is here tonight, and that God is going to do great things.

```
Joshua 1:2 Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel.

Joshua 1:3 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses.

Joshua 1:4 From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.

Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

Joshua 1:6 Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.

Joshua 1:7 Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.

Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.

Joshua 1:9 Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

```
**25** I've kind of got to a place where I want to get more boldness. I want to take the initiative side, regardless of whether it's under the discernment, brother... I want to go forward and challenge the enemy in a bold... I'm more like a timid sort of a person. And I only try to work as I see the Spirit of God working. And then I speak, and that's... But that's not exactly of faith; that's seeing exactly what's going to happen before you say it. I want to step out with faith tonight. I want to come out with when something new that I haven't done before. Take the other side and say, "Satan, Jesus Christ sent me to do this. And you've got to leave the people." And just make a bold command without even seeing anything, believing it with all of my heart. And I believe God will confirm it, and great signs and wonders will be done. And I'm putting it to the test tonight. It's a new place.

**26** All my life, I've wanted to read that Scripture in my lesson--Scripture lesson, knowing that sometime, that God was ... what that meant to me. And tonight's been the time where I was going to come to the other side without the discernment, just going right out and pray for the people and command that spirit to leave the people that's got them bound; not knowing what it'll be, but put myself and them too out there on God's promise, and stay right with it. He's told me if I pray for the sick people, that they'd get well. And I believe it. I believe it. And tonight, as I just... I believe Satan's keeping me too coward. That's right. He's let me just hold that there. I believe God wants me to move right out. And I'm going to go right out and start praying for the sick, and pray for as many as I can stand here and pray for. And that's right.

**27** Now, the discernment's here. God is here. Oh, yes, He is. He's here. And I know the Angel of the Lord has been with me since over an hour ago. And I know that's true. The power of the Holy Spirit is right upon me now (That is true.), this Angel of the Lord, and He's here and can discern anything. And that's true. But then, not so much for that. I want you to come and let me pray for you. For He told me if I'd pray for the sick, and be sincere when I prayed, and get them to believe me, that nothing would stand before the prayer. I believe it. Now, I believe the hour is come when that's been confirmed enough. It's been here for two weeks or more. You've never seen It fail a time. And it never will fail, because It's of God. That's right.

**28** Now, my commission was to pray for the sick. And that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to pray for the sick, and just get as many as forty, fifty, or sixty through a night, maybe more than that, maybe a hundred of a night, and just pray for the people, stand here and have an individual prayer for each one. And then I want them to leave the platform rejoicing and believing what I've told them to be true. Now, I have spoke and God has confirmed. How many believes that's true, that He has confirmed what I have said? That's the truth. You bel... You know that, and now I want you to believe. But now, let's ... for instance, someone might say, "Well, I believe maybe the Spirit left Brother Branham, like this." No sir, I just told you from my heart, I'm stepping out on the other side to take the [unclear words] to claim my given rights from God. That He told me to pray for the people, and get them to believe it, and they'd be--get well. And I believe it with all my heart. Now, let us have prayer. Our heavenly Father, I believe that I am right tonight. I believe it with all my heart. I believe that You want me... And these people are setting here; they're looking, and they're just wanting to come here and be prayed for. And many of them has accepted what I have tried to tell them in Thy Word. Cripples that's been crippled for years and years, was crippled many many years before I ever come on the earth they were bed-fast and cripples, and tonight is a walking and well, and normal people. Your Word is confirmed, Father. Signs and wonders have been done. But it seems that the people are just a little anxious for me to ask You individually for each one. O Father, I pray that You'll heal the people tonight. Grant it. And speak to Thy servant. Now, Lord, if I am in Your will by doing this, may every one that I pray for tonight... Or I would say, Lord, knowing that many will come maybe that doesn't have faith, if You just let seventy or eighty percent of what I pray for tonight be back tomorrow night testifying it's--of a results that's happened to them, I'll go forward in faith, Lord, believing that I am moving according to Your will. I say not this for the audience to hear, but I'm speaking to You, Father, in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

**29** Who has believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed? Now, my little boy, I think, has give out... You give out prayer cards. We want to pray for all of them, every one... And I... Every one that I can pray for... Now, each afternoon they're given out, and at night. Now, we could start a prayer line and run a few up, bring a few under the discernment. It's here. God is here to grant this to us. But it isn't necessary. But how many here's got prayer cards, raise up your hands? Let's see you that's able. Well there's a group of you. Now, what number did you start with? 50? 51 to a 100. That would make fifty. And maybe then for... What is the number--what's the letter? O? All right. And maybe then after that... Is there anyone here that got old prayer cards from the night before, and the other nights back, let's see your hands? There's a group of them here. All right.

```
Isaiah 53:1 Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?

```
**30** Let's just have one or two up here, just to the platform, just that... I don't say they'd be healed, but that you might know the Lord is here to speak the things. Let's bring up prayer card... Now, I don't know your numbers. You're out there. Each one's got a number. Look on your prayer card with letter O, and let's bring up... What'd you say? 51? Let's bring up 63. Ever who's got prayer card 63, just to pull it out of the audience. Let someone out there... Look on the... Turn your card over there, you, and see if one of you, anybody here is got six... Have you? 63. Now, just a moment. Now, let us just pray now, that our Lord will be near. I'm going to pray for every one of you tonight, I believe. All right, now everyone reverent. All right. Is that the 63? All right. I just want to ... just to talk to the sister just a moment.

**31** Now, how many understands thoroughly that I... Let me speak this now. That our Lord Jesus commissioned me when I was born in this world to go pray for sick people. That's my life's allotted to me to do that. How many understands that? And when the Angel of the Lord appeared to me... Down through life I did not know what it was until He revealed Himself a few years ago, speaking this, that I was to pray for the people. And if I could get them to believe me, to believe that God heard my prayer, and I was sent to pray for sick people, that they would be healed of whatever disease they had. Now, do you understand that? And then I questioned the Angel, and told Him that I did not believe the people would believe me. You understand that? And He gave me two signs: said to do these signs before the people, and by this, they would believe that God had sent me to do this. See what I mean? Now, how many understands that? That's right. But just... That doesn't have anything to do with the healing. Oh, a person could come here and be ever so sick, and you tell them what was wrong with them, unless their faith is anchored in Christ, it's that... See? But this is the vindication.

**32** I wish this audience could feel just what I feel right now. It's a sacred, real... I just feel it just pouring over me now. The sick person's standing near me. And now, I do not know the lady. I never seen her. As far as I know, I never seen you in my life. And I don't know nothing about her. But God knows all about her. He knows all about her. I believe He would reveal to me what is wrong with our sister. Now, if He does, then God be glorified. I shall ask God to heal her. And if God does, we'll be thankful for the Lord to do it, won't we. All right. I want everybody to be reverent, while I just... This is just one out of the bunch, and just called her up. That's all right. Just so that you'd know, and the lady knows here that there's no way at all that I'm--have any contact with her outside of... Just have to be from the Holy Spirit some way.

**33** I wonder if you'd just... If I could just have a place I could get her relaxed just a few moments. I feel the pressure of nervousness, that she's nervous. It's... Just bring her a chair. I'll bring one also, and just set down by you. Just a moment, sister. Now, I do not want you to think, sister dear, that this is any other purpose but just for the glory of God. And it is the Holy Spirit of God that's here present now. Now, to the audience, if I could get each person to set like this here, and talk... But I'm going to have to move myself around just a little bit because of the audience. It's just coming in with a vibration from the audience, as I would not say, some kind of a pressure of sickness pulling. And I might get mixed up on what I'm saying to the lady. But now, I wish just to set down and talk to you, sister dear. Now, you were probably surprised when I called your card tonight. [The sister says, "No, sir. I prayed for it."] You'd prayed for it. Well, you wasn't surprised. You believed that you were going to be called tonight. You did? Now, the order of me talking to you is only to contact you, to see what is wrong, like Jesus spoke to the woman at the well. And all at once, He changed His conversation. He said, "Go, get your husband." Isn't that right? And she said, "I have none." He told her she had five. And then when that was done, why, she said, "I perceive that You are a prophet."

```
John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

```
**34** And our Master said, "These things that I do shall you do also. And greater than this shall you do (or more), for I go unto My Father." And now, that's the purpose of me here tonight, is before this audience of people, and not for show my own. My Father knows that. It's for--that they might believe on our Lord Jesus. And I don't know. That microphone's not--might not be packing that out. I don't know. But whether it is or not, I can't say. But I know that He's here, His presence. And I believe that you feel and notice that there's something going on, something taking place. The reason I'm talking fast is to keep It from speaking out, you see, until I got through talking to you.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**35** Yes, ma'am. You've got a serious trouble. Isn't that right? It is... It isn't known by doctors what it is. Doctors don't... And you've been to specialists with it, haven't you? Isn't that right? You've been to some renowned men, great men. I see a great office. You... Wasn't you examined, or something or other, in a great office recently? Is that true? And you have some kind of an infection or poison that's went through you. Isn't that right? Itches you there. It wants you to scratch. Isn't that true? Something happened then, didn't it. You're blessed, sister, of God. You're going to get over that. You're going to be well. The Lord Jesus [unclear words] . Father dear, You are here near. And I thank Thee for Thy goodness and mercy. Now, bless our sister. The doctors do not know what's wrong with our sister, but Thou does, Lord. And You reveal all things to Your servants. And now, have mercy, Lord, and bless Thy servant. Satan, you who've bound her, come out of her in the name of Jesus Christ. And my sister, I bless thee in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, you go from here tonight believing, and you're going to be well. Now, you go believing and thanking God with all your heart. Walk close, as you have been praying for that close walk with Him. Go, and just walk with Him, and believe Him with all your heart, and you'll be a well woman again. God bless you, sister dear.

**36** I just take that just a little bit, so maybe I could get another one. Say, bring me pra... What was her number? 62? What was her... 63? Bring me 80. Bring me prayer card 80. Who's got prayer card 80? O-80. If anybody here has prayer card O-80? Or... Is it here? Is no one got prayer card 80? Oh, well... All right, you come then. Now, everyone reverent. Please, friends. I want you to know that our Lord Jesus Christ is present to heal all those who are... [Brother Branham is interrupted: "On the card it said, 'Skin disease.'"] While our sisters... [Brother Kopp said, "Last night we watched the cards and not one thing missed the whole evening. I think that's remarkable."] Now, sometimes the people... I don't know what they write on their cards. That has nothing to do with it. That doesn't mean a thing, the card. She had the itching on her skin. Well, that's all right.

**37** How do you do. Isn't our Master lovely? Well, I love Him very much. And I'm... I believe you do too, sister. Now, the Spirit of the Lord is present, and our Master is always full of love and compassion. You have a great faith, but there's something seriously wrong with you. You have... You've lost a lot of weight recently, haven't you? Much weight: I see a vision before me of a woman much larger than you are. And it's been brought down by some kind of a... It's a nerve trouble. Isn't that right? Not only that, but you have a--something wrong, you can't eat. Isn't that right? I see... God bless you, sister. That's enough for you. You may go now. God bless you, my sister, and be healed. Almighty God, have mercy upon our sister, and bless her in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen [unclear words] and her recommend [unclear words] .

**38** Will you have another one? All right. Call me a prayer card... Let's see, call... What was that? 80? Well, call... Let's see, what would we call next? Say, 90? Let's call 90. All right. What? O--O... Call it, O-90. [A brother calls prayer card O-90.] Let Brother Hall call that one so he... All right. Everyone reverent. Is O-90 not here, then get O-100. Oh, here... O-90? All right. Come down, sister. Well, I appreciate you being in mission work. That's a great work to be in for our Lord, sister. I do appreciate any soldier of the cross. I love God's children. And God loves His children. And now, you're aware tonight that you're in the presence of a prophetic being, aren't you? And it's a... I can feel the effect It's taking on your spirit now. And It's no more than the Spirit of our lovely Jesus, sister. Now, you are stranger to me. I do not know you. I know nothing of you. The only way that I'd know anything, would have to truly come through God, is that right? It would have to come through God. There's no other way that I have of knowing.

**39** Now... But now, the people... I think a whole lot with we people, that we just, you know, just kind of take God as like the reading, and writing, and arithmetic: what we learn by the Word. And It just becomes the Word, and we know that in our mind. But we're afraid to accept It, to bring it to life. Don't you think that? You do? The reason I'm talking to you, just a little tightened up (You see?), just a little upset, because of your calling here, and coming present. And anyone who comes near feels it (See?), especially when I'm contacting that person. Now, you understand what I'm speaking of. All right.

**40** Now, that you might not think... That you might not come... Which it isn't in your mind, but it is in some sitting out there: mental telepathy. Mental telepathy is to concentrate upon a number or something that you have in your mind. That's true. But the power of God, through a Spirit of a prophet knows things that you don't know in your mind. Isn't that right? All right. May God of heaven grant that to me tonight, to know something to get--to encourage your faith, that you know nothing about in your mind, that you're not even thinking about. For God in heaven, who is my sole Judge, and knows that I know nothing about mind reading. I know nothing of it. Only thing I see is a vision. And I tell what I see. You're conscious of that, are you? You believe that what I have told you is the truth?

**41** Your trouble is in your lower part of your body; it's in your bowels, I believe. Isn't that right? It's in your bowels. Now, just a moment. I... You had some sort of a trouble when you was a child, a little girl. You wearing a, look like kind of a checkered looking dress. Say, you had a fall, didn't you. Didn't you fall into a hole or something somewhere? Is that right? Did you fall into... I believe it was a well, wasn't it, or something like that? And it's... You've been injured. Is that right? God bless you, my sister. Is that true? You wasn't thinking nothing of that. If that's true, God is here to witness it. Our heavenly Father, this poor child since a little girl, has been injured. This accident's tore loose her bowels, Lord, and they're not right. But Almighty God, the Creator, bless this, our sister, and grant, Lord, that she may be healed tonight. O Father, I bless her for this purpose, that she might glorify You, in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go with all your heart.

**42** And now, let's see now, what times have... Well, reckon we'd better start a prayer line? Now, just a moment. Now, do you believe with all your heart? Let us say, "Praise the Lord." Now, somebody here without a--that hasn't got a prayer card, that nobody's--you haven't got a prayer card. How many here that hasn't got a prayer card that's sick, raise your hands, that hasn't got a prayer card, raise your hands? All right. There's so many of you, I don't know just where... Well, somebody consecrate down there, down in this corner, way down. Now, just believe, some of you down there. All right. Just a moment now, everyone. I believe--I believe the lady there I see, setting right through here, that's got a white coat on, the white coat, setting right there, right through here by that gentleman. Right there, yes. Stand up just a minute, sister. You believe with all your heart? You want to get rid of that tumor, don't you? You want to be healed. You have no prayer card, but Jesus Christ make you whole. God bless you and heal you of that.

**43** Now, somebody in this section with... Look this a way and believe now with all your heart. How about the lady on the stretcher there? All right, lady. I want you to look this way. I want you to believe that I am God's prophet. Not a... Not in myself, I have nothing to do with this, God ordained this to be so. Do you believe me? I am not able to heal you, my sister. Only Jesus Christ can heal you. But you being a stranger, and no contact with you at all... Now, you're... I see you're very thin. Yes. You've been bed-fast for a long time, haven't you. I see a long stretch of darkness around you. Also this, you're suffering with heart trouble. Isn't that right? Is that true? Now, if you will believe on the Lord Jesus with all your heart, God will honor your faith, and you can be healed. Now, it's not too far. I know you're awfully weak. But if you'll just believe on Him with all your heart... There's so many people a pulling and trying... This lady here with this green looking coat on setting here is trying awfully hard to come in contact with the Spirit of God. Isn't that right, lady? You was setting there praying or something, for me to just speak to you. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind, but that's true. Just stand there, or ... you know. Do you believe me as God's prophet? Do you believe that what I say is the truth from God? To vindicate that, if I tell you what's wrong with you, will you believe me and accept me as God's prophet? You have cancer. Is that right? Jesus Christ make you whole, my sister. God bless you. [unclear words] .

**44** Everyone have faith, believe. Now, back in this section. Just so that you know, people without prayer cards or something. See? Somebody that knows nothing, or plumb out of contact, back in here somewhere, believe. Here's a lady setting here with a red coat on, setting looking right at me. Your trouble there, sister, yes. You're... You look this way, kind of an aged woman. Yes. It's your eyes is what's bothers you, isn't it? You've got a... You got glasses. Of course, any... It look like someone... We... You... That's... God bless you, sister.

**45** Say, let the next lady raise up, next to you there. Let her raise up, because her... You with glasses on, people would see that. That's all right. You can be seated just a moment. You look this a way, lady. Are you sincere? And you accept me as God's prophet? Do you believe that with all your heart? Do you believe that I've told you the truth, that Jesus Christ blessed His humble servant from birth to come here, and these signs that I'm speaking of vindicates what I've said to be the truth? Lady, you're a stranger. I never seen you in my life. No way in the world... There you are, just setting there. A lady's come in and set down. Now, you believe that with all your heart and look this a way. My sister, God is going to reward you of your faith. You've been suffering with a stomach trouble (Isn't that right?), ulcerated stomach. I see you refusing food at a table. That's right. You're going to be a well woman. You go on out, and believe the Lord Jesus with all your heart, and you shall be made well. Everyone that believes that with all your heart, you can... [Brother Hall talks about faith and starts the prayer line.]

**46** Thank you, Brother Hall. All right, friends dear. That... I want to get back a little bit. The... That anointing is so strong, that when they'd interrupt me... And the people, if... As long as it's on you, you just keep feeling It; It jumps and pulls you like that. Do you believe that I've told you the truth? May God bless your dear sweet hearts, every one of you. I love you, and I'm here to help you. Now, as they bring the people, may they... You bring your patient. Now, I just want to pray. And as you... I pray for you, you go through. And let the piano constantly play, 'The Great Physician Now Is Near." Don't you believe He's here? All right. Now, everyone just coming through...

**47** Come, mother. You believe now with all your heart? Our dear heavenly Father, I accept Your Son Jesus now as the Healer of this woman. And heavenly Father, I pray that she'll be healed tonight. I lay my hands upon her in commemoration of our Lord Jesus Christ for her healing. Amen. God bless you, mother. All right. All right. Do you believe now, sister dear? You believe that Jesus Christ will make you well? You believe that He will. And you believe that if I'll ask Him, He will let you get well without telling you? You realize I know what's wrong with you, don't you. You know that? All right. And I want you to believe that that heart trouble will... Well, God bless you, sister. Our heavenly Father, I pray that You'll heal her, Lord, and make her well. I bless her in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless her.

**48** Now, sister dear, you believe with all your heart, do you? You believe that Jesus is here to make you well? You... Do you believe that if I ask Him without telling you... You're wanting me to tell you what's wrong with you. I know you do, but that's what your faith is in, isn't it? All right. Now, if I... I'm just going to pray for you and ask God to heal you, you believe you'll get well? Our heavenly Father, bless our sister, Lord. We realize that she must get well right away. And I lay my hands upon her, and I rebuke this demon that's binding her. In the name of Jesus Christ, thou demon called cancer, leave the woman. Come out of her. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, and be well. All right. Howdy do, sister. Do you believe with all your heart now, that you're going to get well if I ask the Lord Jesus? I'm afraid I oughtn't to have had that discern [unclear words] the people. [Gap in the audio.] Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everyone, now. That's right, sister. God bless you, sister. Amen. Oh, my. Now that's the way to do it: come by and accept it, passing by.

**49** You believe, brother? If you do, the arthritis will leave you, and you'll be well man. Go to praising God. You believe, sister, with all of your heart? You believe the heart trouble will leave you? It has then. Then [unclear words] . Now, go on; believe you're going to get well. You believe too, sister? God bless you. In the name of Jesus Christ, receive your healing then [unclear words.] Right. Her sight come to her here. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. Let's stand up and rejoice, everybody, and accept the Lord now as your Healer. Praise the Lord. That's the way, sister. Amen. A blind woman received her sight, standing here. She threw her hands up to the light. Let's raise our hands and praise God, everybody. Heavenly Father, thank You for Your goodness and Your kindness. How we love You and adore You, Thou Great Physician. Marvelous, Thou art, Father. We love You and praise You. Get glory from these services. Magnify Yourself among Your people. We love You with all of our hearts. In the name of Jesus Christ, we praise Thee. The audience said, "Praise the Lord." There's her daughter down there hugging her, and she's screaming, waving her cane around, healed. Amazing grace, how wonderful.

**50** You believe, sister? Go and be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus. Go rejoicing if you believe [unclear words] . Amen. Aren't you happy? The Bible said, "and the people glorified God." Sure, you can't hold your peace. He said if they hold their peace, the rocks will cry out. A woman blind for them years, receiving her sight... Look at them weeping and crying and hugging each other here in the corner. It's marvelous. Sight flew into her eyes when she believed on the Lord Jesus. Now, it'll be the same thing to all that believe. Oh, my, how marvelous. Oh, how we love Him. Now, just come one at a time and be in single file. Oh... She's just so happy she don't what to do. All right. Well, if they're glorifying God, let's us too. Praise the Lord. Oh, Jesus, we love You, and praise You, and adore You: You're wonderful and glorious. Magnify Yourself, Lord. Get glory now. Stir this city like never before. May the Holy Spirit literally wake up thousands because of Your glory, Lord. Grant it, through Jesus Christ's name.

```
Matthew 9:8 But when the multitude saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.

Mark 2:12 And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.

Luke 5:25 And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.

Luke 5:26 And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.

Luke 7:16 And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God hath visited his people.

Luke 13:13 And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God.

Luke 17:15 And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God,

```
**51** [A man says, "Here's the lady that was blind; now she can see."] [Unclear words] rest awhile [unclear words] . [A man says, "He's just going to rest a moment. Then they're going, take the line through. Amen. All right, come right up here." Here's the lady that wants to testify. She was blind when she came through the line, but now she can see:" The woman says, "Oh, blessed to the Lord. I see. I see. Jesus heals. Well [unclear words] . Oh, glory, glory to God [unclear words] . When I first woke up this morning, before I moved Jesus say, 'I walk with you.' Oh, He walk with me and He talks with me, and He tell me, I..." A man says, "Told me she could only see light and dark before. Now she sees our faces and some more. Praise the Lord. Amen." She continues praising the Lord. "Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to Jesus. Praise His holy name." A man says, "She could... She could just barely see light from darkness and now she can see people's faces now [unclear words] . Amen. Now everybody be steady now. We're going to see greater things. Brother Branham's coming back in just a moment. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Now, it's all that's needed, my friends, if these folks will come through the line, looking unto God, believing Him, all they need to do is to just receive their healing. That's all they need to do is right here. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, Brother Branham, don't you do another thing: just stand there and let them go through the line and they'll be healed and... Glory to God."]

**52** I've tried to be honest. It's the truth, friends: He promised me that nothing would stand before the prayer. Now, everyone come reverently. Come, sister. All right. You're wanting to be healed, aren't you? You believe that if I'll pray for you, you'll be healed? Wouldn't you like for me to tell you what's wrong with you? Your heart troubled, wasn't it? You can go on and be healed now, mother. Be well. All right. You believe, brother? Go on, get over your heart trouble also and be a well man [unclear words] the Lord Jesus. Those people are healed the same as the blind woman was. They'll see it. They'll be all right. It don't physically show now, but it will be. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." You believe, mother? O, Lord God of heaven, blessed by Thy name. Heal our sister now, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. May she be well. Amen. Believe it now. Go rejoicing. Be happy. That's right. Amen God bless you, sister. You've longed for this moment, haven't you? Your faith has made you whole, sister. Go and be made well. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." You believe it? Go, rejoicing, stomping your feets up and down, saying, "Praise the Lord. There he is, loosed from his arthritis and spinal trouble that the Lord [unclear words] . You believe too, sister? You want to get over your arthritis, don't you? All right, just raise up your hands. Wipe your feet up and down like this. Go off the platform. You're free now. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Look. Before I look at this woman, she had the same. Thing's healed too. Didn't you have arthritis? Raise your hands up. Stomp your feet up and down. Claim your victory right now; in Jesus Christ; you're free. Go off the platform rejoicing. Go and be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, wonderful. Here it is. This is it. Amen. This is what we long for.

**53** Believe, sister. In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, receive your healing. Raise up your hand. That's right. Amen. Go off the platform rejoicing. Be healed, sister. You believe? In the name of the Lord Jesus I bless thee for thy healing. Amen. You had many things, complications. You also had arthritis, didn't you? Raise up your hands; you're healed. Amen. Bring your feet up and down. That's right. Go off the platform happy. Amen. You believe, sister? You want to get over that heart trouble, don't you? In the Name of Jesus Christ, may it leave you. Go off the platform thanking God for it. Believe with all your heart for this [unclear words] this little baby. You believe it'll leave it? In the name of Jesus Christ I bless this child for its healing. Amen. Go, put a string around it tonight. Measure it, and bring back the part that shrinks off tomorrow night, for me. God bless you, brother. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Oh, my, anything can happen. People, be God-conscious now. I'm not excited. But I know Who I believe. Believe with all your heart. Receive your hearing, in the name of Jesus Christ. Go off the platform rejoicing. Amen. You believe with all your heart? In the name of Jesus Christ, be healed. Go believing now with all heart. Raise up hands [unclear words] . Do you believe with all your heart, that God will make you well? O heavenly Father, I pray that You'll take this demon away from the woman. Come out of the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Look, lady? You've been bothered a long time, haven't you? Mental, nervous depression, is that right? Demons; something haunts you and scares you. Is that right? You accept me as God's prophet? Raise up your hands and say, "Thank the Lord for my healing." Go off the platform and forget all about it; be well. Amen.

**54** All right, sister. You believe with all of your heart? Looky here. Now, so that you'll get settled down now... You're nervous. You believe with all your heart? You believe that God sent me to do this? Never seen you in my life, as I know of; you're a stranger, is that right? I want the people to know that the Holy Spirit... No matter... Think I'm excited, but I'm not. The Holy Spirit's here. Do you believe it? You're wanting to get healed of a cancer, isn't that right? Go off the platform and be well in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let us say, "Praise be to God." Oh, my, this is what we need. This is it. This is the time. Is this the patient? Howdy do, sister. Look like you're distressed. You believe me as God's servant? You believe that this Spirit of God is here now, if I shall touch you, you'll get well? You're an awful deep thinker, aren't you, sister? Got a weary spirit too: always worrying about things you haven't got no business to be. You're nervous, upset, caused you to have acid in your blood which has give you arthritis. Is that right? Go off the platform and be well in the name of Jesus Christ. Go and be healed. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Believe, my brother. Do you believe with all your heart? Heavenly Father, I pray that You'll bless this brother and heal him in the name of Jesus Christ. Go believing now, my brother. Be well. You believe, brother? Now, you've caught my hand. Yes, sir. I know what's wrong with you: cancer. Now go off the platform and be well, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." You Believe Him?

**55** Just a moment. Now, some of them here didn't have prayer cards, hasn't got no prayer card. Now, the prayer card don't have nothing to do with it. Now's the time to be healed. Remember, the presence of the Lord is near to heal. You believe it? Look this a way, audience. Now look this way and believe that I've told you the truth; you shall see the glory of God. What do you think about it, lady, setting there? You believe me? Stand up just a minute so you'll be above that pull. You're a stranger, aren't you? You have no prayer card or nothing. You just walked in this meeting and set down. Is that right? You've had an awful life before you: lot of worry, troubles. You've been studying here lately. Isn't that right? That's right, exactly. And you're suffering now with a cancer. Isn't that right? Go home and be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. How about the cripple that--laying on the cot there? Look. Why, I'm looking right between the arms, there... Wait a minute, brother. That lady there with her hands up, laying there bound up on the cot. Look this way, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? You believe that God sent me here? You have no prayer card, do you? No prayer card or nothing... We're strangers, is that right? No way in the world will I have knowing anything about you, except it would be from God. Is that right? I'm not able to heal you, sister, but if you'll believe on what I'm speaking, and what's speaking at me now, you'll get healed. You believe that? All right, you're just about dead, aren't you? You have a terrible tumor. That right? Won't you stand up on your feet and accept your healing. Come out of that condition. You've been bedfast a long time. Let her friends help her. Get her up. Stand on her feet till she receives strength. She can walk home. Take... The audience... Amen. There, she accepted it.

**56** Everyone, just a moment. Have faith now. Here it sits yonder. Just a minute. Here's a man setting near the door, looking right straight at me. You have no prayer card either, do you, sir? A little fellow... Say, I see something strange about you. Just a moment now. It may be the lady in front of you, here. Just a minute now. Every one, reverent, if you will. Now there's a pulling now. Yeah... Over this way a little bit, ladies, will be... Let me see the man just a minute. Sir, you... That's right, you. Say, you're bothered... Well, you're a cripple, aren't... You got... You're crippled. You have a... Let's see, I... It's some kind of a--something wrong in your spine has got you crippled up. Isn't that right? That is right. It's a--something like paralysis of the spine. Is that right? Is that the truth? Why don't you stand up and accept Jesus Christ as your... There he is, healed. Praise the Lord Jesus Christ. Let the whole audience believe on the Lord Jesus and be healed right now. Let's raise our hands, everybody, giving God praise. Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus Christ we love You and pray, God, just now, that Satan will turn loose of everybody in this building and they'll be healed.
