---
Date: 1951-05-02
Title: The Angel of the Lord
DayOfTheWeek: Wednesday
Location: the Calvary Temple in Los Angeles, California, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 47 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Angel of the Lord



**1** Thank you, brother. Good evening, friends. Very happy to be here again this evening to pray for the sick and the afflicted. I trust that this will be a great night, that there'll be no one left that's even sick or on cots or anything when the service is over tonight. May the Lord add His blessings. I just thinking I had a little too much volume somewhere: it was a rebounding. Well, I feel good tonight and just happy. I just had a good season of prayer awhile ago and just seem like that our Lord was so near, and I just ask Him with all my heart if He would just let the meeting just be even a greater meeting than we had, that the poor, sick and needy would be healed tonight of all manner of diseases and things would be healed. I pray that God will grant it to His mercy.

**2** Now, I want to... I was just listening a few moments ago to Brother Hall's message about the supernatural. It was really wonderful. I appreciate that: that we are working by the supernatural. Everyone that cometh to God must believe that He is and a Rewarder to him that diligently seek God. Now, we do not work upon what we see or what we feel, but by what we believe. Isn't that right?

**3** My voice is just a little bit hoarse. Thank you. Can you hear all right back at the back, way back? Way back at the back, can you hear all right? That's fine. Thank you. I don't have a very loud voice, and I'm not too big to begin with, so it's a... When I was borned I weighed five pounds, and I got a bad start. And I haven't ... out-growed it yet. So I wished I was bigger for one purpose: I could maybe have more room to love the Lord more. I've just... And if it's any--He's any dearer and better to the big people, I certainly admire them, because He's certainly wonderful to me. And I love Him with all my heart. Wonder how I ever got along those years that I lived without him. It's been a... I was telling my little son. If there's anything that I have to regret in my life, that I did not turn to Jesus when I was a little boy, just a little bitty boy, and serve Him.

**4** Now, we're going to take tonight our... 'Course we realize, knowing that another service is going on in the city (I'm very conscious of that.), of Brother Freeman's meeting, and our crowds are not very big yet. And while this is, I was--just thought maybe that I would take a few minutes each night to teach just a little on the Word and kind of run just a--maybe a little series in the book of Exodus here, and just speak on it a little while each night and watch the clock and try to get out in time that we would have a little prayer line. Now, each evening... And as Brother Hall was saying a moments ago (If I understood him right, I was downstairs, or down in another section of the church down there.) that the leading, the principle of the meeting is to inspire faith, that each individual would accept Christ as their Healer and would be healed. That's what the purpose of the meeting is for. See? It's impossible almost for me to get to each one. And I hurry just as quick as I can. If you'll notice with each patient, when I think that the appropriate faith is there, I go ahead and pray for the person. Now, it'll be just the same for each one of you out there in the audience. Each one of you that'll accept it and believe it, it'll be just the same to you there as it is up here. Now, the only thing this does to the person that does come up to the platform, it'll almost could tell whether it's really, really faith or not.

**5** Now, you meet me on the street and say, "Brother Branham, what about..." I probably know nothing about that. But now, on the platform when someone meets me, then I--it's not me that's speaking. When you hear my voice speaking when that inspiration is on, I have no more control of that than you know what you're going to say next New Year's day. I do not have no control of that; It speaks Itself. It's my voice, and I'm listening to myself talk just as you're listening to me now talk. I hear myself, what It says to the people. And then I know then... Sometimes take a hold of their hand, I'll wait there, and after while I'll hear what it speaks, just hear myself speak, talking to the people. It's a very strange feeling. And under that anointing, being that my services are so close together, that it's best for me not to be too much under it at a time in one service. And Moses of old was committed--the Lord committed to him two signs to do before the people. And he performed those signs one time and that's was all he did it. Israel believed from then on and followed the leader. Why, these signs, is not for you to follow me, but to follow what I tell you. And that sign is this: that you are to follow the Lord Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit will lead you. And then when you're told something up here at the platform, you must believe that with all your heart. And the purpose of this is that the people... There may be somebody in the prayer line tonight that I'll know, have met somewhere else. Probably when that anointing was on I would not recognize them: sometimes I do and sometimes I do not. But if I would, well, er... Now, I've met... Two or three times I've met people like that, but very seldom. Then I have no way of knowing what's wrong with that patient or what they've done in their life. And many things that they do not wish to be told out here at the platform, but I can't help it, it speaks itself.

**6** Now... And if It tells you exactly what has been in your life, and you know that, you--you're aware of that, and you're aware... The first thing when the patient comes, if you'll watch then when they come reverent, when they get real near, watch the expression on their face change. It'll change me, and I... Some of them... There's a picture back there when the Angel of the Lord was up over me when they had the picture taken. Said, "Brother Branham, that don't look like you." No, it set... When it's just that close to you it just changes you; you're--there's something different, you're... Something happens. Then when the patient's coming, they will... If they're a believer... Now, if you're not a believer, if you're just coming just for curiosity, or maybe you're a little skeptic about the Angel of the Lord, you'll never notice it. See, only those who are looking for God are the ones who find God. Only those... When the woman touched the hem of His garment, for she said, "If I may but touch Him, I'll be made well." Why, she felt the virtue went out; she got what she wanted. But those who put a rag over His face and smote Him on the face and said, "Now if you're a prophet prophesy and tell us who hit you." they didn't feel any virtue at all. They wasn't feeling for it. They didn't believe it. But the ones who believed it was the ones who received it. And that's the way it is with salvation. Those who believe God... If someone said, "I do not believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit." Well, you'll never be able to receive it until you believe it. That's right. You got to believe it. For all things of God are by faith.

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 26:67 Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,

Matthew 26:68 Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Luke 22:64 And when they had blindfolded him, they struck him on the face, and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?

```
**7** And then when you see the person here... The benefit of having them on the platform... Usually I would never have to have a prayer line, just stand here in the audience and maybe speak to the people right out in... I have done that, but it's so strenuous. Usually I have to wait till the anointing gets real deep and then maybe I can single out the people where they're--the sick ones out in the audience. Many times I see the people that's crippled, or afflicted, or something like that, and I know what's wrong with them, they're... I could tell them what was wrong, but that's no mystery; anyone could see anyone was crippled. That... Any could say, "Well, sure, he said that person had arthritis. Why certainly, look at them all crippled up. And that man's blind, that they're leading him around, why, he's blind. Why certainly, anyone would know that." But the person that looks healthy and then go down and tell that person, now, that's the difference. That--there's where the mystery part comes, that's not a mystery, it's a--for the people, the children of God to recognize that their Saviour is present. You see?

**8** Now, I truly believe that the coming of the Lord is nigh at hand. These things would not be taking place, children of God, unless something was going happen. Now, I do not claim to be knowing all things of God. And I do not say that this is what the Lord has told me, for many times I say things, "I believe this or believe that." like you do. That doesn't make it so. I can... You say, "Brother Branham, you pray for me. You believe I'll get well?" Yes, I can believe it, but I won't know it until He tells me so. Then when I see the vision that it is, then I know it's going to be. And in doing that that weakens my faith a little on the other side (You see?), because I'm looking to that direct positive side always. And that's what hurts in my meeting many times. The people watch to get into the line to get that direct positive side of what's going to happen to them. You see what I mean?

**9** And as far as I know, the best of my knowledge, to all of the people that I--have come before me to be prayed for, there has never been one time in all my life that I can remember praying for the sick when I absolutely saw the vision and told them that the Lord Jesus had healed them but what was well. Now, I never seen it my... See, I never seen it... I seen... Many times I've seen the people on the platform and knew they were going to die: turns dark around them. And I know they're not long. I'll say, "Go, and may the Lord Jesus bless you. Go, and have faith in God." Now, maybe He show me that that person, death is on the person, I can't overcome it. Maybe if I could set down with that person awhile, talk with them, take a long time, twenty, thirty minutes, sometimes a hour, and just speak to the person till God will show the vision, then there may be something told to that person that would cause them to repent of something that's maybe--or some promise they could make to God that would bring God's favor to them and heal them, because many times God pronounces something and then He changes His mind on it. Did you know that? A king one time was told by the prophet that he was going to die. You remember that? And the prophet, after he give his message, walked right back out of the room, and the king turned his face to the wall and wept bitterly, said, "Lord, I beseech You. I've walked before You with a pure heart." And now he wanted his life spared for fifteen years so something to glorify God. And the prophet had done gone, but the Spirit of the Lord come upon the prophet after God done told him he was going to die, said, "Go back." And the prophet told him in three days he was coming off his bed, that God heard his prayer. So prayer changes things. Isn't that right? So prayer changes things. So therefore, I ask the people then to go pray, 'cause it might change.

```
2 Kings 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

2 Kings 20:2 Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,

2 Kings 20:3 I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

2 Kings 20:4 And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,

2 Kings 20:5 Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.

2 Kings 20:6 And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

Isaiah 38:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

Isaiah 38:2 Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,

Isaiah 38:3 And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.

Isaiah 38:4 Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying,

Isaiah 38:5 Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.

```
**10** Now, but each individual... And my business here, I see our land that... The reason that I'm figuring on... This will probably be my last trip through the country for some time, unless the Holy Spirit leads. Our... We're got many great campaigns out on the field, hundreds of them. I noticed in the "Voice of Healing" this month (Brother Lindsay's paper back there), there was many many new ones had come in. And look like we're kind of getting in one another's way. So it's a--too many in--even in one city, so I think that God used me to go out, which I'm thankful to let the little sparks begin to fly now that the thing is kindled everywhere. And I pray that God will not only use those brothers out there, but will send hundreds of more campaigns everywhere, everywhere. And I feel that after a bit I'll probably spend a--most of my life in the foreign fields. And I come and... And 'course I'll have to have a little finance to carry me on, and then maybe have a few meetings till the people send me again back into lands of the Africa and different places. Now, I don't believe it'll be very long till our Lord Jesus comes.

**11** Now, remember this. Now, this is not the Lord speaking; this is your brother, Brother Branham. And the best of my knowledge... Now, just remember this and watch it close. We are in for the end time. Watch geographically where your war is coming out, see. Watch the Gog up there coming down (See?), down in Turkey and so... The battles will not be settled in Korea but over there in Palestine, see. We're near. And I'd appreciate it... And yesterday I ... or this morning, I believe it was, I almost [unclear words] joy when I heard that the Brother Graham, Billy Graham, is going to have a meeting there in Washington. I was so happy for that, but I'm just a little afraid that is, that we've sinned away our day of grace. I believe we're in for it. When we come to a place where we join up and won't--and would throw aside the Bible and not even offer prayer, nor nothing else to appease some ungodly nation that doesn't believe in God, we're in for it. That's right. Yes, sir. I said that from the beginning, so how can two walk together except they be agreed? That's true. And when we throw off Christ, we refused the cross, and now we got a double cross, haven't we? That's right. That's what it is. All right, so much and God bless you now, as...

```
Revelation 20:8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.

```
**12** I want to read just, set, maybe three little, or four little sermonettes like, or little teachings here on the book of Exodus. I want to read some out of the book of Exodus over in the--the 3rd chapter. And I will watch the clock and hurry. And just as it gets time, then I'll cut off and take up again tomorrow night. We want to study just a little bit in the book of Exodus. How many would like that, let's see your hands; just study a little bit on the church? Now, the 3rd chapter, I'll read for a portion of Scripture. Wish we had time just to... At home, we used to take these lessons in Exodus, and Genesis, and so forth, and just teach them, just those old nuggets. And oh, what a time we had with them. And I thought it would... I would just like to try it again right here while we're not crowded, just for a few nights in Exodus the 3rd chapter. Listen closely now to the reading of the Word. Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mount of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

```
Exodus 3:1 Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.

Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

```
**13** Now, shall we bow our heads just a moment. Our heavenly Father, we have come here tonight for a compound reason. We've come that people might be saved by believing on the Lord Jesus, then that they--the sick might be healed by believing on the Lord Jesus. Therefore, our fathers has taught Thy Word, and You have worked great miracles with our fathers. And we are happy to be their children today, to inherit the rights of being a free American where we can open the Bible and teach, and believe God, and worship Him according to the dictates of our conscience. We're very happy for this privilege. We ask You to bless those who paid the supreme price on the battlefronts everywhere that's given us this hour of freedom. O Eternal God, have mercy. But we realize that the dark clouds are floating high now, and that they're going to get darker according to Thy Word. And we're so thankful to know that we're children of the Light tonight, that we have the Light of God in us. And we are happy that our heavenly Father has so blessed us in this last day, of pouring out His Spirit, giving us the Holy Spirit to live by and to enjoy; and now, has given us great signs and wonders: mysterious things to the world, but not mysterious to those who believe in You. For we've been looking for these days.

**14** And now, to think that here on the platform in this tabernacle where once stood great men, the founder, our brother, Paul Rader, and many of those great men who stood here. And tonight, the Christ that they preached is coming down in great power, manifesting Himself, sending forth His Angel to declare His Light. O God, have mercy upon us. And may we pinch, as it was, our conscience, waking ourselves up to the realization that the time is drawing nigh. Deliverance is at the door. And we're ready for the journey. Help us to put on the full armor of God now tonight, get ready, buckle up, shod ourselves with the Gospel, put the helmet of righteousness, the breastplate, and the armor, and take the sword, and go forward now (Grant it, Lord), as full dressed warriors tonight of Christ. May every demon of darkness be driven back. May the power of the Holy Ghost come down in this building, the Angel of God appear visibly right here on the platform tonight, giving us such a shaking like we've never had before. Grant it, Lord. May many be healed tonight and saved. For we ask it in the name of Thy Child, Jesus. Amen.

```
Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

Ephesians 6:12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.

Ephesians 6:13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.

Ephesians 6:14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

Ephesians 6:15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;

Ephesians 6:16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

Ephesians 6:17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:

```
**15** I believe that all of the old things was a type of the new to come. What Israel was in the natural, we are in the spiritual. God leading Israel naturally, was what He's doing for us spiritually today. We're all very familiar with this Scripture that I've just read. And we're going to try to set forth tonight, God preparing for the journey, God setting His church in order, then God's exodus of the church--taking it out, God's journey with the people in the wilderness. And then the last call where Joshua takes the children of Israel over into the promised land. Oh, I trust that God will make Himself visible to us, so real. I don't know what more He could do. He's never done hardly anything in the ages past any more than what He's doing now. And to think that we have the privilege of being alive here tonight. Well, that thrills my heart beyond my words to utter, how I appreciate that what God is doing for us now in this present day. And to think that God has given me the privilege to share this blessing with His people, you, the purchase of His blood. That I, by this that He has given, might be able to show Him to you, and to bring you to a closer fellowship with Him, that's more than my heart can even comprehend.

**16** Now, we all are familiar with the Scripture of how Israel came down into Egypt. It was because of a famine. He was driven down there from starvation. The story is very pathetic.All the Old Testament speaking of the New... I believe in Hebrews 12, it said, "Seeing that we're compassed about with such a great cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin that does so easily beset us, that we might run with patience the race that's set before us." Amen.

```
Hebrews 12:1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,

```
**17** All right. Joseph, one of the patriarchs, sold down into Egypt, perfect type of Christ, betrayed by his brethren, sold for a few pieces of silver--about thirty pieces, about like Christ was. He wore a coat of many colors, as Christ was seen in Revelations 1 setting on a throne and a rainbow over Him... There's seven perfect colors representing the seven church ages. Rainbow representing a covenant, He was to look upon as jasper and sardis stone, which was Reuben and Benjamin, the First, the Last, He that was, which is, and shall come, the Root and Offspring of David, the Morning Star... How marvelous. And with the covenant to His churches, seven golden candlesticks behind Him, each candlestick representing a church age. And we're living in the Laodicean age, the last. And He was standing with His hands out to look upon. And there, one hand like this was Alpha, the other one as Omega. As the lights went out, on up to the dark ages and come down; just as they come in, so will they go out, the same kind of church, same kind of signs, same kind of people, Alpha and Omega.

```
Genesis 37:3 Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours.

Genesis 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.

Matthew 26:15 And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.

Revelation 10:1 And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire:

Revelation 22:13 I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.

Revelation 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

```
**18** Oh, my. Then I think of God speaking to Joseph. After he was taken up, he was the blessed child. There's why I believe that men are borned in this world to do certain things. Joseph could be nothing else but a prophet, for he was borned a prophet. God foreordained Joseph to be a prophet. No matter how much cursings and kickings he got around, he was God's prophet. He had to be. Gifts and callings are without repentance. Notice. Then he was taken up, supposingly, out of the pit to have been dead, like Christ was raised up. And he set at Pharaoh's right-hand. When he was in his prison, like Christ with His cross, there's one thief lost and one saved; so was there in Joseph, one butcher and the baker, one was lost and one was saved. Joseph foretold them what would be their destination, and so did Jesus at the cross. And notice. Then when he died, Joseph, he made mention of his bones, saying, "Surely God will visit you someday. And when you go out, take my bones with you." What a perfect type of Christ, exactly.

```
Genesis 40:1 And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.

Genesis 40:2 And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.

Genesis 40:3 And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.

Genesis 40:4 And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.

Genesis 40:5 And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison.

Genesis 40:6 And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad.

Genesis 40:7 And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day?

Genesis 40:8 And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.

Genesis 40:9 And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me;

Genesis 40:10 And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes:

Genesis 40:11 And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand.

Genesis 40:12 And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days:

Genesis 40:13 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.

Genesis 40:14 But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and shew kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house:

Genesis 40:15 For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.

Genesis 40:16 When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:

Genesis 40:17 And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head.

Genesis 40:18 And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days:

Genesis 40:19 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.

Genesis 40:20 And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.

Genesis 40:21 And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand:

Genesis 40:22 But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.

Genesis 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

Luke 23:39 And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.

Luke 23:40 But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?

Luke 23:41 And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.

Luke 23:42 And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.

Luke 23:43 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**19** Now, those Hebrews, when they were being bondaged and beaten, and the taskmasters upon them beating them, slaves; many an old Hebrew would pass by that coffin and would look in there, and see the bones of Joseph. He could look up and say, "Someday we're going out, for our prophet, our brother, has said that someday his bones would go before us. God's Word said that they would go out of there." God had told Abraham years before. And they had a promise. And every tired Hebrew could look upon that and say, "There's the promise of God." What a great promise we have today. When we stand at the grave and see our loved ones go down, a few of those flowers crushed in the minister's hand, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, and earth to earth, but down through the old pine trees whispers, the wind blowing, There's a land beyond the river, That they call the sweet forever. We only reach that shore by faith's decree;

**20** Notice. Then we look at that tomb, that grave mound up. Then we can look over yonder in Jerusalem. There's one that's empty. He's coming again to receive those... All that are dead in Christ shall come with Him. God shall bring them from... And today, when we bury our children, and our mothers and fathers, we hear that ceremony. Then we sh--close our eyes, look away to Jerusalem. "If I go away, I'll come again to receive you unto Myself, that where I am, there ye may be also." Taskmasters and sickness may drive us. That's right. It's drove us. Death has drove us to the grave. But as Paul of old, when he was ready to die, and they fixing the chop block to fix--cut his head off, he said, "O grave, where is thy victory? Death, where is thy sting?" In other words, "Death, you're coming. You're trying to scare me, but you can't scare me." The grave said, "I can hold you." "You can't do it, for in Jerusalem there's an empty tomb. You can't hold me. Where is your sting? Show me where you can make me scared of you. I'm not afraid to die. Grave, show me your victory. You can't do it, for I can point an empty tomb to you, and I am in Him. And those that are in Him will God bring with Him." There you are. Just as sure as He arose from the dead, the church is going up (Amen.), going up to meet Him.

```
John 14:3 And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.

1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

```
**21** What a perfect type Joseph was, and Christ the antetype. Then we notice that years passed by, and they fared sumptuously. But finally there rose up a Pharaoh who did not know Joseph. God was fixing His church now to bring it out. And I believe that we fared sumptuously. In the early days there was a great persecution against religion. And as we know in Revelations and so forth, where the woman fled into the wilderness and was nourished there for a time, time, and the dividing of time. And we're down to that end time now.

```
Revelation 12:6 And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.

Revelation 12:14 And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.

```
**22** The word of the little lamb that rose up in Revelations 13, a lamb. Two little... Probably a little horn--civil and ecclesiastical power. But after is lamb, freedom of religion and so forth. But after while, he spake like a beast, like the dragon, and exercised all the power the dragon did before him, a bitter religious persecution. We're nearing that time. You remember, church, that you're living in the best day that you've ever will live in, right now, until Jesus comes. It shall gradually... Not gradually, but rapidly get worse and worse. When Russia goes down there to get that oil, look out. That's all she needs. That's what the prophet said it would do. And we're ready for it then. So church, get ready to meet Christ. He's sending great revivals and meetings, and stirring the full Gospel people. Signs and wonders appearing everywhere, great wonders to draw His people together. And one day He shall come, the Deliverer.

```
Revelation 13:11 And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.

Revelation 13:12 And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.

```
**23** Now, notice. Just before He taken them out to the promised land, they begin to cry, bitterly cry. The taskmasters was heavy. And he begin to bitterly cry to God. And when they did, God had a little boy born down there, a very peculiar birth, Moses. You know the story of how he was put in the bulrushes, and the little ark was slimed and pitched. And Pharaoh's daughter raised him, or was supposed to be her foster child. And when he come to the age of where he should be on the work of God, why... about forty years old, one day he went out and identified himself with Israel thinking surely that they ought to know that he was their deliverer. And when he killed the Egyptian, slew him, the next day he found Hebrew brethren stroving amongst one another, and they discovered his sin and told him. And at this Moses fled into the wilderness, rejected of his brethren, just like Christ was rejected of His brethren.

**24** And notice. Then Moses taken unto himself Zipporah, a wife... [Gap in the audio.] So one morning there, the pillar of fire came out of the heavens and dropped down into a bush. And Moses looked, and the bush was on fire, but the bush would not burn up. God was doing all of this to attract the attention of Moses. And when God saw that Moses turned aside... Oh, my. How today the church is in bondage of sickness. The church is crying, been crying for years for deliverance. Some of you old people here has cried to God for numbers of years, "God send the gifts back to the church." Have you done it? Many of you. Years ago, sent and prayed all night at a time. And we're on the age of the march, I believe. We're ready. God's calling His church spiritual together. Just as all the church come together... The word church means "the called out."

```
Exodus 3:2 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

```
**25** Today we come through all kinds of dogmas and denominations. And each fellow having his own idea, "Look through my glasses and you'll see Him." But God has got to a place now that He's sick and tired of those things. And He's calling His people together in one accord, setting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, Christ coming down with them revealing Himself to them. Amen. Oh, my, I just love that: church spiritual, getting ready now.

**26** All right. Notice now, that... Then when God spoke to him, attracted his attention by a pillar of fire that fell into a bush and begin to burn and pop, and burn. Now, looks like if it was fire, it would've scorched the bush or burned it. But it was a supernatural fire who could burn the bush, and yet it would still be there. Amen. I'm thankful tonight for a supernatural, the Holy Spirit, God's flame of fire, who could come down in the human heart, burn out all the sin, unbelief. Don't harm the person, but it purges him, make him grow greater, be stronger, more faith. And He comes tonight in that way. He can come down into a human body, drive out the power of cancer, tumor, cataract, tuberculosis with fire, heavenly Holy Spirit fire falling from God out of heaven. Why, my, that's no mystery. If He can burn inbred sin out, how much more can He burn cancer out by the same Holy Spirit. Amen. We've got witnesses on both sides. Men and women who were once sinners lost in sin, come to the world speaking lies, shaped in iniquity.

```
Psalm 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.

Psalm 58:3 The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.

```
**27** A harlot on the street, so immoral that hardly maybe a decent person would look at. The Holy Spirit can take that same woman and make a saint out of her, take the desire of sin from her. When the religions of the world met here some forty years ago, little Dr. Magney represented the Holiness religion of America. When all Buddha had their say and so forth, their beauty, the different isms put forth their beauty and their flowers, and all their different flowery speeches, our little brother stood up. He told a story of a vile woman that lived in Oklahoma years ago who broke all the speed laws coming through the streets driving a carriage with a cigar in her mouth, a big gun on each side. And she killed so many men, and done so many bloody deeds until when the law caught her, they poured tar and feathers on her, and taken wires to kill her. They wouldn't want to get that close to her. When he told the story with such a spiritual feelings to it until his audience was sitting on the ends of their seats, ready to hear what he had to say. Then he said, "Gentlemen of the religions of this world, has your religion got anything that would clean the hands of this vile woman?" No one said nothing. Tears rolled down his cheeks, as he clapped his hands together, jumped up in the air, kicked his heels together, said, "The blood of Jesus Christ won't only clean her hands but will clean her heart." Hallelujah! Yes, the blood of Christ won't only clean hands, but it'll clean the heart, make the vilest sinner a new person, purified, cleansed by the Holy Spirit, give them their inheritance that they lost long ago by the fall, put them in relationship with God to become sons and daughters. Amen. It's enough to stir the heart of anybody.

**28** Just as sure then that Jesus rose from the grave, so will we. Them that are in Christ, there... Then I seen Moses as he turns aside to look at the bush; he sees the fire burning. Then God seen He attracted Moses' attention. And when He did that, He said, "Take off your shoes, you're on holy ground." Well, what if Moses said, "I'll just take off my hat?" That wouldn't work. He said, "Shoes." That's right. Somebody said, "I'll just join church, and that'll be just as good." He said you got to be born again. That's right. Join church is all right, but He said you got to be born again or you won't get into the kingdom of heaven. That's old-fashioned preaching, but it's the truth, brother. That's right. It'll make a new creature out of you.

```
Exodus 3:3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

Exodus 3:4 And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.

Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

```
**29** All right. "Take off your shoes, come in respects; you're on holy ground." He seen this pillar of fire. He said, "I've heard the cries of My people down in Egypt and the reasons of the taskmasters, and they're groaning and crying to Me all day and night. And I've come down to deliver them. And I'm going to send you down there now." Oh, my. Deliverance on the road. Yes, sir. Just as soon as He gets an order, deliverance is there. He's setting the picture together now for a great drama. I believe that God that lived in Moses' time is the same Jehovah today. And I believe now that the Holy Spirit has come upon the church, calling the people out, getting them ready. The word church means "called out." God's called out of every denomination a people, cleansing them from their sins, filling them with the Holy Spirit, setting them aside for service, for the great march is coming.

```
Exodus 3:5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

Exodus 3:6 Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God.

Exodus 3:7 And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;

Exodus 3:8 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.

Exodus 3:9 Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them.

Exodus 3:10 Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.

```
**30** Just reminds me of here not long ago, I was asking them about the picture of "The Last Supper" (Someone give it to me recently.), of how the painting, the light in it. And it cost the man the lifetime that painted that picture. Any famous picture, before it can be put in hall of fame, it has to go through all the critics first before it can be put in the hall of fame. And then after it's passed all the criticisms, and still can stand the test, then she's hung up in the hall of fame. The little church, for years it's been pushed back. This is big words for a Baptist, but it's been pushed back, called holy-roller, a bunch of people that's crazy, acting foolish. That's right. I know we got some impersonators. That's true. But we've got some genuine Holy Ghost material. Yes, we have. The devil will point you to the bad side every way. Lets the off-falls. Just remember, in there... She's been criticized and criticized, and pushed back.

**31** As I said the other night, many times I look out and see these old dads out here and mothers who stood on the street corners and testified, when people would laugh at them and starve them to death, nearly. And here we come into big fine churches like this. Why, I'm just running down the highway that you paved. That's true. But brother, the little church has been pushed back and pushed back till after a while God has come down here in these last days. He sent the gifts, putting His church in order. She stood the criticism. They said, "Pentecost and holiness will die out," years ago. But it's becoming the greatest church there is on the face of the earth. Last year, nationally know, one million five hundred thousand conversions last year. Hallelujah! What's the matter? The gifts are in her. Churches from everywhere is pleading to see it. Hallelujah! God's going to hang Her in the hall of fame.

**32** One of these mornings, she'll go up in the air to meet the Lord after she's went through these hard tests. That's right. Great picture, persecuted, laughed at. But God's bringing Her out. She's held right on. You cried for deliverance. Sickness broke out among you; diseases, cancers, blindness. That's the thing that's been harming the church. Then the church begin to cry, "O God, send the restoration of the gifts." Oh, my. I hope you pardon this personal expression, but about a few years ago... I believe with all my heart, the same pillar of fire that came down in the burning bush, swept to this earth again. I believe It's in our midst tonight. If God could do that, and bring deliverance in the days gone by in the church natural, so will He in church spiritual. And I believe tonight, that the same pillar of fire that led the children of Israel is here tonight leading the church spiritual now, delivering them. You can only be delivered by faith.

**33** God went down there and told Moses, "Set yourself. Go down there and tell the people. I'll harden Pharaoh's heart, 'cause he don't believe." And do--could you imagine, that how a man that rejects Light... When God went down there with Moses, it wasn't Moses; It was God. And God said, "I will send an Angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee to the place that I have prepared." Is that right? And when the children of Israel seen this Angel, He was a pillar of fire. Is that right? Amen. I'm just old-fashioned enough to believe that God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That the same God, with the same power...

```
Exodus 4:19 And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt: for all the men are dead which sought thy life.

Exodus 4:21 And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go.

Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

```
**34** Now, when He appeared back there first, He was a whirlwind in a bush to me when He appeared. And I come as Moses of old to tell you not to follow me, follow Christ. Believe Him, that He's here to heal all the sick and the needy. Do you believe it? And I believe He's here to heal those who have need of Him, save those, put those in harness of God (Do you believe that?), send them out to be soul-winners and to preach the Gospel. How marvelous He is. How good.

**35** Now, notice. In the old days, when God told Moses, "Now, you go, and I'll send an Angel before you to keep you in the way, and to bring you into the place which I have prepared. Beware of Him. Obey His voice, for He will not pardon your transgressions, for My name is in Him." That Angel was the Angel of the covenant, which was Christ Jesus. The people, many of them, did not believe it. Those who did not believe, perished. Those who did believe went on into the promised land. And the men who reject Light went into total darkness. And I believe today, those who reject the Holy Spirit in the Light of God, the days of miracles, and so forth, go out back into total darkness. Did you see how Pharaoh's heart, how dark it got. He did not have nothing to do no more with the Israelites. He showed them no favor, because he hardened his heart against the Light. And men who harden their heart against the Light walk in darkness. Amen.

```
Exodus 23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

Exodus 23:21 Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.

```
**36** Time's up. Brother, sister, in the name of our Lord, please get me right now. What am I trying to say to you? That God who came out in the old days, and led the church of God out of the--Egypt, the bondage into freedom, has come down again in the same manner to lead His church spiritual out of bondage of sin first, by the Holy Spirit, sickness next, and the third step is to go into glory: take this mortal and make it immortality, the transfiguration of the human bodies, to transform them into the perfect image of the Son of God. Please, believe with all your heart. I can't make no one believe. I can only... I can only speak what I--my convictions is to be truth. And if I speak the truth, surely God will confirm the truth and will heal the sick and the needy.

**37** Now, as I pray for the sick, I want each one of you out there to be--to be aware of this: That the Holy Spirit is right out over this audience tonight to heal anybody that's in the audience. Now, this may be a little different from what you seen of brethren pray for the sick. I can only do as God tells me to do. I can only say as He says for me to do. And if I tell the truth, then God will testify that I've told the truth. Now, what I'm afraid of is this, dear friends. What I'm afraid of, as it was back there, it'll have to be that way. Because when our Mast... when Moses came, many refused Moses because he was a man. When Jesus came, many of them refused Jesus because He was a man: Said, "Him being a man make Himself equal with God." Now, He was God manifested in the flesh. So there'll never be a man like Him on earth. That's right. There'll never be a man like Him. But He ordained certain things to be done. And then, it's so hard sometimes for people to see that, because a man said so. He said, "I'll do a work in the last days; though a man bring it, they will not believe it." That's right. He... That's the Scripture. How many knows that's Scripture? He'd do... "though a man would bring it, speak it." Now, it's hard. The hardest thing that God has ever gotten to do--or had to do, was to get one mortal to believe another. You'd believe anything almost, but a one person believing another. That's a hard thing. And I've... I have just taught this. For years I've tried... Ever since I've been out to stand back and try to keep out of the picture, just as much as I possibly could, so they would see the Lord Jesus. See? Stand back... And I want you now to look to what I'm pointing to, not because I'm telling you this: That the Angel of the Lord... How many's seen the picture of It back there at the counter? Let's see your... You should see it. I wished I could afford to get them--and give them every one to you. Just about cost us what we got on there. And we'll be glad if you can get it. We just a very few of them left that we have.

```
John 5:18 Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.

Philippians 2:6 Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:

Philippians 2:7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:

```
**38** But first they had it so copyrighted and everything till we couldn't even touch it by no means. But I got a hold of it. And there, they was charging so much for it and everything, till they made thousands times thousands of dollars out of it, over there in Houston and around. And then when I got a hold of it myself, myself, I let it back to the people just at the cost. First I was afraid to touch it. There is the same supernatural Being. I say this as a minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, fearing God, knowing that someday I must stand before Him in His presence to give an account for every word that I've said on this earth. I realize that. And I may be wrong. And if I am wrong, Almighty God forgive me, for I don't mean to be that way. But awhile ago when I made a personal, just a little personal saying about myself, about ten people got up and walked out. Well, there it is. If people were concerned about your soul, friends, you'd set down and solve the thing through, and not be so cut and dried in your own ideas. Someone's got to go to heaven, and someone's going the other way. So I guess there you are. "They have ears but they can't hear, eyes and they can't see. Is that right?

```
Jeremiah 5:21 Hear now this, O foolish people, and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and hear not:

Ezekiel 12:2 Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house.

Mark 8:18 Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?

Romans 11:8 (According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.

```
**39** Now, I want you to know that that Angel of God is no more to do with me that It is to do with you. That It's an Angel sent down from heaven. And if you don't believe Angels are ministering Spirits sent from the presence of God, then you don't know the Bible. Yes, sir. Someone said, "Brother Branham, angels is only for the Old Testament." Why, that's a error. The new church had more angels ministerings than what the Old Testament did. Yes, sir. Well they said, "The Holy Ghost leads the church." That's correct. The Holy Ghost is over all. This is the body. And it's true. But there's also ministering Spirits sent from the presence of God. We know that Mary and all those, they seen angels. And we know the new church seen angels.

```
Hebrews 1:13 But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?

Hebrews 1:14 Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?

```
**40** How about, you say, "Do you believe Philip had the Holy Ghost? Philip the evangelist?" After the Pentecost, he had the Holy Ghost, didn't he? But who was it told him to go out to the desert at Gaza? The Angel of the Lord came down (Is that right?) when he was having that revival at Samaria. Peter had the Holy Ghost. Do you believe that? And while they was having a prayer meeting for him at John Mark's house, the Angel of the Lord... What was it? A Light shined in the window. And the Angel of the Lord touched him and dropped the shackles off of him, and put him outside of the building. Is that right? And Peter had the Holy Ghost. Is that right? Paul the apostle had the Holy Ghost. Do you believe it? But after fourteen days, after no sun, moon, stars, Paul was absence for a long space down, the galley, praying. And he came out on the deck and said, "Be of a good cheer, for the Angel of God, whose servant I am, appeared to me last night and told me what things would be. And I believe God. It'll be just as He showed me." Is that right?

```
Acts 8:26 And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.

Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 12:8 And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.

Acts 12:9 And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.

Acts 12:10 When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.

Acts 12:11 And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the Lord hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.

Acts 12:12 And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.

Acts 27:20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.

Acts 27:21 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.

Acts 27:22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.

Acts 27:23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,

Acts 27:24 Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.

Acts 27:25 Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.

```
**41** The whole book of Revelations was showed John by an Angel. "I, Jesus, have sent My Angel to testify." Is that right? So angels are ministering Spirits, usually come in the form of lights. And I truly, personally, as I started to say awhile ago, with my Bible over my heart, I believe that the Angel of God... I've seen It since I was a little boy. In that little cabin they I told me He come in, that you seen the picture that the lady drawed last night, of a little cabin where I was born. That doesn't make me even equal with the church, or the people. That's right. It isn't the idea today, who's great and who's not great. The idea of it today is to get people to believe the Lord Jesus.

```
Hebrews 1:7 And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.

Hebrews 1:14 Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?

Revelation 22:16 I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.

```
**42** Now, God always works through man. Man is God's agency. Do you believe that? Jesus said, "As you have believed in God, believe also in Me." Now, the people that believed in God crucified Him. Is that right? thinking they were doing God's service. Now, I want to be honest with you. I think and believe that... The only way I can see that God sent His Angel down. I've seen It many times. I've ... it's... I happened to be borned at that time, or somehow to... God just had mercy upon me and give me the privilege of taking this out. And that doesn't mean even I'll be saved. I may be lost, maybe lost at that day. If I am, I'll love Him no matter where I am. If I've got a conscious of Him, I'll still love Him if He turns me down. I'll love Him with all my heart.

```
John 14:1 Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.

```
**43** Now, I believe He sent His same Angel. I have seen It. I've told people. Hundreds of Christians seen It come down visibly before ten thousand people one day when I was baptizing. They looked at it and seen it; the papers carried articles of it. Said it looked like a star appearing over a Baptist minister while baptizing at Jeffersonville. I seen it up there near Fort Wayne, Indiana, that night when I was standing there. And it come right down through the building. I was praying for a little boy, crippled. And there was a Nazarene girl playing the piano there, "The Great Physician Now Is Near." And I was praying for the little boy. And I thought the custodian turned the light in my face. And I thought, "That's ill-mannered." I looked up, and here come that whirl of fire, going, "Whheww." Come right to me where I was at I dropped the little boy, or he jumped out of my arms, or something. His little feet was drawed down by polio. And his--he hit the floor, and his little feet become normal. I'll give you the mother's address and those that... There he started walking off. His mother fainted when she seen the little lad. The Angel of the Lord was still near.

**44** The Nazarene girl looked up. And when she seen what had happened, she jumped up from the piano right away, and her hair fell down. She begin screaming and shouting, and the piano played the song completely through, "The great Physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus. He speaks to drooping hearts to cheer, no... There seventeen hundred people rushed to the altar, giving their hearts to Christ when they seen the ivory keys of that piano moving back and forth, the "Great Physician Now Is Near." I tell you: God's still God. Here at Camden not long ago, when I was trying my best to explain to the people. They were setting starchy. Down through the audience, I said, "I will not have to speak farther. Here He comes now." Here He come down through the audience, whirling around. A minister from California by the name of Adams up here, rushed to me. The Light was so, he stopped and shut his eyes, like that. And a photographer setting close took the picture. There it is in my book.

**45** Then down at Houston, Texas, when a ... own... Right in my own faith, the Baptist church, a minister discussing before many many thousands of people there in a big stadium. They was all discussing. This minister said, "I'd like to see that miracle worker. I like to see him," just acting smart. And Doctor Bosworth, he was the manager at that time, said, "I know Brother Branham's in here." I was up in balcony thirty. He said, "If he wants to come down and dismiss the audience, all right." When I walked down, I said, "Brethren, I only testify for the truth. I am not a divine healer." I said, "My literature is published practically in every language under heaven; I've spoke direct or indirect to around five or six million people. And never did I ever say that I was a divine healer. But to the contrary, I said Jesus Christ is the only Healer there is." I said, "He has sent me with signs and wonders," I said, "which is infallible. I can prove that tonight." I said, "That's infallible. And if I speak the truth, God will testify of me. If I speak not the truth, He will have nothing to do with me." And about that time from heaven, here He come whirling down where I was at before thirty thousand people. There it whirled down.

**46** And a photographer who had been hired, on the American Photographer's Association, come there to take six pictures of the man that was holding the debate--by the enemy. He snapped six pictures of him. And they asked all of them, the Look, Life, and Time, and them reporters to get back, take no pictures because they sell them. And this man run forward and shot a picture of it. And that night... He was an Orthodox Jew. The other man that was with him was a Roman Catholic. They took the picture home, put it in the acids to develop it. And to find out... And when they brought it out, my enemy's picture... Not my enemy, I wouldn't say that. He was an enemy of Christ, saying that he did ... even denied healing of Christ. He said, "Lazarus died, and Jesus is supposed to rise him again," said, "then he died again." He said, "When this corruption puts on incorruption, this mortal put on immortality." Dr. Bosworth said, "I believe every word of that. But we're talking about divine healing, the earnest of our salvation. That's what we're speaking of. If there's no divine healing, there's no redemption of the body. We have the earnest, the down payment of our salvation now." Amen.

```
1 Corinthians 15:53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.

```
**47** Notice. And then when the man pulled out those six pictures of the minister that was debating that the divine healing, and I was a devil and so forth. Every one of them was solid black and blank. There's his name and address. Send to the American Photographers Association and find out. When he pulled out the one he snapped, there was the Angel of God's picture whirling around where I was at. The first time in all the world's history that a supernatural Being was ever photographed. It was rushed to Washington, DC, copyrighted, sent back and give to George J. Lacy, J. Edgar Hoover, examiner. They kept it two days at the Shell Building in Houston. And when he come over there, and they all set out there together to find out what it was all about, he said, "Whose name is Branham?" I said, "Mine, sir." He said, "Stand up." He looked, said, "Mr. Branham, you'll die like all mortals do. But as long as there's a Christian civilization, your picture will never die." He said, "Because it's the first time in all the world's history that a supernatural Being was ever photographed." He said, "The old hypocrite has always said, "They... Scientifically, you can't prove there is a God." But said, "That has to be changed now, for here's scientifically... The Angel of God was there, and the Light struck the negative." There it was. There he signed ... wrote out a big document, signed his name to it. There it is right back there. You can look at it yourself. There's the Angel of the Lord.

**48** Brother, sister, if I don't come here tomorrow night, and you never see me again unless I'm in a casket somewhere, I still say that God has testified that I've told the truth. The Church knows it by signs and wonders; the scientist knows it by scientific research. And this same... I believe that's the same pillar of fire that followed the children of Israel. It's not me; it's Him. He can fail to come tonight. I have nothing to do with it. It's your faith that believes that it brings it down here to this present tense. Hallelujah. Don't think I'm excited. I'm not. I know what I'm speaking about. The Angel of God on the water of the pool of Bethesda, it was not the water that done the healing; it was the Angel that was on the water, and the faith of the people that stepped into it. Jesus said, "I can do nothing in Myself, but what the Father showeth Me to do... Whatever I seeth the Father doeth, that doeth the Son likewise."

```
John 5:2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

John 5:3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

John 5:4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**49** It's your faith. God has to have some sort of an object. He sent His Word. You... That's the real foundation there, the Word. Then He finds out that people has misconstrued it and set it this way and that way. Then when He sees the end drawing nigh, the time for deliverance again, He sends an Angel down out of heaven that verifies it, proves it scientifically to the church by the witness today. If Jesus should come today, the world is without an excuse. Amen. He's here. Someone said, "Brother Branham, aren't you afraid to make such statements as that?" No, sir. I've stood before tens of thousands, critics setting everywhere. I've never seen a time but what God always brought the deliverance. I've seen the critics come. A hypnotizer once was going to come to hypnotize [unclear words] . Yeah, what the... And the man's paralyzed yet tonight. That's right. Said, "You child of the devil, why do you try to deceive God?"One come to the platform one time, making out something; a minister of a certain church. His sins was called out, and he fell on the platform. We're not living in the days of playing church; we're living in the days when Jesus Christ is making Himself manifest to His church, to prove through His Word that He might be fulfilled. "These things that I do shall you do also." Amen.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**50** I'm thankful to be alive tonight. I'm thankful for the privilege to witness for my Lord, the power of His resurrection. Yes. And if no one in the world ever believes it but myself, I believe it with all my heart. But I'm thankful to give witness to tens of thousands, yes, into the millions that believe it, and believes. And I believe that God's going to let me live to pack it until all around the world it's been circulated. I believe when I get into those dark lands of Africa over there, where those poor people that's deprived and set back, I believe there'll be literally thousands times thousands of them accept our Lord Jesus when they see His power, and feeling the sweetening in different places. When they see them miracles raise up and tell the people, even when they're speaking their own language and tell them what it was, and it'd perfect every time. They'll fall by the hundreds at the altar and repent of their sins: Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**51** Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly Father, oh, my heart gets warm, real warm. The old world is judgment ripened. It won't be long till it'll be over. But oh, Father, while the hour of visitation is here, grant that Your children will see Lord, quickly. May great faith be built, translating faith, great faith that'll just make the people be ready for the great translation. Now, there's sick in here tonight, Lord. They're needy. Help. May that great pillar of fire that's showed there in the picture... Lord... That that I feel moving in my soul now, quietening these nerves from... I believe, Lord, that You're here to make manifest that what I've said. Grant tonight that Your people will be caught away on the wings of faith, flying beyond this faltery sense-bound world, bound to their senses. Grant, tonight, that they'll break out into that realm of faith beyond the senses, and accept You, and believe, and walk from this building, and be made well. Grant it, Lord. For we ask it in the name of Thy Son Jesus. Amen.

**52** You love Him? Honestly, tomorrow night I'll try to get just a little earlier. I love you, and you got such a respond out there. I don't get a chance every often to push my soul out like that and feel good. I just get a great big loving something out of it. I just... Last time when I was here, Brother Baxter was here and preaching hard. And I just wanted to talk to you so much, I just... I started preaching one Sunday, and the Holy Spirit caught me away. And the first thing I knowed, I was... Somebody had me outside. And I never did get to finish up. So I thought, "Oh, I'd just like to get a hold of that audience sometime and set them for a few days like that till we build up to a certain place like that, to a climax." I believe God will sweep over this building. May He grant it, and just heal every person in here before this service is over. Oh, I want to see it so bad.

**53** Right here where Mrs. McPherson went down, Paul Rader went down, great warriors of faith has went down here. O God, let me do it too, is my prayer. Let me stand here. Let me bring that faith that they've taught to a realization to the people, where it'll be a citywide sweep everywhere. Then men and women will realize that the great Physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus. Yes. That's what I want to do.

**54** Over on the East Coast, they're always hollering to me, "Why you going to the West Coast." Everybody pulls out to Los Angeles. Maybe that's God's place. That's right. Right here is probably where judgment will strike. And that's right. Let's get ready. My, this will probably be the first place it'll be hit, right in here. O church, hold to God's unchanging hand. Pray. How many will pray this week that I'll see my prayer answered, that God will sweep us something over this building that'll heal everyone that's in the Divine Presence. I seen it one time in Vandalia, Illinois. Is anybody here was at the Vandalia meeting that night, when that great claps fell down in the meeting like that? And every wheelchair, every stretcher, every blind person, every deaf, dumb, every one of them was perfectly healed, plumb to the end of our audience. They just piled the things in the corners like that, twenty or thirty of them in the corner. And God, how He worked. I want to see it again. God, grant it in California, is my prayer. There's one of the great feelings of me to returning back again. I want to see it.

**55** I love Paul Rader. Oh, I was a little boy, set at his feet back there when he was teaching. He preached. I remember one of his sermons he preached when he was in some land, and oh, what taken place. And he's setting on the log, saying, "I'm riding on it; I'm riding on it." He had malaria fever, or something or other, done blacked out and God healed him, and he believed it. I'm standing in his platform tonight. O God, have mercy. Yes. May God grant the great healing. Now, let's call the prayer line. Where'd we call from last night? One? All right. Where... How... Did you give out what today? All right, let's start somewhere over, let's get 80, start from 80 tonight. What you--what's the letter? S, S-80, 80 to 90, that'll be eleven. Let's try them first. You here now which crippled in the wheelchairs and things, well you just keep watching and look this a-way and if you've got a prayer card hold it up. I don't see but about two or three with prayer cards. Watch the different ones now in these chairs and things, line up quickly now. Let's sing if you will, "A Great Physician Now Is Near." Oh, let's everyone believe that He's going to show Himself tonight, before the audience. If you'll just give me a few minutes, and everybody be reverent now, just a few minutes now. Oh Father, help me. Do Lord, speaking now, the hour is getting late. But I pray God that your Angel will anoint Thy servant like never before. Grant it Lord, that these next few minutes, grant there'll be more healings done as ever been done here in the last revival that I had, Lord. Grant it, in Jesus' name, I pray.

**56** The great Physician now is near, The sympathizing Jesus, He speaks the drooping heart to cheer, Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in seraph song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue, Sweetest carol sung, Jesus, blessed Jesus. [Brother Branham begins humming "The Great Physician."] ...carol ever... [Brother Branham speaks inaudibly to someone.] ... you say she was [unclear words] . God bless you [unclear words] . God [unclear words] prayer right now. God bless you. Everyone be just as reverent as you can. This brother says he's drove five hundred miles. His daughter's dying in Pasadena with a cancer. And said, "Oh, have mercy, have mercy." Dear Jesus, please. The meeting's just starting now. Grant Lord, that just now that the same Angel that came into the prison bars where Peter was laying bound with his feet and hands. He couldn't get up, and he was going to be killed the next day. But down at John Mark's house, they were praying. And then the Angel shined through the window, and Peter was delivered. Grant just now that the Angel that I have spoke of, the Angel of God will shine into that hospital where that woman's laying bound by that demon. May his power be broken. May she be delivered as Peter of old, be brought out of the hospital and turned free to serve the Lord. Hear the prayer of Your humble servant as we ask this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Go now. And as you believe, God is going to grant it to you. Amen.

```
Acts 12:7 And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.

Acts 12:8 And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.

Acts 12:9 And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.

Acts 12:10 When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.

Acts 12:11 And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the Lord hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.

Acts 12:12 And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.

```
**57** All right, bring your patient. Have faith now. You believe do you, dad? You believe? Let me hear from her. Let me hear from you. Amen. He feels His presence now, believes that God has done the works. How many believe with me now? That's right. Now, it's late. And if everyone will be just as reverent as you can for a few minutes now... Don't stir if you possibly can for a few minutes. The anointing is great upon me just now. Look friends, I'm telling you from my heart (See?), just as sincere as I can: The Angel of the Lord's here now. The Angel that I speak of, the One that's there on the picture, is right here now. That is right. Believe now. I want to talk to the people. You be just reverent. Believe with all your heart that God will grant it. Maybe the people get even healed without discerning their conditions to see what's wrong with them. Everybody reverent please.

**58** Now, good evening, mother. It's kind of shook me just a little too, and I want to kind of quieten myself as I talk to you. You love Him? Do you love Him with all your heart? With all your heart? Yes, ma'am. Been serving Him for some time too, haven't you? Since a little child, a little girl [unclear words] . It started [unclear words] condition. Come a long ways, and now you're bothered with a nerve trouble, isn't that right, sister? Yes, sir. You've been... You've tried everywhere, tried to have... You've had many specialists to look at you, haven't you, to see if they... No one knows what causes it. Is that right? That's right. All right. This what is speaking now knows what it is. Our Heavenly Father, be merciful to this mother. As she's standing here, she wants to be healed. She's sought many doctors, but none can do her any good. Like the woman with the blood issue, she'd done many things, and spent all of her living with doctors; none could heal her. But she said within her heart, "If I can touch His garment, I'll be made whole." And this woman has been to many doctors, as I seen them examine her, and see them shake their head, and telling her get next to herself; as she witnessed back on this microphone that it was so. Grant, Lord, Your blessings upon her. Poor thing, she wants to live. She's getting aged. But You appeared to Abraham when he was a hundred. And You give him a promise, and he believed You for twenty-five years before it come to pass. But he counted those things which were not as though they were, and You rewarded him. Age means nothing to You, Father. You're divine. You're the Creator. Help me to have faith for her, seeing her there many times being prayed for in a prayer lines. But O Eternal God, hear the prayer of Your servant tonight, give her relief at this time, and she'll believe You. Thou demon, oh, you've hid from the doctors, true. But you can't hide from God. Come out of the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Raise up your hand. Say, "Praise the Lord." Go on off the platform; you're well.

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Romans 4:17 (As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.

```
**59** Let us say, "Praise the Lord." All right, bring the lady. God healed her. That is right. Do you believe me as God's prophet? You want to be healed? Forget about being nervous; you're already healed, sister. God has made you well in the name of Jesus Christ. God bless you. Let's say "Praise the Lord," everybody. Amen. A usher caught it too, down there. See? All right. Everybody reverent. All right, bring the lady. Come quickly. Believe on the Lord. Now, He's here in a great power. You remember, they led the lady to the platform. There she goes, walking out. Everyone reverent, believing. You believe, sister? All right, your tumor has left you, sister. Go off the platform and rejoice. Say, "Praise the Lord."

**60** All right, bring your patient on. God bless you, brother. Go on rejoice and be well. Amen. How do you do, sister. Do you believe me as God's prophet? With all your heart? You want to get rid of... What you want to bel... You want to get rid of your arthritis, don't you? Raise up your hands and say, "Praise the Lord." Now, jump your feet up. Now, go off the platform believing with all your heart, and you'll be healed. Say, "Praise the Lord." That's what He's trying to get you to praise Him for. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. Believe now. The lady stumbled on that. I'm afraid of that. All right, bring the lady. Just a minute. Just a little afraid she missed it. But wait till they [unclear words] . Get her in the... Howdy do, sister. Look this a way. Do you believe with all your heart? That... Wear glasses. That's from astigmatism from your eyes. But you're nervous, aren't you? I see you... Yes, you've got stomach trouble, haven't you? Peptic ulcers in the stomach. Go home and eat what you want to [unclear words] . Let us say, "Praise the Lord." He's here, friends, if you believe Him.

**61** All right, bring your next patient. Everybody, reverent. Have faith. Here stands faith by my side. You believe, don't you, mother? You want to be healed? All right, forget you ever had a cancer. God just healed you of it. Go off the platform and say, "Praise the Lord." Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. That's the way to believe the Lord. Have faith. Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Is that right? "If they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover." Is that right? If I lay my hands on you, would you be healed of arthritis? Go, and as you have received, believe it in the name of the Lord Jesus. All right. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. An old mother setting here in a wheelchair. She's happy about the rest of them being healed, aren't you, mother? You're trying to have faith, aren't you? I see your conditions. You--you're--you've been paralyzed, haven't you? Is that right? On the right side mainly. You've got a paralytic stroke. You're suffering with a gallbladder trouble too, aren't you? You have a gallbladder, kind of a nervous condition. Now, if you'll believe with all your heart... Now, just have faith. There's somebody behind right there setting there, pulling in on the same thing. I'm... Just see what was wrong. I see it coming. Just keep praying just for a minute.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**62** All right, everybody believe. Come on, now. Bring your patient right quick. Everybody reverent now. Now, keep praying, sister, looking this way. You do this: you look and believe that God has told... This is the truth that what I'm telling you now. Do you believe it? Have faith now. How do you do, sister. You believe with all your heart? Do you believe our Lord Jesus is here to make you well? Now, we're perfect strangers, aren't we, sister? Now, just a minute. I want to talk to you just a little bit. I feel it shaking. Maybe I want to talk to you, just to see what the Lord will say. Do you love Him with all your heart? Are you conscious of this Something near now, aren't you? You know that there's Something near that's taking place. Now, that is the Spirit of God.

**63** You're have a... You're worrying about something. You're bothered, upset. And it's not--it's nervous for one thing. You're real nervous, aren't you? kind of a mental nervousness, kind of causing you to--oh, have all kinds of funny feelings and so forth. Isn't that true? Then that mainly works on you in the afternoon, along late in the evening when you get tired and run down. And you... That has caused a trouble. Now, if I can just get to it. Just keep praying now, just a minute. It's... That's what's caused your trouble. It's from a nerve condition. Now, I want you just to remember that I'm talking with you just as Jesus talked with the woman at the well. And this, sister, this is what's standing near is not your... This is your brother. But that what's speaking, and on your heart is the Spirit of God. Do you believe that? Oh, yes. I see what's your trouble. You have a tumor, don't you? That's right. Isn't it a tumor? That's right. Do you believe that God's going to heal you? In the name of Jesus Christ, receive your healing.

**64** Let us say, "Praise be to God," wonderful. All right. Bring the ladies together, right quick. Come, sister. All right, now everyone reverent just for a few moments now. And we... Now, sister, I want you to look this a way, so I can kind of get it to talking just a little to you. Now, sometimes, it depends on how long you talk to the person, how it reveals. I have to come in contact with you. Sometimes I look around people with great faith, and just speak what's wrong with them, and quickly they get healed. But I'm trying to fight that off now, you see, to see just what is going to take place. Now, do you believe me as God's servant. Do you believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ has sent me to pray for the sick? And if I would--should lay my hands upon you, you believe that that which you're now feeling coming this--between you and I now is the Spirit of God? You believe that with all your heart? All right, sister, you've suffered quite awhile with what's wrong with you. You've been prayed for before. You've been in lines, had prayer. You had prayer at home for it. You're suffering with a heart trouble. Isn't that right? Yes, sir; it's a nervous heart. Now, I... You believe that God will make you well if I'll ask Him? Come here. O Jesus, now realizing this number one enemy takes more people than anything else, You sent Your delivering Angel to deliver the people. In the name of Jesus Christ, may our sister be healed. God bless you, sister. You may go and rejoicing, happy. Say, "Praise the Lord."

**65** All right, come ahead, lady. All right, everybody reverent. Do you believe, sister? I want you to look this a way now. Have faith. Believe in God with all your heart. What do you think about all this? Think it's wonderful? Do you believe it's the Spirit of the Lord? Do you believe that that what you feel now is the Spirit of the Lord? I see down in your paths it's been shadowed, hasn't it? many shadows. Now, everyone reverent. Now, it's just... It's kind of... I don't see just exactly for the sister now. Remember, friends, I have to see this. This has to come. I'm trying not to touch her body. If I touch her body, in a moment It would probably tell me what was wrong. But I'm trying to do it by seeing, to see if I can see a vision (You see?) just before it happens. Everyone believe. How many believes that God's able to do this through His servant? All right. Now, Satan's trying to battle me here. Just a moment.

**66** I want you to just to--just look this way, sister, and believe. I want just to talk to you just a moment. I... You're truly made up your mind that this is truly God's way of healing you. Is that right? You believe it with all your heart. You're nervous, aren't you, sister? You're very nervous now. Now, you can't... You feel that Something strange around you. That ain't--That isn't going to hurt you. That's the thing that'll heal you, if you're ever healed. Because I believe It's the Lord Jesus. I feel... Yes, it's in your... You got kidney trouble, haven't you? And it's in your back. That's right. All right, come here and be healed. O God, Author of Life, have mercy upon this woman, before she gets this uremic poison and kills her, Lord. Satan's determined to send this woman to a premature grave. But Lord, I come tonight in the name of Your Son, Jesus Christ. Satan, turn the woman loose. In the name of Jesus Christ, I rebuke thee. Amen. You believe? Go rejoicing and be happy.

**67** Let us say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. All right, bring the lady. All right, everybody reverent just a moment. Come forward, mother. I see someone on a crutch here. I'm... Now wait, maybe It'll tell just what caused her that to be crippled. Just a moment so that you will see that the Holy Spirit works on the crippled the same as It does on any. Now, I can't heal the woman. God knows that. But I can, by the grace of God, by this gift, I can tell her what's wrong with her, and what's caused it and so forth. That's right. Now, I could stand here and pray for you till I got to be a real old man. It would never heal you. But you can't stand here without me telling you what's wrong with you and what's in your heart. Because that's the gift that God give to me. That's to my--to work with it as God will let me. And... But now to heal, Jesus is already done that.

**68** Now, I'm going to talk with the lady. Now, mother, I want you to believe with all your heart that our Lord Jesus is here. Now, we're strangers, aren't we, mother? We've never met in life. We're strangers. And never... And now, do you believe that by the grace of God, I'll be able to help you through prayer? You believe it, and you believe that what I ask Him, He will grant to me? Now, if I asked you... If I... You know we're... I know nothing about you; it's just... No, I don't know nothing about you. But I'm trying to speak with you. You're human, mother; you got a spirit that I have got to contact also by this gift. And as your faith pulls it down, It comes over me and speaks Itself. See? It's not me operating; it's you. You see? You're the one that's doing the operating. Now, I'm... I just... The talking to you. Do you love Him with all your heart? With all your heart? With all your heart. God bless you, my sister. God grant you a closer walk with Him, mother. Yes, mother, isn't that cane that's bothering you; you have cancer. Isn't that right? It's cancer. That's why you're weak on it. Is that right? Come here and be healed. Our heavenly Father, help our dear sister. O merciful Father, grant the healing of our sister. Thou demon called cancer, in the Name of Jesus Christ, leave the woman. Come out of her. Believe now, mother. Put your old cane on your shoulder and walk on out of the building [unclear words] .

**69** Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everybody. There was something shook me at that time when I called that cancer. There's... Now, just a moment. If I can find it in the audience... Everyone reverent now. The little boy, I see you got a prayer card in your hand, honey. Now, just a moment. Look this... It's not cancer there. Just... Here it is. It's a lady laying on the cot here. Isn't that right, sister? You believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and God will heal you of the cancer. You've had it for a long time, haven't you, sister? Been bothering you for years. Isn't that right? I see a long space of darkness. Isn't that right, dad? Do you believe she can be healed? With all your heart you do? Mother, do you believe it? Now, look. I'm going to tell you your trouble. Here's your trouble. You belong to church. That's right. But you're not as far along in God as you ought to be. You want... Isn't that right? You're trying to have faith. You belong to a certain denominational church. Isn't that right? I could call it right now, but... You wish for me to call it? Would that help you? I believe, if I'm not mistaken, it's the Methodist church you belong to, either Methodist or... It's the Methodist church, and I... Is that right? All right. You believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and He will heal you of that cancer right now where you're at. Amen. Amen. Believe it. Accept it. Raise up. Throw your clothes back. Walk out of the building and be healed, and go home. God bless that woman. God heals Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian. She's standing up to accept her healing. Out of the crutch--out of the cot. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." Take her right on out. Walking by faith in the name of the Lord Jesus. The great Physician now is near, The sympathizing Jesus; He speaks the drooping... (Look going out that door, bound past...) Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in seraph song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue; Sweetest carol ever sung, Jesus, blessed Jesus. All right, be seated now just a moment. I don't know what happened to the woman. Just a moment now. Everyone reverent. There was somewhere I spoke to a--spoke to a little boy. I believe it was right here. I seen something on the little boy, but I couldn't get what it was. Honey, you're setting there, a mighty sweet little boy. I want you to stand up just a minute. I want you to look at Brother Branham. Do you believe me, honey? You do. Well bless your little heart. Now, I've never met you in my life. I don't know who you are, nor nothing. But I want you to look this way, and I want you to... Do you believe if our Lord Jesus was here... Do you remember when He took up little boys like you and blessed them? and said, "Suffer little children to come to Me." Didn't He? Well now, if He was here tonight, what would He do for you? He would heal you, wouldn't He?

```
Matthew 19:14 But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.

Mark 10:14 But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

Luke 18:16 But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

```
**70** I want you to lay your prayer card down there in the seat. I want you to come up here to me. Something's wrong with him. There's too many pulling right in there. I can't find out what it is. If I can get the little fellow here by myself. Come here, little boy. Now, I want you to look this a way. A fine little boy... Yes, honey boy. It's a rupture (Is that right?) in the rectal, I believe. Is that right? A rectal trouble... All right, little boy, come here. Jesus has gone up to heaven, but He sent Brother Branham to lay hands upon you. Do you believe that? Father, I obey the commandments of my Lord, that this boy will get well from this trouble. In the name of Jesus Christ, I ask it. Amen. God bless you, honey boy. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." Oh, my. Be reverent. How wonderful. Oh, lad, he wants to shake hands with them all over there. Isn't He wonderful?

**71** What's you looking so strangely about, sister? You're wanting to be prayed for, don't you? You're trying to get... You said in your heart, "If I could get up there, I'll be healed." Is that right? Lay your prayer card down and come here. Yes, ma'am. That's right. Come around here just a minute. Good faith. The reason I'm bringing her up here is because she wants to come. It's in her heart to come. She just wants me to touch her. She's already healed. She wants me to come touch her. Wasn't that a very strange feeling come over you when you--I said that to you? Come here just a minute. Now, your female trouble is gone, sister. You can go off the platform rejoicing. Serve the Lord now with all your heart.

**72** Let us say, "Praise the Lord." The colored sister setting there. She wants to be healed too, don't you sister, sitting there on the end there. All right, stand up on your feet. All right. You want to be over that nervousness, don't you? Isn't that right? Raise up your hands, say, "Praise the Lord," and be over it. God heals you now. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." How many believes with all your heart? Stand up on your feet. Let's be healed, every one of you. O Jesus, Son of God, heal... Every one... I just touched a little baby with eczema broke out on a rash for God to heal it. Lay your hands on one another there, you people. Lay your hands over on each another. That's right. O God, have mercy just now. Heal those that's in need. May the Holy Spirit fall upon this audience just now, and heal every one of them. Satan turn them people loose. In the name of Jesus Christ, I adjure thee to leave them.
