---
Date: 1956-04-08
Title: The time is at hand
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: the Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 21 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The time is at hand



**1** Thank you Brother Joseph. Shall we bow our heads just a moment for prayer. Our Heavenly Father as we come now to the end of the day, to the end of this campaign, we are grateful to Thee for Thy goodness to us. We are unworthy of the things that You do for us. But we bow our hearts in gratitude and adoration to You. And we pray that You will smile upon us tonight and say, "It was well done." The healing service is coming up, Lord. A group of people like this, there's many in here that's sick and needy. And I pray, Father, that somehow that You will heal every one of them tonight. And may there not be a feeble one left in our midst when this service closes.

**2** May You just spread forth Your great arms and take them all into Thy bosom. And show unto them, Lord, Thy love. And the sinners that's here. O God, we pray that You'll save every one and call back to the fold those who have strayed away. And we'll bow our heads and give Thee praise. For we ask it in the name of Thy dear beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen. You be seated.

**3** It's always a great pleasure to be in Lane Tech High School in Chicago, Illinois, and with my dear beloved friend Joseph Boze, Brother Einer Eckberg, Brother Hutchison, and these other brethren, and with all you dear people. And a very heartily thanks to all of you for your kindness. It was just... I was thinking just a few moments ago, "I wish I could put on a list of names of all who had gave me a birthday present." And, why, I would have a sheet of paper like that. And I just want to say this sincerely you understand what I mean: A heartily, "God bless every one of you." And I was undoing one of the little packages a little while ago, and a little pair of rompers fell out for my little Joseph. And I... Well, I just ... Something in my heart. Did you ever get to a place where you couldn't express what you want to? See? And the only thing I know to do is just say, "God bless you." That's all I can say. Thanks a million.

**4** Now, tonight, the closing of this campaign. I am always happy to be with the Chicago people. I wish all the Chicago people were just like these that's here in Lane Tech, tonight. And I'm sure they are, if they would just get acquainted with the same Jesus that you know. They'd ... there would not be... If everybody in Chicago was like the people in Lane Tech tonight, I believe that we could just send all the police out on a vacation, see. Just open up all the jails, and say, "Well, there's no need of fooling with them anymore. Scrap them." And we would have... There would be peace in this valley here for everyone. Some day it will be that way, friend. And we are looking for that day: that great day when Jesus shall come the second time to receive those who have become His servants. I want to be included in that number that day. And then that He has loved me and forgave me of my sins, and has given me a little way that I appreciate to help win others to Him.

**5** Sometime this afternoon, maybe my... I over estimated, maybe. But maybe twenty people or more accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as personal Savior. Oh, that thrills my heart to see that. Just makes me feel so good. And know that according to God's Word, when their hands went up to accept Christ---and I believe it with deep sincerity---every one of them Jesus brought into His kingdom today. He can't take His Word back. He promised He would do it. And He said, "No man can come except My Father draws Him." And if the Father was here drawing them to Jesus and they come and said, "I now want to accept Him," then there's nothing left but they're just accepted, that's all.

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**6** Now, that brings you to the ... into the believers. That includes you now, as a Christian believer. And now, I would do this, (to give you advice) I wouldn't stop here. I would ask God to give me the Holy Spirit, to baptize me into the church, into the body of believers, by the Holy Ghost. And to make me a coworker in His kingdom with Him. And join some good church. Just don't stay away from church; go out to some church and help the fellowship of that church. And that's for all you who have been saved in these meetings. Now, I think Brother Oral Roberts... I was going to announce his meeting, but I think he is closing tonight, also. And I don't know whether Brother Freeman is going to close tonight or not. [A brother says, "He starts tonight."] He starts tonight, I'm sorry. I don't get the itinerary of these brothers. The only thing that I have is just... I don't have a magazine of my own. Brother Joseph, he is kind enough to let me use his magazine for my itinerary and articles to be printed.

**7** My son, Mr. Woods and them was telling me (some of them) a few moments ago when we come in the door, they had had some wonderful testimonies of the healing power of our Lord Jesus. To that I am grateful. I think it's worth ever effort. My wife, and babies, and them will smile when I tell them that souls came to the Lord Jesus and people were healed. We know what it is to suffer. We have sickness in our own family. When one of the little ones gets sick and things, wife and I just takes them into the room, lay them on the bed, put our arms around each other and get down before Father. And say, "Father, You gave us the children, now, and we are at our wits end, we don't know what to do. And we ask You if You will be so kind as to heal them of this sickness that Satan has put on them." He hasn't failed us yet. And I don't believe He will. We love Him for this. And then being that He helps us, we love to tell you about Him. Maybe if you did not know it, He wants to help you. His love is free to all. And the Lord grant tonight that each suffering person... When I stand here at this microphone, each time when I stand and look and see people sitting there, and I see them clamoring... If I could only... See? And I... Looked like that I have just called some up to pray for. And I think, "Well, what of this? What is it about? Am I trying to help the people?"

**8** I have often wondered if the old fast line we used to have, to lay hands on them, if that worked better. I am trying to get one thing to the people: that is, that me, or any other man to touch doesn't mean so much. What it is, is for your faith to touch Him. That's where it is at. And I, with a sincere heart, I really mean that, I want to see you get help. And God knows my heart. I do every thing that I know how to do. If I was fixing, the next two seconds, to pitch over this platform and be taken to the morgue, I would try with all my heart to help God's children. 'Cause I love God and I love His children. I can't love God without loving His children. And if I love the children, as a father would be, I'm trying everything I know how to get them to believe on Him for help; to make burdens a little lighter, make life a little sweeter to you. 'Cause it's short, it's not very long we are going to stay here anyhow.

**9** And what it is, we have to stand it in misery where Satan has bound us down, I like to tell the message, the good news, that Jesus come to liberate you from these things. And to see Him do it for so many, well, I can't believe God to be a respect of person. I believe He would do it for all who would believe it. And that's why we are here. Pray for me. We drive home tonight, probably get home around four or five o'clock in the morning. And got to be in Louisville at eight, and then oh, a real busy day tomorrow. And then pack up again tomorrow night and leave for Columbia, South Carolina. Then into Spindale, up into Charlotte, and from there up to Anchorage, Alaska, back Indianapolis, Indiana, and then over, perhaps, to Minneapolis, in the next service. And so, you'll pray for me, won't you?

**10** And I'm not sure yet, of going overseas on this ... after June of this year. But if the Lord should call me and wherever I am and the battle gets heavy... And I have a lot of opposition. I have things that I couldn't tell you people. I don't tell nobody. I just keep that to myself. And many times that I stand here sometime, merely with a broken heart, and look over the audience, and see people that I'd think, "O God, that lovely person. How could they think that in their heart?" See? And, makes me feel bad, but I just keep on anyhow. So, when I'm... You'll pray for me, won't you? I'll pray for you. And if I can ever be of any help to you, why, write me a letter. If you need a prayer cloth, or call me up for me to pray with you, I'll do it. Never be too sleepy or too tired, but what I'll do my best to help you. And if you should pass over before we see again, I want an appointment with you to meet you over there, someday. By God's grace, I am on my road. And if you are not, tonight, may you make this night your decision time that you will make your choice in Jesus Christ. God bless you.

**11** Now, in the reading of the Gospel. I was telling Pastor Boze just a few moments ago... And I want to express again outwardly my gratitude and appreciations to Pastor Boze. You know we are all... We have our ups-and-downs and there's sometimes that we have our ins-and-outs, as we call it. But, Brother Joseph has proven to be my friend in all kinds of weather. And I love that all weather friend, don't you? Whether you are right or wrong. And I appreciate Brother Joseph. He didn't know I was going to say that, and probably would have stopped me if I was going to say it. But I would rather give him a little rosebud now, than a whole wreath after he's gone. And I appreciate Brother Joseph Boze.

**12** And his relative, Mrs. Michen Roby, the great work that she is doing in Germany for those poor little children. In Shreveport the other day, when I met her down there, and she was out soliciting and doing everything she could to support them poor little refugees in Germany. And she give me some papers. And I happened to put them in my pocket. And at home, you know when you go home how your little kiddies are: They want to search your pocket. "Daddy, did you bring me something?" No matter what it is, they are expecting something. And they picked up these papers, and I seen little Rebekah in there reading it. And she come back. She said, "Daddy, did you see these little fellows when you was overseas?" She said, "Maybe I could give them one pair of my shoes." I said, "Honey, daddy will just give some of his love offerings and things like that to help it, so that we can send over to help those people."

**13** You know, Jesus said, "I was needing clothes and you didn't clothe Me. I was hungry and you didn't feed Me." So, we want to remember those things. God bless that young lady. I was thinking today of her as she went down to the broadcast ---a nice looking young woman and she is scholarly, educated, one of the best nurses we got in the nation, to my opinion; or, I believe that she is Adlai Stevenson, wasn't it, private nurse or something? [A man says, "Right."] And a woman that would sacrifice everything and go to a country to give her life for the Lord Jesus. That means a whole lot. That has to come from God, to do that. And I certainly admire this young lady.

**14** Now, I want to read two parts of the Scripture. And just take a few moments, then we'll start the prayer line. 'Cause, not to take up your time, and we are in a hurry to get going back, and then pray for some of the sick. Over in Saint John the 17th chapter and the 1st verse, these lovely words of our Savior. These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son that thy Son also may glorify thee: And in Revelations the 1st chapter and the first two or three verses. The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto the saints things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep the things which are written therein: for the time is at hand. I would take, if it was, for a text for just a few moments: The Time Is At Hand.

```
John 17:1 These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:

Revelation 1:1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:

Revelation 1:2 Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.

Revelation 1:3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.

```
**15** You know, this was the revelation that God gave to His age-seer, the last of the prophets of that age; of the original prophets that was with Jesus. John, believed by many theologians to be John, the beloved who leaned on His bosom. And he had been exiled out into the isle of Patmos for the Word of God's sake. And he was a man who (one time, after following the Lord Jesus along) he was a man who wanted to burn down the city, because that they refused to give them some food. Said, "Shall we call fire out of heaven?" But how that God had changed him since Christ had left the outside of him and come inside. And he was out on the isle of Patmos, known as the lover of the New Testament: John the beloved. And exiled out there for preaching the Word. And he was in the Spirit on the Lord's day and God sent an Angel and testified to him the things that was to come. In other words, He laid down the fulfilling of all things that's to be met in the last days is prophesied, and the book was sealed. Nothing else can be added to it or nothing to be taken away from it.

```
Luke 9:54 And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?

```
**16** And as we read this marvelous book of Revelations, there's been ... in my home church, I taken once, almost a year and a half to go through it, slowly, each night teaching on just the book of Revelation and comparing it with the rest of the Bible and the ages and so forth that had passed on. Now, there is time for all things. That's an old American slogan, and it's true. There's times that when you have to break your ground to plant your crop. There's times that you have to sow your seed; then there's time that you reap your seed. There's times that nations has to begin; there's times that nation has to end.

**17** And the time that... Every fellow has to come to a time where you make a decision. There has got to be a time where you make your decision of whether you are going to be married or not. Then the decision that you and your girlfriend has to make whether you are going to live together, or get married or not. There is all kinds of decisions to be made in life and they will linger long for a certain period, and then a time comes where it's got to be settled. That is the last time; it's got to happen now, one way or the other. And Christian friend, I believe that we are living in the end time, that when all things that was written in the Bible; it's time now for all these things to come to pass. And I believe that the very things that we see happening now, it's just exactly in season with God's Word.

**18** Now, there was a time when God made the heavens and earth and put man on the earth. And then when men begin to multiply, and wax great in the earth, building cities and many people begin to be fully populated, wickedness set in among the hearts of the people, and the time came where God had to send judgment. God set a time for that judgment. And then, He also had a preacher of righteousness by the name of Noah, who preached a hundred and twenty years. And was turned down by everyone except his own family. Then the time came that what Noah had prophesied through God must come to pass. And the antediluvian destruction taken place, and God floated the ark through, preserving Himself a seed.

```
Genesis 6:5 And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.

2 Peter 2:5 And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;

```
**19** There was a time when God spoke to Abraham and told him that his seed would sojourn for four hundred years, and be evil entreated in a nation, a heathen nation. But He would bring them out with a mighty hand. Now, before that could take place which God had said, God had to have this nation ready, He had to have the people ready, and then He had to have a Moses ready to go down there. God makes everything work together right, just like cogs coming together. We see it off, sometime, in a distance and wonder, "Could it ever be?" But it always happens just the way God said it would be. And when the time of the promise drew nigh, there come a pharaoh who did not know Joseph. And then at the time of the persecution and killing of the little children, God sent Moses; a prophet came on the scene. And miracles and signs begin to happen in the age because the time of that age was finished.

```
Genesis 15:13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;

Genesis 15:14 And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.

Exodus 1:8 Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.

Exodus 1:16 And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.

```
**20** There come a time where the Hebrew children had to make a stand, whether they were going to bow down to a heathen image or whether they were going to keep their faith in the true and living God. The time came when the decision must be made. And they made the right decision and God was with them. The time came when the prophet Daniel had to make a decision: whether he would fail to pray (he would keep the tradition of the religion of that country), or whether he would go his regular custom, where he had fellowship with God, raise up the windows and pray towards the temple daily. And Daniel had to make his decision. And the time finally forced him to a place to where he had to make it.

```
Daniel 3:18 But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.

Daniel 6:10 Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.

```
**21** God, when He speaks anything, He forces it to the place. And Daniel had to make a decision. And he went straight to his place of worship, and raised up the windows and worshipped God. God protected his prophet. God will always do it. There come a time where there had to be the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Isaiah, eight hundred and twelve years before, had prophesied that there would be a voice of one crying in the wilderness. How little did the people know it. How little was they expecting it. The ages had went on and the places ... the idea of the supernatural and the idea of those things that faded from the people's hearts.

```
Isaiah 40:3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.

Daniel 6:10 Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.

```
**22** And all of a sudden, right out of a blue sky, as we say it, there came a fellow out of the wilderness, a burly looking fellow, preaching repentance and telling the people that the ax was laid to the root of the tree. And every tree that didn't bring forth good fruit was hewed down and cast into the fire. And he said, "I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance, but there cometh One after me." If the people would have been aware of the prophecy of God, they would have known that John was to prepare the way of the Lord, according to the prophecy. He said, "I am not he, but there is coming one after me who's shoes I am not worthy to loose. He will baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire. And His fan is in His hand. And He will thoroughly purge His floor and gather the wheat into the garner. And burn the chaff with unquenchable fire."

```
Matthew 3:10 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

Matthew 3:11 I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:

Matthew 3:12 Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.

Mark 1:7 And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.

Mark 1:8 I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.

Luke 3:9 And now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

Luke 3:16 John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:

```
**23** And then come Jesus of Galilee to Jordan to be baptized of him. Just an ordinary looking young fellow of about thirty years old, walked out into the water. All these years since the time of a child, where the Angels sang and the Magis followed the star, and nothing had been said very much about Him. But when He was really to be the Son of God, the anointed Messiah, God gave a sign out of heaven. John said, "I didn't know Him." But the time had come for who John had been told by, to vindicate who the person was. For he said, "He that sent me to baptize with water said, 'Upon whom thou shall see the Spirit descending and remaining, He is the One that will baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire.'" The time came when that had to come to pass. The time came for Jesus to go into His ministry, for miracles and signs and wonders to be done. The time came for the Pharisees to reject Him, the church to turn Him down. The time came for the crucifixion. The time came for the revelation. The time came for the resurrection. And all these things has time limits.

```
John 1:33 And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.

```
**24** The time came for the woman who had the blood issue. She had waited all these years to be healed. She had went to the doctors for many years, but her issue kept coming forth. The doctors gave her medicine. And nothing would stop it. But the time came when she'd said within her heart, "I hear this One, and I believe Him to be the Messiah. If I can only touch His garment, I will be made every whit whole." And if you believe that in your heart, God is obligated then to present that before you. If you believe it. Now, what if Jesus would have come and she'd looked down to the river that morning, and seen Him get out of the boat, tired, weary bunch of men, and she would have said, "Well, I hear them laughing at Him. Maybe I had better not go down." Then it would have never happened. But God presented Him. And when God presented Him, she went and touched and believed, because her time was that time.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

```
**25** The time came that, when He had told Nathanael back there, "If I told you where you was at, or what your name was, or so forth and you believed that, you shall..." It will be a time when the dead that's in the grave shall hear the voice of the Son of God and shall come forth. And the time came for that to happen. And He walked to the grave of Lazarus, and there stood the apostles, standing around. And Jesus called a man after being dead four days, back to life again. Because He had said so. Now, friends. The time came for the carrying away of the temple. The time came for the erecting of the abomination that maketh desolation that is spoken by Daniel. And now, it has went to the siege. The time has come, and passing, where the prophet said, "There will be a day that it won't be neither dark nor light. It will be a day... But in the evening time, it will be light."

```
Daniel 12:11 And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.

Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

```
**26** Now, we'll watch: Civilization traveled from the East. China is supposed to be one of the oldest civilizations we have. And it traveled east going west ... civilization has. And now we have come plumb to the west coast and revolved back around. The sun really rises in the east and sets in the west. Now, I want to ask you something. If the eastern people... The sun rising in the east certainly shined on the eastern people first. And they received a revival. And that was the Pentecost that had been prophesied for years and years, how God would inaugurate His church and send out a group of people that would do great signs and wonders. And the time came for Pentecost to come. They were gathered in the upper room. They wasn't discussing their religion. They were with one accord in one place. And the time came for the promise of the Father as He said through Joel, "I will pour out My Spirit in the last days upon all flesh." And the time came.

```
Joel 2:28 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:

```
**27** And the Bible said, "When the day of Pentecost had fully come, there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind. It filled all the house where they were sitting. Cloven tongues sat upon them like as a fire. They were all filled with the Holy Ghost and begin to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave utterance." Out into the streets they went. And Peter, standing up, began to preach to them. The time had come because God had said so. From that little church went forth signs and wonders and everything. They laid people in the shadow of a man called Peter, a fisherman, who could not even sign his own name. The Bible said, "He was ignorant and unlearned." But they knowed and taken heed that he had been with Jesus. And they laid people in his shadow, and they were healed, because God had prophesied through His prophets that these things would take place.

```
Acts 2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.

Acts 2:2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.

Acts 2:3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.

Acts 2:4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.

Acts 4:13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

```
**28** That was the breaking of the day in the eastern country. Now he said ... the prophet said, "There'll be a day, that it'll not be night or day." It'll just be kind of a gloomy, misty weather. The sun went down. But the sun yet shining through the clouds, if it's cloudy, we yet walk by sunlight. But not the fullness, brightness of the light. And then, we've come through two thousand years, almost, of that kind of a condition, where we've had fine churches, organizations. Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Pentecostals, all different kinds of churches has come up during this time. And they have had enough faith to believe that Jesus was the Son of God, enough light to look at the Bible and know that He died for our sins.

```
Zechariah 14:6 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:

Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**29** But what has happened? The people has said, "But the days of miracles has passed." Why? They didn't have the light on it. They couldn't see it because God said they couldn't see it. And they could not see it. But the prophet said, "In the evening time, the sun will shine. It will be light in the evening time."

```
Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**30** And now, here in America---the extreme western country, the greatest of the western civilizations---that I believe with all my heart, is now ... there is breaking forth an old-fashioned Holy Ghost revival just like it was in the beginning with the same type of ministry, same signs and wonders, the same divine healing, the same reaction on the people; just like it was in the beginning. For it's the same sun that rose in the east, is setting in the west, and the time has come for these things to be fulfilled. And I believe that that is exactly the reason you are seeing things go on the way they are today. It has happened, the time. Look, when was there ever in the history---you people who are historians---when was there ever a time that a universal revival started since the day of Pentecost of the phenomenon of divine healing and the powers of the Holy Ghost, the gifts of the Spirit? When did it ever happen?

**31** Oh, every time they've had a revival in a little place, healings would take place or something like that, just in a little group of people. When the Methodists, when they had a revival, they had divine healing. And the Baptists used to have some divine healing. And many of the others, we find out, that had some signs. But if you will look friends, this great universal revival, the fires are burning on every hill of every nation in the world. Right. Great signs and wonders in Korea, down there. God raised up some little people down there, after that Korean War when they were struggling and having a hard time to make a living, and God has raised up prophets, and signs and wonders, and a revival that's just swept through Korea, of an old-fashioned, apostolic revival of men and women who didn't even know the Bible. "God is able of these stones," said John, "to rise children unto Abraham."

```
Matthew 3:9 And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

Luke 3:8 Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, That God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.

```
**32** We are at the end time. And that's where we are standing today: a universal revival. It's the sign of the coming of the Lord Jesus. He will come, and He cannot come until the gospel has been preached into every nation, and they have at least ... not every nation received it, but every nation has heard it. When this Gospel has been preached to every kindred tongue and nation, then the end shall be. I was so amazed to go way into the dark jungles, and back into the places of lands where heathen sacrifice would be made; kill a goat and spread the blood over the people, and all the carrying on you ever heard, to idols. And find missionaries back there, not Pentecostal---Pentecostal, too---but Presbyterian, and Baptist, and Christian. And they had received the Holy Ghost and was doing signs and wonders in the midst of the people. And I said, "Are you a Pentecostal?" Said, "No, brother, I belong to the Christian church." And I said, "You mean the Campbellite church?" "Yes." Said, "Our people wouldn't... In America they would never receive it. But we have found God."

**33** What is it? The time has come! Amen. Yes, the time has arrived that God is raised on the scene. The old formal church age is gone. And the time that God is doing a new thing. And He is not only doing it here, He has swept it around the world. Everywhere. Way up into Iceland, into the Eskimos, out into the Indian tribes, way down in South India, Delhi, and in there, down in there, we find signs and wonders. Ministers half starved out there in the old jungles a working, and preaching, and praying. Not long ago I talked to a famous man. He said, "I would like to show you something on the communist line." Went down into a little place and sitting in there, he said, "I'll show you where they're worshipping." And I'll tell you, it looked like a groundhog hole where they were going down. And when we went into that place, there were people down there praying with their hands up, and screaming, and shouting, over the place. And I said, "My, all these Pentecostals?"

**34** Said, "There isn't a Pentecostal among them. They are Presbyterians, and Baptists, and Methodists, and Lutherans, and them that has hungered. They've been strained so hard, till they have been pressed in, till they have got a touch of God and they are hungry. And God has filled their hearts with the baptism of the Holy Ghost." Pentecostal people, we organize---I call myself one of you, same as I do a Baptist---we've organized ourselves and isolated ourselves, but the time has come when God has broke those barriers down. And He'll do it Himself, if we ministers won't take it to them. The time has come. And it's at hand now. The time has come for God Jehovah to rise on the scene and show Himself. He always does it, just at the junctions of time. And that time is now. The light is shining.

**35** It's time now for me to stop preaching. It's time for me to pray for the sick. It's time that God will fulfill His Word. Jesus said, "The things that I do will you do also. Even more than this, for I go unto My Father." It's time for God to prove that this Word is truth. Not only a mythical story, not like Buddha where they produce psychology. The Buddhists, the Mau Maus and ever other kind, they have a psychology with it. But there is not another religion under the skies that can produce the signs and wonders of a resurrected Jesus Christ, except the Holy Ghost itself, working in the people.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**36** Our denominations, here... Here the other day I read a letter from a sister who was with Billy Graham and them, down in Saipan---Brother Moore's daughter. Their picture was together in the paper where they had a interview. And as soon... Mrs. Moore said ... or, Mrs. Price, it is now, said when they went in there, here they had a missionary place there, and they begin to talk. And Brother Osman was there and said, "Now, I had a little talk with them," and he said, "Brother Branham,"... was when I was having a meeting and I seen the Angel of the Lord perform something there that night. And some people from a famous church, the Christian church, went around to Mrs. Moore and said, 'We are on our way now to America to find Brother Branham to bring him back to Saipan.'" Said, "Our church ... sure, we wrote to them and told them what had broke out down here." Said, "We are having a real revival." Said, "We are praying for the sick, signs and wonders," and said, "the Holy Ghost is falling upon our people. They are speaking with tongues and showing great signs and wonders all over the place here." And said, "We are having a real revival!"

**37** The time has come when God has broke the denomination lines and shed forth His Holy Ghost upon the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, and all, and whosoever will have a humble, contrite heart. The separating time has come. There is a plumb line. You'll meet one side of the line or the other. You are that way tonight, friends; on one side of the line. The time has come that when you sick people... Many of you has come here tonight to be healed; the time has come for your healing. I say to you that there is not enough men in this world that could come together and do anything towards divine healing for you. And there is only one healing and that is divine healing. No other healing at all. Doctors don't heal, they don't claim to heal. They set bones and sew up places, but they don't put calcium and knit the bone together. And neither do they build tissue and heal the arm that's cut, or whatever it is. They only sew it up, and keep it clean while God heals it. That's right. They are God's servants to do so. Just like the man that makes soap to wash your hands with. The same thing.

**38** Now, the man that makes an automobile, to give you transportation, or an airplane. It's just the goodness of God. But God is the giver of every good thing, and only healing can come through Almighty God. Yes, sir. I'd like to see the man that if I'd break my arm, I'd lay it out to him, say, "Doctor, heal my arm right quick. I got to continue on my message." Why, he'd think I was crazy. Certainly. He can't do it. He'd say, "I'll set your arm." "Well, I thought you could heal. If you can heal me, heal me. I want to be healed." He can't. The only thing he can do is say, "Sir, I can set your arm and get it in place. Almighty God has to do the rest." That is right. He might take appendix out, or pull a tooth out, but he'd never heal the place it come from. That's right. It takes God. God builds tissue. God is the only healer. And the time has come that you, my friends... Many of you has went to fine doctors here in the city, which Chicago is noted for its fine doctors. And I am so happy for them and for every clinic and for every hospital. But let me tell you, every time you hear a siren ring and every time you pass a graveyard, every time you see a gray hair, remember that's God warning you that someday you've got to meet Him. You're not here to stay all the time. And I am happy about it. Aren't you? Certainly.

**39** The time has come now for us to realize these things. The time has come when God is breaking the boundaries down. And the time has come that the devil is rising up like a wild lion, going about roaring, doing everything he can. But the great battle is being set. I wonder what it would be tonight, if we could climb above the heavens of heaven and look at this great drama as it's getting set together now, fixing to come to pass, of God and the devil coming to a showdown. I'm so glad I'm on the winning side. I'm so glad that I follow the Lamb. Because it said, "The Lamb overcame them for He was King of kings and Lord of lords." The time has come now for you to make a decision, tonight, what side you will be on. And I trust God that you'll make the decision that you'll follow the Lamb.

```
Revelation 17:14 These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.

```
**40** Shall we pray. Our Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight because this is the time. Tomorrow may be too late for many people here. It may be too late for some that's sitting here sick, and may die; they may be sinners and not know You. And it may be too late in the morning. And just think, they'll never have another chance, as long as eternity rolls on. This may be the last time that You will give a call to their heart. O God, in tender mercy, not willing that any should perish, but would all come to repentance. I pray Thee, Heavenly Father, that just now, that You will speak to hearts in here about their eternal destination and where they shall spend it. Oh, may it come to pass, Lord, that every heart that You touch will raise their hand and make a decision now, and say, "This is my time. And I now come to the Lord Jesus."

```
2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**41** And while we have our heads bowed, and if the organist will give us a note ... a chord on the organ. I wonder while we are sitting in your seats where you are, if you feel that just at this time that something has struck to your heart, that it's a time for you to make a decision from this night on, "God, I'll raise my hand to You. I'll serve You." Will you raise your hand to God, let Him see your hand, as you put up your hand? God bless you, and you, and you. Yes, the Lord bless you, and you, all over. Yes, twenty hands or more is up. All right, up in the balcony. Someone up there say, "This is my time." My beloved friends, I may never see you again in this earth. This may be our last time to see each other. But when I meet you yonder, the message that I preached tonight will witness that I have told the truth. Jesus Christ, who is here in the building now, will witness in ten minutes from now that I have told the truth. That's right.

**42** We don't have... We are one thing sure: Jesus is not dead. Buddha, their god died almost two thousand, three thousand years ago. About twenty-five hundred years ago Buddha died. Mohammed has been dead, Mohammed has been dead for practically two thousand years. He's in the grave. Every other god ... or, founder of these religions has gone on. But there is only One that has raised from the dead and can be proven that He has raised from the dead. The time has come for a showdown. The time has come where either God is right, or God is wrong. So we know that God is right. So, you people who has been faithful along the line and believe in the resurrection without even seeing Jesus and His great, mighty works, you have the privilege now to know that you have made the right decision. And how much more will you know it when He comes the second time.

**43** But you made the right decision. And to you here tonight, men and women, boys and girls, and whoever you are, if you haven't made this decision, put up your hand right now to Christ, will you say, "Christ, I lift my hands to You and by this I want to accept you. And I know I've been wrong in life, but I now surrender all my will to Your will. And from this night henceforth, I will serve You the rest of my days. I pledge that as I raise my hand." God bless you, young lady. That's fine. Someone else, raise your hand? God bless you. Someone else... God bless you. God bless you, my colored brother. God bless you, my brother, there. God bless you over here. Back here, yes, my brother. God bless you, my sister. God bless you, my brother. I see you back there, down here, sister, see your hand. Oh, my. Hands everywhere. Oh, I want to... Put your hands up if it's on your heart. Put it up right now and just see what it does for you. Just see when you raise it down hand if something don't say, "That's what you ought to have done. That's what I wanted you to do." God bless you, lady. Now you feel better about it, don't you? Certainly you do. You have done the right thing.

**44** "So, what does that mean, Brother Branham?" It means that you've answered a call to God knocking at your heart. That's it. Knocking at your heart, not willing that no one should perish, all might come to repentance. Could I get some up in the balcony, there surely... Among you young people up there, would you just tonight make your decision? I was thinking today---yesterday being my birthday, and thinking---just seems like it hasn't been no time ago, I was just a boy. And here I am, already forty-seven. How can it be? Passes so quick. Only thing I look back... I become a minister when I was about twenty years old. And now, I'm just sorry I didn't become a minister when I was five years old. That's the only regret that I have, that I just didn't preach the Word quicker. He knocked at my heart and I put it off. Oh, it just haunts me. I think many people back there they died during that time, maybe I could have brought some souls to Christ. I'll never, all through ever... No matter how many million years passes, there is never another opportunity. This is the opportunity now. Won't you just slip up your hand to Him

**45** Is there someone here who hasn't raised their hand yet, feels now, that Christ wants you to be His servant? What a privilege it is. God bless you, my brother. I see you. And surely God knows and sees you. Someone else, just put up your hand? Just waiting a little longer, now. I know the time is squeezing right by, but we are... Souls, just think, just one more soul, what would it mean? What if the angels of God would meet me in a vision after I start down the row and said, "Why didn't you hold that altar a little longer? I was speaking to a heart, and you closed it too quick." My, what would I say? What if that day them bony hands would reach to me, say, "Oh, preacher, I was just about ready to put up my hand, but, well..."? See. I want to be sure. Then that blood is required on me. I want to be clear of it. I want you to be my brother, I want you to be my sister. I'm not offering you something to hurt you. I am giving you something ... offering you the Lord Jesus, the One who gives you peace, life, feeds you, keeps you here on earth, and has done all these good things for you, and longing to do greater things for you. God bless you, sister. God bless you, brother. Yes, that's good, that's right. God bless you way back there. That's good. God be praised forever. Would there be someone in the pit, down here, the orchestra pit, would say, "God, be merciful to me. I don't know You." If there is, just put up your hand. God be merciful.

**46** All right. We are going to pray for these just now. Heavenly Father, we thank Thee for these. Now, Thou hast give us the promise that if we ask, Father, anything in the name of Jesus His Son, He would do it. And I am quoting Your Word, Lord. And if You spoke Your Word back before the foundation of the world, and at that very moment when You spoke it, Your Son was slain. And He was the Lamb, slain from the foundation of the world. Yet it taken thousands of years for it to materialize. How great is Your Word! And here is Your Word, Lord. You said in Your Word, "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me hath eternal life. Shall never come into punishment, or judgment, but has passed from death to life." Jesus, You said it. And You said that it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save those which believe. And I have preached the Word. And these people has raised their hands that they believe and accept. And You said, "No man can come except My Father draws him first." Then You did that. And now, Father, upon the basis of Your Word, I say their sins are forgiven them. They are Your children, because Your Word says so.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

1 Corinthians 1:21 For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.

```
**47** And way in the millions of years to come, some day when the atomic age is at hand, now, the cobalt bomb is created and the whole world can be annihilated in twenty-four hours, or less. And now, Father, some day this old world will rock around, our bones will be bleached in the sands, and the tombstones turned over, but we'll be with Thee, safely on the other side. How glad I am, Lord. How happy I am to know, just to know that these children that Thou has given will come to You. "All that the Father has give Me will come and none of them is lost." This was the night, this was the time. So I pray, Father, that You'll take them into Thy loving arms now, and speak peace to their soul. And immediately after the healing service, may they come forward here, gather around the altar, and give Thee praise. For we ask it in Christ's name. Amen.

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:39 And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.

```
**48** Don't you just feel better? Just be honest, don't you feel real better, now? The Holy Spirit just seems to just clean out all the doubt and the dross of the heart---just makes us new. Now, friends, we are going to pray for the sick. We won't be long, just a few moments. Now, Brother Woods; where is he at? I don't even know what numbers he give out today. E? E-1 to 100? Okay, brother. All right. Now, just in... Is there any newcomers here that never was in one of our services before? Raise up your hand, will you? Oh, my. Just look. I am so thankful for you. Up in the balcony? Is there any up there, the first time? Well, thank you. So glad to have you tonight, with us, and fellowshipping with us around His Word.

**49** Now, I pray that you can stay just a little longer for fellowship around His blessings. Now, you who believe Him and know Him and has read the Bible, my contention is this: That Jesus has risen from the dead. How many Christians now believe that with all their heart? Let's see your hands up. Oh, that's wonderful. Christ has risen from the dead. Now, if He has risen from the dead, He said, "The things that I do shall you also. More than this will you do, for I go to My Father." If Christ was here tonight in the corporal body as He was when He come to make an offering for sin with His own blood; if He was here then ... or, now, He could only be right here. But being that He is here in the form of the Holy Ghost, He is spread all over the world, everywhere. He covers... Well, just like the water covers the sea, He is everywhere. And He is omnipresent, we know that. And He is omnipotent, too. And now, if He is here, and His Spirit is here, it will have to act in His people the same as it did when He was here, or He said something wrong. I believe that He is here.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**50** Now, maybe to you newcomers that has never seen the Holy Spirit moving in the manner that He has give us the way to work with, by foreseeing, and doing the things that... Now, to you newcomers, let me say this: Jesus never claimed to be a healer. Jesus said, "It's not Me that doeth the works, it's My Father that dwelleth in Me." We know that, don't we? And Jesus, when He was questioned about passing by a whole lot of crippled, and blind, and halt, and lame people, He said in Saint John 5:19 when He passed through the gate to the pool, and all those people were laying there... And He had saw a vision of the Father, told Him where a man was laying. And He went hunting him through the people till He found him. Picked him out, and healed him, and went on. And the Jews questioned Him, in the 19th verse. Listen what He said. ... Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing in himself, but what he sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise. He never claimed that He did anything at all, in the way of healing the sick, or anything, until the Father showed Him by a vision first. How many know that to be the Scripture, would you just raise your hand? That's fine.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**51** Now, Jesus was possessed with ... or, had the power of the Holy Ghost in Him, that He could ... the people could be standing in the audience and He could turn around and talk to them, like the woman that touched His garment. And He knowed the hearts of the people; is that right? He knew the hearts of the people as God would reveal it, just as God showed Him; He knew it. And He went to a woman, and the woman one time come to Him to give Him a drink of water ... or, He asked her for a drink, rather, (Saint John 4th chapter). And when He asked for a drink, why, she told Him that the race condition was bad and wasn't customary for Jews to ask Samaritans. And He said, "But if you knew who you were talking to, you would ask Me for a drink. I'd bring you water you don't come here to draw." And she said... Went on the conversation. After a while when He found where her trouble was, He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any husband." Said, "That's right. You got five." She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet." (Now, this is for the newcomers.) Said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. We know that when the Messiah cometh..." (Do you believe Jesus was Messiah? Certainly. Son of God.) " We know that when the Messiah cometh, He will do this. He will tell us these things. But who are You?" He said, "I am He that speaks to you."

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**52** That was the sign of the Messiah. If that was sign of Messiah in that day, and He is the same today, it has got to be the sign of Messiah today. Nathanael, a very staunch man. You might think that woman was a Samaritan, but what about a Hebrew? What about Nicodemus, the teacher? He said, "We know that You are a prophet come from God ... or, a teacher, because no man could do what You do, except God be with Him." He said, "I don't do nothing till the Father shows Me." It was His visions from God that did it. See, the flesh cannot glory; it's the supernatural. And when Nathanael came, a very staunch man, Jesus recognized him to be a staunch Christian ... or, a believer. He said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." He said, "When did You know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree." He said, "You are the Son of God." He recognized that was the sign of the Son of God. That's what He was to do. And now, today, He's the same.

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 3:2 The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**53** Now, I want to ask you something. If He will come now among His people here, and do the same things that He did then, how many will believe on Him with all your heart? Raise your hands. Ever who you are, new, or... God bless you. Father, Thou sees their hands. We know that they are Your children, they believe You. And now, I humbly submit myself unto Thee, that Thou will manifest Thyself, and show to this audience tonight, that the time is at hand. And that's why these things are doing: The Holy Spirit has come into the earth in the great fullness of its being, to gather up the children from the four corners of the earth to get ready for the rapture. We ask this for God's glory, and for the fulfilling of His Word, for it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen.

**54** All right. You with the prayer cards now, beginning with number 1, just line up over on this side, about the first five of you, don't... so you won't come altogether. Who's got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5? All right, right down here. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and let them gather, if you please. All right. As they go down, if Brother Woods, or Brother Boze, or some of them will go down and help, maybe some of them can't speak English, or something, and they will be able to help. Thank you. And now, if anyone has been here and has seen the blessed Heavenly Father, how He gives us of His assurance of His resurrection, and you have to go for the next ten or fifteen minutes, well, if you go now, and just ... be just real quiet and reverent for a few moments while we are praying for the sick, if somebody is in bad condition. And I pray that God will do something. I believe we got 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, would you come now? Prayer card E-11, 12, 13, 14, 15. And now, to all of you that is here, how many is out there that does not have prayer cards, yet you are believing with all your heart that Jesus Christ will heal you, will you raise up your hand, and just pray that God grant it to you? All right. I ask you this: If Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever...? Listen Bible students out there, there is ministers sitting there. I want to ask you something.

**55** Now, since He has resurrected... You said, "Brother Branham, that woman touched His garment when He was in a corporal body." I want to ask you something. Does the Bible in the book of Hebrews teach that He is the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmity? Is that right? Certainly, the Bible teaches that. How're you going to touch Him then with the feeling of your infirmity? Just believe Him. Then He, as the Holy Spirit, His divine Agent that's in us, He reveals it back just like He did then. Isn't that perfectly harmony with the Scripture and the way the Script... How many believe that that would be according to the Bible, according to the working of the Bible? The Lord bless you. All right. How many we got... I see we got quite a group down there now, have you, Brother Woods? All right. While they are lining the rest of them up, for time's sake, we will pray for the sick. Now, if the Holy Spirit does anoint---I don't know that He will ---I am going to ask you to do me a favor. Will you just sit still for a few moments, look this way, and pray? I am awfully tired tonight. Awfully tired. And I have just come from one meeting the month after month, and I have got nearly a month more to go before I have one day of rest, see. And I pray that you'll help me tonight, won't you? Just be seated, keep the kiddies near you, just sit still a little bit. They won't let me stay long.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**56** If it can be proven to you that Jesus is alive, then you know every promise He gave is right here with you in Jesus. That's right. So now, remember it's all praises to Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Let's say that together. "All praises to Jesus Christ, the Son of God." Now for His name's sake, and for His Word's sake, and for His people's sake, I now take this audience under my control in the name of Jesus Christ. Be reverent and watch this way, please. All right, sir. Brother Woods, would you... Is this the lady here? All right. Now, as the lady is walking up to me, as far as I know, she's a stranger to me. I don't know her. She's just a little lady standing there, watching, looking at me. She's the first one in the prayer line. She was given a prayer card today, or whenever they gave them out, and she was just called up here, the first one. Are we strangers to each other, lady? We don't know each other and you know I know nothing of you, have no way of knowing nothing of you. But now, if Jesus Christ has risen from the dead then, if you was standing here and He was standing here with this suit on that He gave me... Now, if you're sick and wanting healing, He'd tell you He did it when He died for you. But now, the only thing that He could do after He's already, already paid the price for your salvation and healing; there's nothing more He can do about it, but just you have to accept it. Isn't that right? How many ministers is in the building that knows that that's Scriptural? Let's see, preachers. Just look at the ministers---knows that's right. There's nothing we can do, it's already done.

```
1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

Ephesians 4:12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:

```
**57** But He's sent into the church, first, what? Apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, pastors. Is that right? All for the perfecting of the church. Now, He might do something here if He didn't catch you through prophecy. And then, I myself am not very much of a minister, because I have not much education, but I have been given a divine gift as a seer that foresees things. And if He'll let me know what you're standing here for, would you accept what it is, knowing that I know nothing of you? How many in the audience would believe on Him, just as you would if you were sitting at the same well where He sat with the Samaritan woman? Let's see your hands---you'll believe the resurrection's that real. This ought to settle it. The lady knows herself and she's raised her hand that I know her not, she knows me not. And here we are both together knowing not each other but on the platform in the Holy Spirit. Now Jesus, the way He did it, He talked to the woman at the well just a little while. And then He found out where her trouble was. And when He did, He told her. And she said He must be the Messiah ... or, He must be a prophet, the Messiah. When He come, He would do it. Now, if He repeats the same thing, tonight, then He's risen from the dead. That's all you have to know. If He is raised from the dead, and here with us, that ought to settle it forever on. It ought to. Two thousand years... A man died two thousand years ago and still alive here tonight. And that settles it, see. Then our religion is not in vain; it's true. The lady, (if the audience can hear me, can hear my voice, she seems to be kind of like dimming, because between her and I stands that light that has moved in between us. The lady is conscious that something is going on. If that's right, lady, raise up your hand, you are conscious that something is going on. It's the Angel of God, whose picture was taken and is in Washington, is between us now. And He's to ... if I can only yield myself to Him, and He will anoint me till the woman's life will come before me, then I will speak it.

**58** Yes, I see the woman. And she is bothered with a nervousness. She is real extremely nervous. I see her going about and kind of holding her hands. She is upset about something; there is something got her disturbed. That is right. And you have a growth that you are disturbed about. And that growth is hidden from the naked eye here, because it's your lip, inside. That's right. And you are very upset. You are ... right on your heart, you are a mother. And you've got a child that you are praying for. Boy that's... The boy has a condition in his bowels. I think the doctor says that is ulcerate in his bowels. And the boy is unsaved. He isn't a Christian, and you want him prayed for, and you are holding a handkerchief in your hand for that purpose, for me to pray over it. That's "Thus saith the Lord."

**59** Now, sister, you are... Is that true? [The sister says, "Yes, that's true, Brother Branham."] You believe? Not me, Him. Jesus. Then He's here. Then He's not dead. Then the same One from Galilee is here tonight, right here with you. Come, sister. Our kind Heavenly Father, who shows mercy to the millions, and in this last days when the light is breaking forth, the same Jesus that come and brought light. The Bible says, "They that sit in darkness, great light has come to them." In the Orient in the early days, and those in the West, now, the evening time, great light has come. What? The same light is shining again: the resurrected Lord Jesus as He promised. And You are here tonight. And we thank Thee. And we pray that You will grant to this dear woman every request that she has asked for, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Don't fear now, sister. Everything will be all right for you. Turned light around you. It will be all right. Amen. Just believe. Now, you don't have to be up here. You just have faith once and really believe it, and see whether you do or not. Just believe with all your heart.

```
Matthew 4:16 The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.

```
**60** All right, lady, I suppose you and I being strange to each other, but the Lord Jesus knows both of us. And He knows all about you, and He knows all about me. And He's the God of eternity. Of course, I have no way of knowing how sick you are, or what your sickness is, or even what you are here for, but God does. And if He'll tell me what's on your heart now, what's on your heart now, will you accept it and believe it with all that's within you? Now, you are standing for someone else, too. That's right. It's a son, too. And it has something wrong with the chest. Chest trouble. That's right. And it's dark, he's shadowed. He isn't a Christian. That's right. He's a sinner. And you're wanting him saved. That is "Thus saith the Lord." Come here, sister. Our kind Heavenly Father, grant to this poor mother tonight, the deep desires of her heart as she is standing here knowing that she is standing in Your presence, not the presence of her brother, making her this way. And I pray that You'll grant the request that she asks for, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, my sister. If thou canst believe, all things are possible to them that believe. Do you believe? Now, be real reverent. God bless that poor soul. May His eternal blessings rest upon her.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**61** What you scared about, sister? A little bit skeptic, aren't you? The little lady sitting there, in the row. You just... I wouldn't feel that way. No. Just be reverent, see? It's nothing. The thing might come upon you: evil. You believe with all your heart, little lady. Come. Do you believe the Lord Jesus Christ, lady? [The lady says, "I do."] I don't know you. He knows you, I don't. This is the very time again, as Jesus and the Samaritan woman being two races. Well, then, Jesus let her know that there is no difference. God made all men and our skin colors had nothing to do with it. But I see you move away from me, lady. Yes, it is somebody else you are praying for---your husband. That's right. He is not here. And he's a ... oh, he's a dope fiend. And you're... I see him, it's terrible. I will say no more, but you understand. Come, let me have this handkerchief.

**62** O Jesus, Son of God, I pray for mercy to be granted, Lord, and bless this poor soul that stands here, now. And bless that one who is in wait. I pray that the evil will leave, and that the man will be delivered, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Will you agree with me, lady, upon this, that it shall be done? [The sister says, "Yes."] God bless you. Then you shall have what you've asked for. Go and may God's peace be with you. How do you do, lady. You believe with all your heart? And I am not able to help you... Now, there was a lady appeared right here, that is a white woman. Everybody just... She's sitting right here, a gray coat on. Got something in your throat you are studying about, aren't you sister? Oh, why, it's a lady that I know; I didn't know that. Mrs... I forget what your name is, but I know you. That's right. You have contacted God, lady. God bless you. You're scared of cancer. That's right.

**63** The lady next to you has something wrong with her wrist. You know, the angel of God... The lady sitting right behind, with a red tam on, has arthritis. You see what I mean. That's right, isn't it, lady? See, there. You see. You all lay your hands on each other, there, each... O God, our Heavenly Father. We rebuke this evil now, and pray that in Christ's name that it shall be taken from them each, and they'll be made well, and glorify Thee. Amen. Don't doubt, just believe. Look this way and believe; that's all I ask you to do.

**64** And now, lady, if we'll... Sir, Jesus Christ can heal you; if you will believe that God will take that TB away from you, it will go. Do you believe it? All right. As you have believed, so will it be to you. Amen. Now, I believe that God will help you, lady, if you will only believe. Will you believe with me now? Will every colored person in here believe, if God will... This lady, first, I want to ask you: I don't know you, do I, lady? I've never seen you, know nothing about you. Not a thing. If every colored brother, sister, in the room here, that here is one of your sisters standing here, not only your sister, but our sister, too, but I mean of your own color. And remember who helped bear the cross for Jesus? He understands. Now, He, the same Jesus that went up to Golgotha that Simon helped Him pack the cross, He is alive here tonight.

```
Matthew 27:32 And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.

Mark 15:21 And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.

Luke 23:26 And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.

```
**65** See, He's just in another world. You don't see Him with your eyes, because... There is television pictures coming through here. You don't even see them. And He's beyond that dimension. But He's here just the same. Now, look this way, lady. I want every one of you now to receive your healing, if you will. Right while... Now, there was a lady appeared here before me. Just a moment; she's praying somewhere. I'll find her by the grace of God; she touched Him, then. That's right. It weakened me. Here she sits, right here. Right here. Colon trouble. That's right. Certainly. And your colon is a fallen colon, isn't it, lady? Raise your hand up if that is right. There you are, see. Don't worry, it's over. Just have faith. Seems like it is moving in the audience more than it is here at the platform. It's your faith doing these things, friends. Believe God.

**66** Now, to you, lady. You're very nervous. That's right. Very nervous. And you get those nervous spells and just comes on you spasmodically like. Been bothering you for some time, hasn't it? Sometimes gets you scared, like you don't want to go places and things. It scares you. I see a dark shadow... You started from the house, and turned and went back, see. It was a scare. Then you are... Got a terrible hurting in your body, which is up in your chest part. That's right. You believe that, you know that's the truth. And then you have got a lump, or a knot, or a growth. And that growth is on your right arm, covered over. That's right, isn't it? [The lady says, "That's right."] You believe Him now? ["Yes."] Will you accept Him for your healing now? ["Yes, I do."] Will the rest of you, my colored friends, accept Him the same time? All right. Come here, sister. Dear God, who raised up Jesus from the dead, and has given us the privilege of having fellowship with Him, and His Word tonight, to see the manifestation of His Spirit. And now as You did there, Lord---the Samaritan woman---that day at the well, I pray You will do likewise for this sister and for all those who are sitting near now, of her kind. Pray that You will heal them, Lord, every one right now. I condemn the sickness of their bodies, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**67** How could you doubt? You couldn't, could you? [The sister says, "No, sir."] Now, just go, be happy, see? I want you to just be happy. You see, if you believe it, then you've got to act like you believe it, you see. If you do believe it, you will act like you believe it. Everything will be all right for you. Don't worry, see. Don't worry, just believe with all your heart. Now you believe, all you colored people believe that Jesus heals you, then? Amen. That's fine. Now, here is just a child. I don't know the child. Never seen her in my life. We are strangers to one another, as far as I know. Is that right, lady? [A lady says, "Yes."] Are we strangers to each other? ["Yes."] I don't know you. Now, she is a white girl. How many of you white people, if Jesus Christ will reveal what she is standing there for, and tell her what her sickness is, or whatever it is, like He does to the others, will you accept Jesus as your healer and know? Do it.

**68** All right. May the Lord grant it. Now, sister, I can... Now that won't hurt you. There is one thing I can say now, that you're a Christian. And you've just recently become a Christian. Just have become a Christian. But you are not from this country. You're not an American, you are a Canadian. ["That's right."] You come from Canada. And I see you coming in a green car, or I believe, like a Mercury, I believe it is. And you are praying for a man that's an alcoholic. It's your father. That's right. And then you've got a little friend that is kind of ... wears glasses and you are praying for that friend. That is true, sister. "Thus saith the Lord." You believe now? ["Yes."] You believe you receive what you've come for? Come. Dear God, I bless this child, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and may she go from here tonight and receive everything that she has asked for. She is just a child, Lord, in her tender faith. May it be greatly rewarded. For we ask it in His name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go rejoicing and believing.

**69** Now, I want to ask you something. Each one of you people that believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ raised from the dead... And now before you get disturbing, I want to ask you something. Do you believe now, without one shadow of doubt? Is all the doubts gone away? Now you believe that He lives? Let's just sing one verse that He Lives. Brother Eckberg or one of you would... brother here, would you come give us a... He Lives, He Lives, Christ Jesus Lives Today? Will you sing it with me, now? And raise your hands to Him, that He is here. I want you to worship Him, you see? He wants to be worshipped. I feel impressed in my heart, He wants you to worship Him now in this song. All right, brother. He lives, He lives, Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me, and talks with me, Along life's narrow way, He lives, He lives, salvation to impart. You ask me how I know He lives, He lives within my heart. Now, just a moment. Does He do that for you, lady? Then your heart trouble is gone. Then move off the platform. Does He do that for you, Christians? Does He live in your heart? Are you sure? If you are, then let's raise our hands to Him while I pray for you, and every one of you be healed. You are already healed.

**70** I believe I know this man sitting by you, Gene. I believe it's a man... But you are praying for somebody. And the person has got a cancer. That's right. Yeah, I seen them standing. Don't fear, have faith! Sir, back there, you want to get over that prostate trouble? You believe that Jesus heals you now? If you believe it, God bless you, then you can have it. Amen. Anybody want to be healed, just raise your hands to Him. He's here! He's raised from the dead. Now, do you believe it? Raise up your hands. Heavenly Father, coming down to the closing of the service, coming down to the spot that where You have done all things well, You've done everything good. You can do nothing else but good things, because You're God. And I pray Thee, Heavenly Father, knowing that this great, massive crowd of people, thousands sitting here, how could we ever get one by one, when I'm nearly ready to faint, now. But, Father dear, they have seen Your resurrection power. And they know that You're here. You're not dead no more. You're living. And You're here as a High Priest. And we love You, and we believe You, and we accept You, and we condemn the devil. And we cast him out, in the name of Jesus. And we take liberty now, to worship the Lord for our healing and salvation, giving Him all the praise and the glory, through Jesus Christ's name.
