---
Date: 1956-07-15
Title: The mark of the beast
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 38 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The mark of the beast



**1** The Lord bless you. Good morning, friends. Happy to be in again today. And I see it's a little warm back there, and if there's any of the fans that they wish to let loose, well, it'll be all right. I was just a little late. I'm always a little late, but the phone calls and things had held me so. And, especially, the manager called to tell me where the future meetings was coming. So, next Sunday we begin on the fairgrounds at Shreveport, in a big tent, next Sunday to run a two-week service, the first week, of preaching services only, the Gospel. And then the second week, a healing service. And then from the fifth to the ninth, it's Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, in the ice arena there, where we was at a few years ago. And then, by then, we come back and go to California, then, for the great fifty-year Azusa Street rally. And the California coast, and up around in San Francisco, and up there. There's several meetings set up. And Brother Cox will have them pretty soon, as soon as we can get them scheduled.

**2** Now, I'm so glad this morning to be a Christian. I just don't know anything greater than being a Christian. I can think of years gone by, and a misspent life. And I was thinking the other day, being forty-seven now, I thought, "If I could only take back those twenty-three years that I lived in the world..." I was twenty-three before I was made a minister of the Gospel by the grace of God. And if I could only call those years back, I would like to do it for one purpose: to make that up in preaching the Gospel, or getting souls saved. There's nothing any greater than to see a soul born again in the kingdom of God.

**3** And I can remember the years of walking in the world, where I seemingly thought I was having a good time. As far as morals, the Lord blessed me so much in that, not to be immoral, and drinking, smoking, running around, immoral life. But, yet, thinking I was a pretty good fellow, but one day the Lord took me to the deathbed and I realized it wasn't nothing in me any good then, that I must have an experience of being born again. And when the Lord Jesus saved me... I don't say that everything has been real good since then, but I've had so much joy in knowing that if anything does happen, everything is all right, see; I have peace with God, that passes all understanding. Sometimes I can't understand those things, but knowing His Word, that He promised it was all for good, then, it's all right, that just settles it forever.

**4** Now, today, announced the subject that I was to teach on: The Mark Of The Beast, which is a very vital subject. And it would... Maybe trying approach it today from a standpoint... Why, that subject would probably take... I could stay on it three or four months, every day, and still be in the Scriptures on that great subject. But I thought, today, being that we were going to pray for the sick people after this morning's Sunday school session. Many of the people gather in here for healing, and they wait around in motels and hotels, and wait for this morning, till when they can come in to be prayed for. And we certainly wouldn't want to take their space of time. So if I start on the subject, and then continue on in a few days when I get back again, maybe between the two meetings, then back again after that. I'll try to continue on, the Lord willing, on the mark of the beast. And teaching the mark of the beast, you have to have the seal of God to run with it, because they run right side by side.

**5** Now, in this great vital subject, before we approach it, let's talk to the Author of the Word, the Lord Jesus, just in a moment of prayer, if we'll bow our heads. Our kind Heavenly Father, we now come to Thee humbly, in the name of the Lord Jesus Thy Son. And asking for divine mercy and guidance in the Scripture. Realizing, myself, that here before me sits the purchase of His blood. And one word misrepresented might cause some soul to be turned away. But the right word, represented at the right time and in the right place, might cause a wayward sinner to come to Christ. So, help us, dear God, and seal our lips to anything that would be contrary to thy divine will. You know every heart, and you know the need of every heart, and we pray that You'll let the Holy Spirit take the Word of God and direct it to every heart just as we have need, for we ask it in Christ's name, Thy Son. Amen. Now, in the 13th chapter of the Revelation of Jesus Christ, we want to read a portion from there, and also from the 14th chapter of the book of Revelation.

**6** Now, there is a seat setting over here, a little bench, if Brother Fleeman, if you'd want to get it for some of them in the back. It's right ... it's extremely against the wall over here. Why, you'd be more than welcome. Our little church is not adequate maybe for size for the people. People come and can't get seats, and then they go back. But we started here, and it's a sacred little spot, and we love it dearly with all of our heart. And we just like to stay in these little old walls, because God has come down many times and blessed us in these walls.

**7** Now in the 13th chapter, and beginning with the... Let's see, we began about the 11th verse of the 13th chapter of the Revelation. And I beheld a beast coming up out of the earth; he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. And he exercised all the power of the first beast before him, and it caused the earth and them that dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he does great wonders, so as make fire come down from heaven on earth in the sight of man, And deceived them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image unto the beast, which had the wound by the sword, and did live. And he had power to give life to the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause ... as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he caused all, both small ... great, rich ... poor, free and bond to receive a mark in their right hand, and in their foreheads: And ... no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; ... his number is Six hundred and threescore and six. In the 14th chapter we read this. And I saw another angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach to them that dwelled on the earth, and to every nation ... kindred ... tongue and people. Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heavens, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of water. And there followed him another angel saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, the great city, because it made all nations to drink from the wine of the wrath of her fornication. And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast or his image, or receive his mark in their forehead, or ... hand, The same shall drink of the ... wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup of ... indignation; and ... shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb.

```
Revelation 13:11 And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.

Revelation 13:12 And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.

Revelation 13:13 And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,

Revelation 13:14 And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.

Revelation 13:15 And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.

Revelation 13:16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:

Revelation 13:17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

Revelation 13:18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.

Revelation 14:6 And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,

Revelation 14:7 Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.

Revelation 14:8 And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.

Revelation 14:9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,

Revelation 14:10 The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:

```
**8** Now, this great subject that we are approaching has certainly caused some great controversy and some pro and con on the subject. And I, for myself, believe that it's such a great, vital part of the Scripture that all the Scripture should be taught. All of it. We should not leave any of it out. God has spoke through the Scriptures about the mark of the beast and how that it was to appear in the last days. And as a minister of the Gospel---believing that we're living in the last days---I believe that it's a timely message that should be approached reverently in this day. Now, there has been many thoughts projected to the people concerning this vital, God-sent message, warning to the church. It's been many things has been thought and given to the people what this mark of the beast was. And of coarse, like all other Scripture, it causes cults to rise, and... But surely if there is such a thing fixing to befall the people of the earth there should be some Gospel sensible answer to the question.

**9** If God so placed it that those who received this would be tormented, in the presence of the Lamb, and of the Angels, and fire and brimstone and will be an eternal, everlasting judgment to those who receive this great mark, we ought to have some conception of what it is. And then, it ought not to be approached by some mental theology. It should be approached by the Scripture. Scripture must answer to scripture. We realize that reading the Bible... You do not read it like you would a newspaper, because it's been the wisdom of the Holy Spirit to hide many things from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and would reveal it to babes such as would learn. God wants somebody who's hungry, so He can just take them over to one side and set them down and say, "Here it is, child of mine. This is it. The world don't understand this but ye shall understand," see. "Let it be this way." Then all Scripture given by inspiration then, it must be interpreted by inspiration. And then Scripture must compare with Scripture.

```
Matthew 11:25 At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.

Luke 10:21 In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.

2 Timothy 3:16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:

```
**10** And I thought perhaps maybe today that realizing that through the grace of God, and the ministry that He has lotted me, to bring to the people. How people fasten to the words and hold on to them. I always try to approach it just as reverently, unselfishly as I know how because ... and by the Scripture. And if it doesn't compare with the Scripture, then I just leave it alone. Now, this has been said many times, it's been projected here some years ago. I remember as a young minister that people wouldn't put the little NRA in their windows. Said that was the mark of the beast. It's been projected many times that the Vatican hierarchy, pope of Rome, and many times to different characters that's raised, like Adolf Hitler, Mussolini, and many of those being the beast and so forth. Now, as an uneducated person, I try to use the Scriptures of the Old Testament as a type or shadow of the New. God always foreshadows everything before it happens. All ages. Never without one time failing. All ages.

**11** Now, I thought this morning that it would be a good time to go back and get the mark of the beast in its amateur ... or, in its primitive, where it began. And it's true that there is to be a certain person, a man, that it is to wind up in, in the last days. But it's foreshadowed back in the beginning and also foreshadowed down into your life. And foreshadowed through every church age. And then comes to a positive place in a man, in the last days. Now, to go into this, which I say would take weeks of Bible teaching, but being today we just have a short, limited time, we will take it in its amateur ... or, not... I don't mean that. I mean, in its primitive, the origin of it, and bring it what is the beginning of the mark of the beast. How do you receive it? I'm sure there's none of us ever wants it, because those that are wearing it will certainly never stand in the presence of God. And it's to be in the last day when it's to be manifested. And we certainly ought to know some reason or what is it. Now, last night in the basement, while studying and going through the scriptures searching, as I have weeks after weeks on this subject...

**12** Now, sometimes in speaking in a mixed audience as we have today, both men and women... Sometimes using parables to get the point in, it would seem like that maybe I might say something that wouldn't be just appropriate among a mixed group of people. But, if you were sitting in a doctor's office, you would listen to him no matter if you're teenage girl or boy or whoever it was. And we're in the house of God, where we're to have clean minds and clean hearts. And if we haven't, it's our place at the altar. That's right. So, in these words... And I don't mean to use anytime, anything to throw off on people. If I do that, then I need to be at the altar. But it's to bring Gospel truth. To know this: that if you fail to tell the truth, God will require it at the pastor's hands. Then if it's off of the pastor, on to the congregation, then the congregation will answer for themselves.

**13** Now, all the old, the types, the shadows. Christ in the shadow of the Lamb. God in the beginning knowing all things. Nothing has ever been predicted or put in the Scripture, but what God already spoke it before the foundation of the world. The whole plan of God was laid out. You believe it? Saint John the 1st chapter, about the 7th verse. It says: In the beginning was the Word, ... the Word was with God, and the Word was God. Then what this Bible was, is God before the foundation of the world. The only reason it's written in here is: prophets receiving from God foreknowledge of His predestinated plan, of the ages. A lawyer studies the books to find out all the knowledge that he knows how to find out, so that he can give it to his clients. Well, that's the way the prophets are, the teachers are. They study the Word. First a prophet goes to God. And the Word comes out and he wrote it in the Bible. And now, that was God's foreordained plan the prophets saw. And he wrote it in words so that the people following would be warned of situations and things to come, see. Now, by inspiration that Word was spoke by God. By inspiration the prophets brought it. And by inspiration we have to receive it. It's not a material. It's not a natural thing. It's not the carnal mind. Listen. The man in his carnal condition can never understand it. No way at all. It's impossible. For the spiritual things to the carnal mind is foolish, says the Scripture. And vice-versa. Now we must be spiritually minded.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

1 Corinthians 3:19 For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.

```
**14** Now, approaching this let's get something of the Old Testament that even the newborn babes, the children in Christ, might be able to comprehend it, to understand as we show it by parables, how it happened. As I say now, remember. All the things of the Old Testament was a shadow of the things to come. Hebrews 11:1. ...the law having a shadow of good things ... a shadow. Hebrews 10, rather, 1. The law having a shadow of good things to come, therefore they offered a Lamb in the Old Testament as a shadow of God giving the Lamb of God. All the things being a shadow. Then if this great vital prediction, here of the Scripture... Surely God will give us a foreshadow of how it is done.

```
Hebrews 10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

```
**15** Now, I think it's so beautifully typed in the Scripture and given by inspiration. And we could go back into the Exodus. We could go back into Leviticus the 21st. Find the jubilee year and go over into Exodus, I think. About the 6th chapter, and so forth. And many places pick this up. But now, how are we saved? By faith are you saved and that by grace. Nothing you can do. Not one thing you can do to be saved. If you can, then Christ's death is in vain. It isn't what you eat, what you drink, how you dress, this, that, or the other. But you are saved by grace through faith. God by His sovereign grace foreordained, spoke your word ... your life into existence before the world was ever formed. And by His infinite mind knowed what you'd be in the final end. Then grace constrained Him. Love constrained Him to project sovereign grace to the earth to make a provision to save you. If He seen you desired to be saved, then God through His love, His great attributes, would not permit Him to do nothing else. If God is love!

```
Leviticus 25:10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.

Leviticus 25:11 A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.

Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**16** And seeing a group of people, before Him that was going to be lost, it ought to ... love to take the place, to make a way of escape. He must do it. It would be against His nature not to do it. So He makes a way. And then as He makes a way, He also has set many mileposts, warnings, red lights, and so forth, as we journey on down through life. Why, even the law of the land fixes stop signs, red lights, go lights, to help save our mortal life. And that's just the feeling of mankind, one for another. How much more has the God of Heaven fixed warnings, signals, signs, to let us bypass these things?

**17** And today we're approaching on the subject of one of the vital signs. Great barricade dropped across. Now, a mark. The Bible speaks that the mark of the beast would be known by the hand or the head. I've heard it predicted by many different ways that the tattoo, a sign in your hand, a sign on your head. Now, I do not believe that that's correct with Scripture. And there's going to be a group of people that's going to be marked for destiny in hell. And there's going to be people marked for their eternal destiny in Heaven. And these two marks run side by side. And it's going to get so great (Listen.), so pinching, that just before the coming of the Lord, that you'll have to have one mark or the other one or there'll be a boycott. You can't buy nor sell. Notice, now how does this begin? Now, these two great things has been working in the churches for years. Now look. Judas was the antichrist. We know that. He was the one. He was not seemingly against Christ; seemingly he was for Christ. And the Bible said that in the last days them two spirits will be so close to each other that it would deceive the very elect, if possible. And as the Spirit of God from the beginning finally works down, down through Moses. Do you believe Christ was in Moses? Certainly. Was Christ in Joseph? Why, he portrayed Christ just perfectly. Born, loved of the father, hated of his brothers, sold for practically thirty pieces of silver, put into a ditch supposedly to be dead, taken up sitting at the right hand of Pharaoh, the greatest nation in the world. When he went forth, they bowed the knee: "Joseph is approaching." Perfect type of Christ. How his brethren was made known to him. How they wept and said, "This is our sin," and how that was portrayed letter by letter of Christ.

```
Genesis 37:4 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.

Genesis 37:24 And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it.

Genesis 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.

Genesis 41:43 And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.

Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

Revelation 14:9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,

```
**18** Look at David, the Son of David. Christ was the Son of David. Christ in David, hated, despised, rejected of his own people, dethroned, went up over the mountain, looking back weeping because his own, even beloved children had turned him down and dethroned him. And he wept over Jerusalem as He went up. Perfect type of Christ. The Son of David, sitting on Mt. Olives, rejected by His Own beloved. And sat up there weeping over Jerusalem. Said, "How oft would I have hovered you as a hen does her brood, but you would not?" Now, what was it? The Spirit of God working down through the prophets, till it come to full manifestation in Christ Jesus. And He was God, made manifest in flesh. And the spirit of antichrist come down through the religious teachers, down through Cain, Nimrod, and on down through each one, until it finally made itself manifested in a character called Judas Iscariot. And just about the time that Christ was made manifest, Judas come on the scene. And just the time that Christ went off of the earth hanging on a tree, Judas went out of the earth hanging on a tree. And just about the time the Holy Spirit come forth on the day of Pentecost to the church, the antichrist spirit followed it.

```
2 Samuel 15:30 And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.

Matthew 23:37 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

Matthew 27:5 And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself.

Luke 13:34 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!

```
**19** Saint John ... or, I John 1 says ... I John 1:4. Beloved, believe not every spirit,... ...for that spirit ... antichrist ... which ... was to come ... is already in the world. ... working among the children of disobedient. Now, as they begin anew. They come and manifested, in A.D. one. In the beginning, they went out at the same time and both spirits is working through the church calling out a church on either side. And both of them... Oh, don't fail to get this! Both of them are religious. Both of them are very religious.

```
Ephesians 2:2 Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:

1 John 4:1 Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.

1 John 4:3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.

```
**20** Lets travel back. Way back at the first. Cain and Abel, Judas and Jesus; both of them religious; both of them worshipping; you get it? And as Judas killed Christ ... or, as Cain killed Abel at the altar, Judas deceived and delivered Christ and he was killed at the altar. And here comes the two spirits moving along. And they're religious. Both of them. Oh, I hope you get it. There is a way that seemeth right. God give me grace to always stand by it. As down through the age here at the tabernacle, regardless of what people thought, I've tried to stay right straight on the Scripture. I love people, but sometimes you have to hurt them, because the church is the house of correction. The judgment seat of God is at His church. Notice, religious. Jesus said to the Pharisees, the religious leaders of that day, "You are of your father, the devil. If you would've known Me, you would've known My day also." Now, get back to our type. Now, there was a beautiful type given that I wish to start with today---of a marking of the beast.

```
John 5:46 For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me: for he wrote of me.

John 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.

```
**21** Now, in the Old Testament, the Bible said that there was to be a fifty year jubilee. That was seven times seven years. And in the forty-ninth year, that it was to be made ready. And the fiftieth year was the jubilee year. Fifty means "jubilee." "Fifty" is God's jubilee number. The word Pentecost means "fifty." It was the outgoing of the Holy Spirit at the end of the fifty days. It was also the end of the fiftieth year. Jesus come to foreshadow ... or, forewarn, rather, the people of the coming year of jubilee. He went into the synagogue at Capernaum and sat down. And taken the Scriptures and turned over to Isaiah 61:1 and read this Scripture. The Spirit of the Lord is upon me; for He hath anointed me to preach... ...the acceptable year of the Lord. ...to set the captives at liberty, and to give sight to the blind. And when He got through reading, He sat down and handed the Scripture back to the priest. And He said, "This day this scripture is fulfilled in your ears and eyes." You see it? For He was giving forth the warning of the coming forth of the great gusher of Pentecost, to set at liberty every one that was slaves to sin and bound.

```
Leviticus 25:8 And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years.

Leviticus 25:9 Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.

Leviticus 25:10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.

Leviticus 25:11 A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.

Isaiah 61:1 The spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;

Isaiah 61:2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;

Luke 4:18 The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,

Luke 4:19 To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.

Luke 4:21 And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.

```
**22** Now, at the going forth of this jubilee year, it was to be sounded throughout all the lands. A trumpet was to sound. And this trumpet would make the distinction... Of the trumpet was the fiftieth year sound that let every slave that had been bought, or become poor, poor and could not care for his own. He had fell beneath the load. And his master for his debt had bought him, and had placed him into the fields as a slave. And he had to serve him, for he was too poor to redeem himself. But God said, "Remember, you were one time slaves yourself down in Egypt, and I have freed you. Therefore, at the sounding of the trumpet, every slave, no matter how long he's been in or how short a time, he's at liberty to return to his family, to return to his people and be free of every debt. For it is a time of jubilee.

```
Leviticus 25:9 Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land.

Leviticus 25:10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.

```
**23** Even you wasn't to plant any corn. And what the fields would do is just to live on it. She shouldn't trim your vineyard or anything. The poor of the land was to eat of it. A very beautiful type of the Millennium. Notice, every slave, when he heard that trumpet sound, he could throw down his hoe or whatever he's working with and say, "I am a free man. I couldn't redeem myself. But God, through His grace, has declared it a year of jubilee. Therefore, I believe God. And I don't have to work anymore." And the laws of the land claimed him free. What a beautiful type of today. We, poor aliens, nothing we could do... If we kept every Sabbath, every new moon, quit eating meat; if we kept all kinds of days and done all kinds of religious sacrifice, we are under a load. We are sold in sin. Our parents sold us out to sin in the garden of Eden. And we are laden under the bonds of sin as a slave to the devil. We were born in sin, shaped in iniquity; come to the world speaking lies. There's nothing we can do to help us, because our whole make-up, our whole nature, and everything we are is sin. But when the jubilee time comes, that we are free. And the trumpet is the Gospel, the good news. The trumpet was the Gospel then. Good news. You're no longer bound. You no longer have to live in sin. You can go home and be free. You don't owe any debts at all. The whole Emancipation of Proclamation is done signed and you are free.

```
Leviticus 25:11 A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.

```
**24** And today, when a man hears the good news: Christ died in your stead, nothing that you can do about it, Christ paid the price. The Gospel sounds. You could drop every cigarette, every chew tobacco, every whiskey bottle, every thing that's binding you and say, "I am free. This is the good news. Christ has made me free." You are a free people. You don't have to go any longer. You don't have to serve the devil any longer. You can be free if you desire to be free. Now, you don't have to drink, you don't have to run around, you don't have to mistreat your wife, you don't have to curse, you don't have to lie, you don't have to steal, you don't have to be weary. Why, you've got the resources up yonder that's never been intact of the bountiful blessings of God that the world knows nothing about. You say, "I must have a little pleasure." Why, brother, if you ever hear the good news of the trumpet, the worldly pleasures seem so little. They're sounding brass and a tinkling symbol. You don't need it no more.

**25** So much greater is this news than the old boundaries of slavery. The old marks of sin that cause you to be batty-eyed wretches by smoking cigarettes. Alcoholics on the street, with trembling. You don't have to go that way. The Gospel trumpets a sounding. "Whosoever will, let him come and drink from the fountains of the waters of life." But to reject that... If a man said, "I want to stay the way I am. I don't want to go. I just want to stay right here.", that man was taken to the temple with his slave master. He must put his ear against a post and an awl was bored in his ear. And it was a sign that he could never be free. He had to serve his master as long as he lived, because he rejected the news of the good news. If that isn't a perfect type of the marking of the beast! The good news is the Gospel. To reject to hear the Gospel, your ears are sealed up that you'll always call it "Fanaticism, and there's nothing to it." And you'll be serving sin in forms of godliness as long as you live. No matter how religious you are, you are sealed off from the presence of God.

```
Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**26** Listen. What was it? About fifty years ago on Azusa Street in California, a bunch of people were worshipping God. Methodism had got so formal and indifferent until they didn't want none of what they call "fanaticism." No shouting. No "amen's." No nothing in the church. They thought that education and reformation would reform the people to a place that they didn't need this stuff any more.

**27** Let me tell you, my friends. Education as good as it may be, reformation as good as it may be, will never take the place of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. It's God's eternal plan to seal His church away. And they went forth on street corners. They walked railroad tracks. They picked up a grain of corn at a time, and mashed it in a platter and made corn cakes to feed their babies. They preached the Gospel across the country. They were throwed in jail. They were made fun of. They were rejected, called holy rollers, Pentecostal fanatics. And the world, America, rejected it. And when she did, her ears have been sealed to the Gospel ever since.

**28** What did they do? They refused to drink from the fountains of living water. What makes all these things in the world today? What makes these ladies wear those shorts? What makes them wear those blouses that you can see their clothes through? What is it? It's hungry children. That's right. Thirsty. "Blessed are ye when you hunger and thirst after righteousness." Jesus said, "You will not come to Me." Listen. The reason they do it, is because that they have rejected the fountains of living water and have drunk from a Hollywood broken cistern. Exactly right. They have received it through old vulgar televisions, and so forth like that. And the very plan that they've done, they went right straight back to Eden where it begin from. America has refused Christ as their God and received women as their god. What have they done? They strip their clothes and put lots of disgrace for a decent person to walk the streets of any city. What does that show? That shows just exactly what's in a woman's heart. Jesus said, "By their fruits you shall know them." They have disgraced womanhood. Why? Because that a woman has become a goddess.

```
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.

Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

John 5:40 And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.

```
**29** In the garden of Eden there were two trees. One of them was a tree of life. The other was a tree of death. And man refused the tree of life and accepted the tree of death. And that's what the world's done today. It's refused the tree of life, which is Christ, and has made a woman their god. She's American goddess. That sounds hard and I'm stripping down the women. And I want to tell you. After all a woman, let me bring you up on this, and men, you're coming next. Look, a woman is not ... even so low, she's not even a creation in God. She's a byproduct. After God made the whole creation, He took a piece off of a man and made a woman. She wasn't even considered in the original creation. Correctly. She become a helpmate to man. And through there she's supposed to live for that. But today men has turned around and made her a god.

```
Genesis 2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

```
**30** Like Eve was in the garden of Eden. Adam turned his back on God and went with Eve. And America and the rest of the world has turned their back on God and went with the women. That's scorching. But that's true. Look around. Why, you men! What's the matter with you? Any man that'll let his wife wear clothes like that and smoke cigarettes, that shows what you're made out of. Men, do you know you're the sons of God? You don't know God is; and you don't fear God, you fear your wife. That's right. Broken cisterns. Hollywood nonsense. Now, that's not only in Presbyterian and Catholic. That's in Pentecostal and holiness. That's true. Years ago, when the trumpet was beginning to sound, you women wore long hair, you dressed like ladies. But you Pentecostal women are getting just as rotten as the rest of them. That's right. Chopping off your hair. And the Bible said, any woman that cuts her hair, her husband has the right to give her a divorce and leave her. First Corinthians the 11th chapter. See if that's not right. She even dishonors her husband.

```
1 Corinthians 11:5 But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.

1 Corinthians 11:15 But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.

```
**31** Why do you want to wear clothes like that? Now, I'm talking to you women, because I see you letting your kids on the street act like that. And you yourself are. What in the world do you want to wear clothes like that for? I don't care how much religion you're supposed to have. That shows in your heart what's coming out. That shows exactly what you're made out of. Why? You deafen your ear to the real Gospel of liberation. That's right. You are marked by the antichrist. Acting like him. The fruits of your life prove what you are. And you men, because you let her do it, it shows who your God is and shows what you done. That's Gospel. That's the Word. Now, who's got the mark of the beast? So close that it would deceive the very elect, if possible. Can't you see, friends, that apple trees bear apples? Pear trees bear pears? Why in the world does a woman that's supposed to be a child of God want to dress like that? You say, "Well, they don't make blouses and clothes..." Oh, they don't? You got a sewing machine, certainly you have. It's because that down in your heart, trying to hold it over with a religious crust; you've listened to the devil. That's right. And maybe your pastor's guilty for not telling you the truth. That's right.

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

```
**32** You are a peculiar people, a separated people, a holy people, a royal priesthood; altogether different from the world. You don't act like them, dress like them, talk like them. You are called out, separated. Right. Now, you see what I mean? If you refuse now, you'll go away and say, "That preacher is just popping off." Am I? It's the Scripture. Then it's the Scripture popping off. Then if you've got your ears so bored that you've listened to the devil and you can never no more hear the Gospel truth and walk in the light, that's the mark of the beast. That's the Scri... You refuse to hear truth---Liberation---that Christ has made you free from those things. And you men, you poor little boneless-backed thing you, that'll let your wife walk around and blow cigarette smoke through her nose, and wear shorts and act like that around your house. And you're not man enough... You are a poor substitute as a son of God. I don't say mine will never do it. If she ever lets down, the devil gets a hold of her, she'll do it; but that's the day she ain't Mrs. Branham no more. That's right. That's the truth. Stand up! God don't put wish bones in men. He puts backbones in men. Gospel bones, that'll stand for the truth.

```
1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:

```
**33** Oh, my, what a horrible time we're living. Look around and see sin. Look at it. Oh, yes. You couldn't go to prayer meeting. "It's just too hot." "It's just too cold." "Well, after all, the preacher preaches too long. But you can keep your head in that old devil television day and night. You'll look... Why, half the little kids, when you mothers ought to teach them about Christ; not depend on the Sunday school teacher fifteen minutes once a week. Every kid in the land can tell you who David Crockett is, where he come from, and what age he was when he killed his bear. But there isn't one time one hundred percent can tell you how Jesus Christ come to save sinners. In a twenty-four... Less than twenty-four months... Yeah, less than twelve months, the whole nation knowed about David Crockett.

**34** Why can't Christians be afire for God, as Hollywood is for tommyrot, and let them know who Jesus Christ is? Why? They've sealed their ear. "I go to church and I'm as good as you are." That's the attitude. Judas was the same way. The Pharisees was the same way. Is that right? That is true. Broken cisterns. You say, what about the pope and things? All those things fall in line. When you reject the Gospel, your soul becomes an open sepulcher to the devil. And all these things finally wind you up in the grave. And not only is the Catholic Vatican included there, but the Protestant church is also.

**35** Revelations 17th chapter said that the Catholic church was a whore and the Protestant churches was prostitutes. But God's people was a "called out" of the whole thing. "Come out of Babylon," said the last warning-angel's message. Be not partakers of her sins. Come out! Separate yourself and be different! Not from just a logical standpoint, not because you think it's right to do. But pray until that thing's in your heart. 'Cause that's just what happened to Pentecost a few years ago and the Nazarenes and Pilgrim Holiness and all the rest of you people. That's right. That's what happened to you. You said, "Well, the rest of them, they all... The sisters are all letting their hair grow out, and, you know, I believe I'll do it too." Oh, you hypocrite! That's exactly. That's the reason you turn right back around and do what you do now. You never had it at the beginning. If it was in your heart, all devils of hell will never root it out of there. How can you ever make you anything but a human being when you was born a human being? How can you ever be anything but a Christian if you're born a Christian? But to reject the truth, then the devil seals the ear. Faith cometh by what? [Audience says, "Hearing."] And if your ear is sealed, you don't hear it anymore. "Ah, nonsense! I don't believe in that stuff. My pastor... He never told us that. He's got four degrees in college. He's better than these holy rollers." Go on. Your ears are sealed. They said the same thing about Peter and John. Said, they're "ignorant and unlearned men." But they had power (Hallelujah!) to make a lame man leap like a hart. They opened the eyes of the blind. They unstopped the ears of the deaf, because they were preaching the jubilee year. Thanks be to God for the same Holy Spirit. That's just the first step: rejecting Christ, rejecting the message. No matter how much you try to pretend. That don't do nothing to you. That only takes you deeper in hell. Your life proves what you are. Jesus said, "By their fruits you shall know them." Not, "by their church." Not, "by their affiliation." But, "by their fruit." There you are. That's the beginning of the mark of the beast.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Acts 4:13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

Revelation 17:1 And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:

Revelation 17:5 And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

Revelation 18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.

```
**36** Then the next thing you know, you go out to some to great, fine church where they got a lot of theology. Doctor Ph.D. John Doe. "Oh, well, you see, those fellows are unlearned. You see, they don't understand. We know in the seminary these things are a little different from that." I'm so glad that there's still a living Christ to bear record of His Word. And then they see all the signs and wonders. They can't hide that. They can't put it now. God has just made it so real until they can't keep from seeing it. They're trying to battle it with everything they can, but they'll beat their brains out and never do it.

**37** As I told you, standing at the Statue of Liberty one time. Little birds laying all around the thing---around a big light there. And I said to the one. "What did this?" He said, "Last night there was a storm. And the little birds was flying right into the light, trying to put it out. Instead of taking the light, and, as it searched out, go to safety, they tried to beat the light out, and they beat their brains out." I said, "Praise the Lord." Said, "What's the matter with you?" I said, "I was just thinking of all these infidelic, lukewarm, borderline preachers and believers, trying to put the true Gospel light out. You'll beat your brains out and God's Gospel will shine through eternal ages." He'll do it. Why don't you step in the light and let it take you to safety? It will bring you right into a knothole in the rock. That's right. Where there is a fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Immanuel's veins, When sinners plunged beneath the flood, Lose all their guilty stains.

**38** There you are. Look at the time we're living in. Here we are. Signs and wonders. Look at the church: Wearing shorts. Look at the women: Bobbed hair, wearing manicure or that stuff make-up that... Let me tell you. I'm a missionary. You know that. You know where that come from? From the very depths of Africa. The heathens wear that. The African heathen. And as soon as those women get converted, they take that stuff off. You don't have to tell them nothing about it. But the educated heathen knows more about it, you see. Still a heathen. The Bible said it was. You shouldn't fashion yourself or act like the heathen. The heathen is a deaf-eared, marked; designated for eternal hell, to burn in the fires of torment forever and ever.

**39** The first angel message went forth, Martin Luther's. Second angel message went forth, John Wesley's. The third angel's message has gone forth, and they still reject it and getting worse and worse. And the Bible said that evil doers and sin would get worse and worse. But they that know their God in that day shall do exploits. And the branch of the Lord and the daughters of Zion which has escaped will be beautiful in the sight of the Lord in that day---Isaiah prophesying. Where you at? What's the matter people? And you little spineless men. I seen a man, supposed to be a born-again brother, the other day sitting back under a shade tree reading a magazine, and his wife with a pair of shorts on mowing the yard. Out there where men was coming by watching her. I'm not the judge, but the Bible said, "By their fruit you shall know them." I walked into a place the other day, coming down, coming out of Yellowstone National Park. I went into a place... And I'm cold blooded. I can stand lots of cold. I have laid out in zero to twenty below. Sleep till my whiskers would be so froze with ice, till I could rake them across [unclear words] and back across my camp bag. Wouldn't bother me. And it was cold enough till my wife had to give me a T-shirt and a jacket. And here was them poor little naked heathens walking around there with little kids with little bitty short clothes on, and their cigarette-sucking husband walking by with an overcoat on, and them with little bitty shorts on. Brother, I believe in the name of all righteousness, I'd have pulled a top out of one of them cedars and I'd turned her blue. She'd have had something to been blue about. Yes, sir. I'm not saying that for a joke. This is no place to joke. I'm saying that because it's the Gospel truth.

```
Isaiah 4:2 In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel.

Daniel 11:32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.

Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

```
**40** I went into a place. Here come a woman in with a little child, not no more than that, dressed like a little butterfly. A little strap across her and around her, and the poor little thing was blue, run home like that. And here come her sister in, about eighteen years old, nattily, neat-built little woman. Every old gazing eye looking at her. And her a nervous little thing, sucking on a cigarette. And the next woman come in... Well, looked like a descent woman. She had a girl. Not a little girl, but she had a girl about fifteen. She had on a short, chubby coat. A long dress. The mother had on a heavy coat. I said, "Maybe I'm crazy. But how come that there's so much difference one from the other?" It's because, brother, sister, the spirit of the thing.

**41** Women, you don't want to do that. But it's the devil in you making you do that. You're a slave to it. You're drinking from the devil's stagnated cistern, because you've rejected to drink from the fountain that never runs dry. You've rejected the tree of life. You're going after the way of Cain and will perish in the gainsaying of Korah. Come out of it, while your ear is open to the truth. Be separated, born again. That's hard, but it's truth. Now, brother. "How can I escape it," you say? (The time is gone. We'll pick up from here, from the sealing of that ear.) You see how it makes them act? When a person comes to the altar, and say, "Brother Branham, oh, hallelujah, I got the Holy Ghost, I got this." They might speak in tongues, they might jump, they might shout. If their life don't change, there's no life happened in here. It's the same old life. If you could transfer the life out of a pear tree into an apple tree, it would bear pears as certain as I'm standing here. Its life shows what it is. Decency.

**42** And God's worked miracles. I'm looking sitting there Brother Cotes sitting there, right there. He don't know this, but a certain, certain person told me that man ain't got but just a few days to live with a cancer. There he is sitting there, healed this morning. Around in the building, different people across the nation, what is it? It's God working signs and wonders. Go into Africa, preach. Thousands of them take off their paints and put on their clothes and things and start acting like ladies and gentlemen. But America, ah, no. You got a television to look at. You've got the old vulgar programs, not censored on the radio. Radio and television's all right if it had the right thing. It could be a means of the spreading of the Gospel. But you sit and you take your kids and stick their head into it. And the first thing you know, here they are out, little neurotics and everything else, acting and impersonating. Why, it's a shame. That's your cistern that you're drinking from. Why don't you close your eyes to that and look up towards Calvary and say, "O God, fill my perishing soul."

**43** Listen. You can do without food a long time. But you can't go without drinking. Eighty percent of your body's made of water. The first thing God ever moved on ... the Spirit of God ever moved on was the water. And you can't go without water. And if your soul is hungering to worship... Listen, mister, Pentecost and Pilgrim Holiness and Presbyterian, Baptist, whoever you are, see. If you're hungering and you're thirsting, satisfy your thirst with Christ, and make Christ your God. Don't turn around and drink from these old stagnated cisterns. The first thing you know, you may act ever so religious but your ears are sealed to the truth. And do you remember, they would be so close to deceive the very elect? And to reject the Gospel is to be sealed with the mark of the beast. God marks you. And now what does it mean, it was in your head? Your ear's on your head too. What is it? Your head is your knowledge. Faith cometh by hearing. Hearing, not some church rule, but the Word of God. Then if you reject that, what happens? You're sealed. [unclear words] hear it no more.

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**44** "Oh, that's nonsense." And you're marked. And then the fountain that's in your life will produce just what you really are. Do you see what I mean? Come out of it, folks. You men and you women, shame on you. "How can I escape it, Brother Branham?" Now, here you are. Just for the next few minutes, let me tell you. In Revelations the 7th chapter, the Angel went forth to destroy four of them. And would bring the whole world to destruction. God said, "Just a minute. Hold the four winds till we seal the servants of our God in their foreheads." And He carried the seal of the living God. The seal of the living God is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Ephesians 4:30 said, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed until the day of your redemption." Is that right? "Grieve not." Don't try to act like the world. Don't wear those... I've got inside scale. Let me tell you something. I'll bring them here and read them to you if you want me to. I've got the inside.

```
Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

Revelation 7:1 And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.

Revelation 7:3 Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads.

```
**45** Captain Al Ferrar, one of my converts, the head of the FBI, on the juveniles side. Many great men has come in. And they said, "Brother Branham, if that type of Gospel would be preached, we would be without a job." Certainly. If the people would receive it. But they've already had their ears marked off with some of these slaves of denominations. And they're drinking from them old Presbyterian, Lutheran, Baptist, Pentecostal cisterns. That's all. And they don't know God. They're not open to their hearts. Their life proves what it is. Enough temper to fight a buzz saw and curse you to drop your hat and tell you to shut up your mouth.

**46** The other day some crazy woman driver, drove right in front of me. Come pretty near killing two of my children. I said, "Lady." She said, "Now you shut your mouth; I'm the one that's driving." And before I got back, twenty-six women drivers almost caused us to be killed. We kept count of it. They made a mistake when they give her a driver's license. They put her out here to voting. They put her out to these public works. And during the time of the war, right in New York City ... more illegitimate children was born in the city of New York, of prostitute women, and their husbands overseas, than there was soldiers killed in the four years of war. When a woman gets out of the kitchen, she's out of her place. Whether she's preaching the Gospel or whatever she's doing, she's out of her place. Man was not made for woman, but woman was made for man. Man is not a byproduct of a woman, but the woman is a byproduct of the man. I know that scorches, but it's Gospel pill that'll open up your spiritual digesting track, and let the Holy Ghost sweep through, and make you a different person if you will believe it. Amen. That's what the Bible said. Now, can you hear, or is your ear already stopped up? Now, if you doubt this, read First Corinthians the 11th chapter when you go out. Find out if it's not. Find out if that's not true. Other Scriptures: Isaiah 6 and Isaiah 5. Oh my, all through the Scripture: Colossians, Galatians. Paul speaking, saying, "You obey your husband.

```
1 Corinthians 11:9 Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.

Titus 2:5 To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.

1 Peter 3:1 Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;

```
**47** Just like you... But your husband's so pantywaist, such a sissified substitute as a Christian. He's a disgrace to mankind, let alone the kingdom of God, that'll let you do such a thing. Because he fears you more than he does God. You'll kick him out. He don't care if God kicks him out, he can go to the Presbyterians or the Methodist. But if you kick him out, "Oh, my, what's going to happen?" You goddess and you goddess lover. Why don't you get a backbone in you? I don't know why I'm talking like this. Something making me talk. I don't know. That's right. I'm not scolding you. Women, men, I'm only warning you. "Thus saith the Lord." Get right with God. "How can I escape it, Brother Branham?" Never by joining church. You might be baptized in the name of Jesus, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, three times forward, three times backward, up-side-down, anyway you want to be. You might be sprinkled, poured, put your name on a book, but until you are born again of the Spirit of God that life of the devil still remains in you. That's right. Do you understand?

**48** Now, listen closely, before closing. "How can I escape it, Brother?" Neither male or female is excepted or dispelled. You're all one in the site of God when it comes to this. How do you do it? Your heart is a womb. You know what I'm speaking of, women and men? Your heart is a womb, and the womb holds the seed. And the seed is the Gospel. Now, the seed alone, in its heart---no matter how many Gamaliel's you sit under; no matter how great your pastor is and how much you've read the Bible---it'll never take life until the germ of life has come to it. A woman's seed is a wonderful thing. It's the building of the body, but it has no life. It can't, it's impossible. It has no life to begin with. So no matter how much you know the Bible and how well it is in your heart, you're still a sinner. Now, what happens? The heart is the womb. And faith cometh by an open ear---it's not been sealed by theology. Faith cometh by hearing. The Word comes into the mind. You make up your mind about it. "Is that right? Could that be right? Well, the Bible said so. I believe it. Whew!" There the heart of gold. Then it's a womb. Then the male sex. We are the bride, the woman. The seed goes into the church. Then the male sex, which is the blood cell, the blood of Christ is applied. And in the blood comes a germ of life that goes into the seed and brings forth a new born baby, crying, "Abba Father! Abba Father! My God, my God, why did I ever do those things? My God, my God!" There you are.

**49** The little womb here in your heart, with the seed this morning falling into it. Won't you open your eyes? Won't you let it fall---not from your mind---down into the womb of your heart? Men and women alike. There's neither male or female in this kind. Both of you've got a heart. Let it fall down here and say, "Well, sure, that's the truth." Look. The Bible said, don't act like the heathens, the unbelievers. Don't yoke yourself with them. Come out from among them. Don't be this way. If you love the world or the things of the world... The fashions... That word came from the Greek word cosmos, which mean "the fashions of the world." If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not even in you yet. You've never been born. Then let the male, Christ Jesus our Lover, with His seed in your heart... He comes to His seed to make it alive. The letter killeth; the Spirit giveth life. The letter alone kills. But when the Holy Spirit comes down through the cleansing blood, into this womb, a germ takes on.

```
Matthew 6:7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.

2 Corinthians 3:6 Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.

2 Corinthians 6:14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?

2 Corinthians 6:17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

1 John 2:15 Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.

```
**50** What is it by a mother? The little egg lays there. The little seed lays there waiting for the male. And as soon as the male germ comes... The male germ rushes quick. And what is it? A blood cell. It opens itself. O God, can you understand what I mean, God? It opens itself. And around this forms a little pocket of blood. On the inside of this puts this little egg to life. And in there begins to come forth. In there brings life. We are conceived by the Holy Ghost. The Spirit of God comes into our hearts, brings a new person, Christ Jesus. Old things die. And if you reject to hear it, and just keep: "Well, my preacher says this, that, or the other." And you refuse to have life, you become sterile. Then you come to a place where you can't have no more children. You're sterile. You're in reproach. You can't have children. And if you grieve the Spirit of God too many times, you are sealed. You don't hear it no more. First time you hear it, oh my, you let your hair grow out. You act like ladies. You didn't wear these things. You act like a lady, you act like a man. You kept your house in order. You done those things. But then all at once it began to move around. What was it? You never let the life come in and go to work. You've died prematurely. Right.

**51** Now let the Spirit of God come in. Come through the hearing of the Word. You heard it. That's the Bible. If you receive the mark of the beast, you're lost forever. If you receive the seal of God, you're sealed forever. And there's the two spirits is working. Maybe Sunday a week, or as soon as I can get back, we'll finish it up and get on down and see what they are. Will you receive it this morning while we bow our heads in a word of prayer? Our sister will come to the piano at the time, if she will, while you're making your mind up. Today, sitting in here are people who are now making your ... maybe your final decision. You either will be, or you won't be. Have you sinned so far, sister? Brother, have you sinned so far and crossed the separating line till you think that's foolish? Do you think it's not the Word of God? Have you got in that condition, or have you still got a little tinkling there, the door isn't all the way closed? You say, "Yes, brother, I believe it's the truth, and this morning I accept it. And from this day henceforth I mean by the grace of God to make my life different. I now raise my hands to Christ Jesus and ask Him to be merciful to me, and let the flow of His life come into me and make me a newborn babe in the kingdom so my life will be like His."

**52** Will you do it, while you raise your hands to Christ? God bless you, and you, and you, you and you and you, you. Someone else, will you now raise your hands? "I accept Christ, I believe it." He hears you. He knows you. Look what's going on in the world. We're at the end. You haven't got but a few more days, friend. Do you know, hanging yonder in Russia done marked with your name on it? You know yonder in hell the tag is hanging on the door expecting you there one of these mornings? You better let somebody who can go there and take it for you, take it off. There's only One can do that, that's the Son of God. "I have overcome death and hell. I am He that was dead and alive forevermore." All other grounds are sinking sand. There's been about six or eight raised their hands. Is there another while you make up your mind? Just raise your hand up to God and say, "Now I raise my hands to Christ to be His servant from this day on." God bless you there, young lady. Someone else while we wait just a moment. "I'll raise my hand to Christ from this day on. I dump the world from my heart. I make my heart pure and clean again. I want to know Christ." To know Him is life. Not to know the Bible is life. Not to know theology is life, but to know Christ is life. Will you raise your hand once more now? Is there another just before closing?

```
Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

```
**53** It's your decision. The only thing I can do is preach the Word. The Holy Spirit brought it. What do you want to do about it? Can you accept it, or is your ears sealed tight? "Oh, well, I've heard that before. I'll ... some other time." O God, be merciful to you, my lost brother. And not knowing before you leave that door your heart may stop. Not knowing that you'll ever be in another Gospel meeting, and would you sit there my brother, sister in that state and not be willing to say, "Christ be merciful to me, I've been wrong, You forgive me, I want to start new today"? Just about six or eight hands has went up. Would there be another before close, before I have prayer? I'm going to pray with you. Then we're going to pray for the sick. All right. Let's keep out heads bowed.

**54** Dear God, yes, as a poet wrote: "There is a fountain filled with blood, drawn from Immanuel's veins." We realize that the kingdom of God is not in what we eat or drink, or wearing of apparel. We realize that, God; that we don't stop this and stop wearing this and that, to make us different. But when the Spirit of Christ comes in, it does that itself. Not what we do, but what He does. What He does. God, I know this has been very hard, been very cutting. And I know the Gospel is (You said), " Sharper than a two-edged sword, going to the marrow of the bones, and a discerner of the spirit." And I pray, Father, that these who were convicted, eight or ten people here in this building raised up their hands to know that they were in the wrong. Their lives doesn't cope up to Your Word. And they raised their hands to be remembered in prayer. And I pray Thee, Heavenly Father, this very day that You will sanctify their hearts from all the things of the world, that Your Spirit may come into their life and there give them grace. And may the newborn babe, Christ, be definite proof to the whole world as a written epistle read of all men.

```
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**55** How, Father, could a woman that says she is a Christian, dress to meet men. Only one did that, Father, in Your Word and that was Jezebel. You feed her to the dogs, and give her an example of what a horrible creature she was. And how the little Herodian danced with her little striptease clothes on before her foster father. What a society dance that was. And knowing history, that seventy-two of her children following her through the generations died on gallows, and prostitutes. What an example. Dear John, with his head laying on a platter, testifies to the earth today that there is righteousness in God. Let it be so today, God, with each one here that's out of Christ. Bring them to a realization Father that these words are not falsely; they're Your words. And if the Bible is true, then the hour is close at hand. Give grace and mercy to those who are seeking, we ask in Christ's name. Amen.

**56** Let's once together now, slowly: There Is A Fountain Filled With Blood. Right after the healing service, I want each person that raised their hand to come to the altar personally, kneel down and pray. "Raising your hands. Does that do anything?" Yes sir. It certainly does. "He that hearth My words, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath everlasting life." That makes you a new creature. Now, I don't mean this to imagine. I mean do it. Then your fruits will prove it. Then after you've did that, then by one Spirit we're baptized into the body of power and service. He never said you'll receive new birth after the Holy Ghost come upon you. Said, "You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you." A different thing altogether. Not new birth, but new power. You're born again by believing. You believe to eternal life. But you're baptized with the Holy Ghost until power. Power for service. All right, altogether. There is a fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Immanuel's veins, And sinners plunged beneath the flood, Lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty stains, Lose all their guilty stains,

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

```
**57** Now you either wear today, what? No middle ground. Either the mark of the beast, of the world---apostate church; or the seal of God---holy. Now while, just a moment. Remember today that every person leaving this door either leaves with the mark of God or the mark of the end---the apostate church. Oh, you say, "Brother Branham, I go..." That don't have one thing to do with it. The devil goes to church. He's very religious. The Bible said so. Are you born again? Does your life cope with His Word? Does your action, does your life, does your dressing, does your behavior, does your spirit, does your faith, all cope with the Word of God? Then that shows the life in you is living Christ. Now, once more, while softly and tenderly now. The dying thief (His last hour.) rejoiced to see That fountain in his day; There may I, though vile as he, Washes all my guilt away. Altogether now. And let's just kind of close our eyes and slip up our hands to God as we sing it. The dying thief rejoiced to see That fountain in his day; And there may I, though vile as he, Wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away, Wash all my sins away; And there may I, though vile as he, Wash all my sins away. Doesn't it do something to you to know that Christ forgives every sin?

**58** Sometime ago, Bombay, India, five hundred thousand sitting there. When they seen a blind man receive his sight there. Buddha, Mohammed, all their prophets was defeated. They stood there and I said, "Do you believe now that He lives?" See the thousands of hands goes up. Setting, Durban, South Africa, where thirty thousand at one time received Christ, after a man so crippled that He straitened him. Here not long ago in Winnipeg, China ... or, Winnipeg, Canada, a little Chinese boy---a little Buddha worshiper about that high, a little midget like---come up; he was blind. He worshipped Buddha. And I said, "If Christ will heal you, will you serve Him? He said, I'll serve no other God but the One that would heal my eyes." While he was standing there, his eyes come open. He began weeping. Looked around, he said, "Oh, I can see." The first thing he said, "Could I see the cross where my sins were expelled?"

**59** Then I think as I crossed around the country and see the different people. See the great signs the coming that Jesus said would be here. Said, "Perplexed of time, distress between the nations." Horseless carriages would be going through the streets with headlights jostling one against another. And there'd be all these things that the prophets down through the ages have told; how they go through the air like birds and under the water like fish. How that the great distress between the nations and see all these things. He said, "In that day, they'd raise the Spirit of God up. It would do exploits, signs and wonders. It would be the end time." He said, "There will be light in the evening." All nations shall come. God's calling today. I pray that you'll receive Him. Now, tonight is the service at the tabernacle. Our most dearly, honored, and beloved Brother Neville will be speaking, I suppose, tonight. I aim to be here myself, the Lord willing. Junie, I'm going to try get to your place Thursday night, if I can, if any way's possible---and down in New Albany. I think that's your service night, isn't it? I've been trying to get the little churches.

```
Daniel 11:32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits.

Nahum 2:4 The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings.

Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

Luke 21:25 And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;

```
**60** And now, dear friends. Listen to Brother Neville's broadcast. I want to pick this mark of the beast up and show you just exactly where it's setting today. Show you where every tribe of Israel is setting. Show that everything is right exactly waiting for the word to be issued from Heaven with, "Lo, He cometh." See? That's right. Been studying and watching and waiting and praying.

```
Revelation 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.

```
**61** Now, my service this morning, and now is to pray for the sick. There's some who comes in here from different parts of the country to be prayed for, and we sure want to pray for them. And I want to assure you that God is a healer. That He heals all kind... How many in here has been healed? Let's see your hands go up. Now you can see. And if I'd ask if cancer, blindness, deaf, dumb, crippled... Just think what will be on that day. Someone said, "I don't believe in healing." I said, "You just come a little too late." That's right. "Just a little late. The Holy Spirit beat you here." The other day when I knew my brother dying out there. And I was in Canada, right at the Canadian border. How the Lord was merciful. With a fever a hundred and seven, wilting away, and kneeling there in prayer. And the doctors walked in. And a specialist in Louisville, said, "Now, son, I don't know what your faith is, but," said, "there's been Somebody here besides the doctor." That's right.

**62** Yesterday I took him to Scottsburg to get his car. They said he'll ... they gave him one hour to live, to get his people in, because if they're longer than an hour away, they'll never see him. Well, that just shows prayer changes things. So glad that we have a living God. The millions of testimonies of His glory. Now, Sister Gertie, that famous old song, "Fear not, little flock, whatever your lot." He's here. And now, how many's here to be prayed for? Let's see your hands. Would you raise up your hands, those to be prayed for? Somewhat it looked like about fifteen. And we want you to... Now while we're singing "Only Believe," we want you to come to the altar to be prayed for. And then when you get up here, then we'll dismiss the audience; they can stay or go. And then we'll pray for the sick. Or, wait. It might not take but just a moment. The Lord might do something here this morning that you'd love to see. Maybe somebody blind, or deaf, or dumb, the Lord might heal them. So we don't know just what will happen.

**63** The meeting here at the tabernacle, we conduct it a little different than what we do in the outside meetings. We usually bring them one by one for discernment to find out what's in their life and what they've done. Here we pray and lay hands on them because it's a massive order. People are coming in from all parts of the country. I'll show you. Anybody here from as far as fifty miles out of Jeffersonville come to be prayed for, raise up your hand. There you are. How many's as far as a hundred miles raise up your hand. There you are. Two hundred miles? Three hundred miles? See there, see. That's what you are, see.

**64** Probably from way away, some from different parts. They come wait here in these hotels and things till Sunday morning to be prayed for. So, to get them all through after preaching, we just come up and pray and anoint them with oil. Lay hands on them. And oh, how God works miracles for us. We believe. Now, while we're singing. I wonder if they would fix a row. Brother or Sister McFadden, I wonder if you'd come right up this way a little bit. Some of you there, so that they could get in here and line up right along the altar. Let them line up this way, over on this side, so they can pass right down this way. Over on this side while the rest of us sing: There Is A Fountain Filled With Blood. Over on my right. Line up right back over here and everybody be prayed for as they come through the line. Just come as far as right here so you can go back. A fountain filled with blood. Drawn from Immanuel's..... ...... their guilty stains, Lose all their guilty stains; And sinners plunged beneath that flood, Lose all their guilty stains.

**65** There's supposed to be two little boys here from up north. Did they arrive? That was born deaf and dumb. Two little boys born deaf and dumb. They're little twins that come from up above Sturgis, Michigan. They're supposed to be here this morning. Both of them born deaf and dumb. Are they here? Raise your hand. From Sturgis, Michigan. If they're here, I want you to bring them up and lets use them for an example to show you that God can make the deaf to hear and the dumb to speak. Two little boys from Sturgis, Michigan. Have they arrived? They called me yesterday afternoon. I see some little fellows coming in. Just a moment and we'll find out. Ask that brother if he's from Sturgis. Are you from Sturgis, sir? ["No."] All right, all right. Well, that's all right. You know God heals. You know that so, maybe your case might not do something that can be seen, but God will do it anyhow. You believe it, don't you? Whether it's seen or not, but I could just... God heals. How many was at Indianapolis the other night when that deaf and dumb woman, born deaf and dumb, received her hearing and speech? The lady brought her from somewhere, Joliet, Illinois, or somewhere. She had never spoke and heard in her life. That girl can sing now. See? Oh, how marvelous! The woman that was in the wheelchair, her doctor came to me the next day, and consulted me, over in the place, about that woman had been paralyzed for, I believe, for around fifteen years or better, maybe more than that. He said, "Mr. Branham, I been doctoring that woman for a year." And he said, "I knowed something happened to her," Said, "Here she is, walking around, doing her cooking today." I said, "Certainly. Jesus Christ came on the scene." Now, as a preacher, I'm not-I'm not much of a preacher. I'm a spare tire in that, but God sent me to pray for the sick. And I know where I stand there. I know where I stand in the Gospel. I can't deliver it like, maybe, the pastors or so forth, but I-I do know my standing in Divine healing, cause that's what I was called for. Now, I want each one of you to do this. If there was one thing that I could do for you, to help you in any way, ..... I could do for you, to help you in anyway and would not do it, I'd be a cruel person and God would be the same. If I would be cruel for not helping you if I could, and me a man, and you'd consider me cruel, which I would be. How much more would you consider God who is omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent? How could you get by without calling Him cruel, if He wouldn't do it? But He has done it. He's only asked you one thing: to believe it. That's the only basis.

**66** If He'd put... If you will pay so much money, look where you'd stand; you ain't got it. What if He'd say, "If you'll maybe do certain things that you couldn't do." But there's one thing that's in reach of everybody: Faith. Just believe it. "The prayer of faith shall save the sick, and God shall raise them up." And if the heathen---Buddhists and so forth---and unbelievers, raw heathens who worship idols can accept it, and be healed of blind, deaf, paralyzed... In South Africa, that one prayer over the congregation, twenty-five thousand people got healed. Seven truck loads of crutches and wheel chairs and things that they'd packed their loved-ones on, was picked up off the grounds after one prayer. Seven truckloads, to clean the grounds for the next meeting. O God. We poor educated heathens, so full of doubt and fear. Why do you do it? Oh, can't you cut loose every line this morning? Oh, there is a fountain filled with blood. "My ears are open, my heart's open. The seed's here. Come, Lord Jesus, to make it real to me." God will grant it.

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**67** Here stands an elderly man I met just a few moments ago coming in the door. He was here with gallbladder trouble years ago. God healed him, made him every whit whole. Said, "Brother Branham, didn't know you were going to pray for the sick so I come." He had a heart attack. Said, "I come." Just leaning on things. And here he stands at the altar this morning now, after having prayer for him a few minutes ago. Here he's standing here. God's good, isn't He? He's a good God. He loves.

**68** Now to all you. I'm going to pray for everyone of you right now. And I want to ask, how many people in here that's able to be up has feeling for these sick people will pray this prayer with me as you raise your hand? Now, what does the Bible say? "The prayer of faith shall save the sick. And if they lay their hands upon the sick, they shall recover." Is that right? Now you people that's standing in the line, I want you to pray this prayer. Now I'm going to say it. You pray it. Now with our heads bowed. All of you together. I want you to pray.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**69** [The audience repeats each phrase after Brother Branham] : Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life. I now believe on Jesus Christ Thy Son. After accepting Him as my personal Savior, I now come to accept Him as my healer. I now confess my faith in Him, and His finished works. That's why I stand in this line, for Your servants to carry out the commission, to anoint me with oil, and lay hands upon me, and pray a prayer of faith. I now believe that You heal me. Now, keep your heads bowed. That's your prayer. You commit yourself to God. If there's one doubt, take it out right now. And I assure you nobody will come through here without being healed, if you'll come sincerely. Now I'm going to pray for you. My, I see a colored sister standing holding a little baby. Cute little thing. I'm thinking the other day up at Junior Cash's, that colored girl that had a wreck and severed the hearing and speech, could never be spoke or heard no more. Standing right there when I prayed for her and asked the Lord Jesus to heal her, she could speak and hear. With all the nerves cut loose, how did it do it? The Creator, God, put them nerves back together, and she could speak and hear.

**70** Now, Heavenly Father, along this line stands people from parts of the nation, and even parts of the world. Some of them here from Africa, and from different places---Irish, English, African. All different nations has come to the fountain. And I bring them to Thee upon the confession of their faith. And after I've had them to repeat these words to You, praying, God, that it come from sincerity and the depths of their heart. I now offer this prayer, the prayer of faith that shall save the sick. God be merciful. And I pray that You'll heal them, everyone. Dear God, knowing that there's nothing in I, or in Your beloved servant Brother Neville. But Thou has commissioned us, that we should go to all the world, anoint the sick and pray for them, lay hands on them, and pray a prayer of faith, and You said, "It'll save the sick." And I know that we have power. You give it to us when You give us the Holy Ghost. That's the power.

```
Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

James 5:14 Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:

James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**71** And now, Lord, give us faith to operate this power. We see when You give the disciples power and told them to raise the dead, heal the sick, and cast out evil spirits. We find that they were defeated. And they said to You, "Why couldn't we do it after You give us the power?" You said, "Because of your unbelief." God, take away my unbelief and the unbelief of this audience. And I approach Thee, Lord, as if I were dying. And I stand in the breach here this morning, between the living and dead. And I ask Thee, dear God, that these which are in the middle place, the breach, dying with cancer, with diseases. Oh, living God, expel death from them and let life take its place for the glory of God. I believe, and pray, and commit this prayer to you Lord, as I lay hands on the sick in the name of Jesus Christ, that You'll heal every one of them for the glory of God and for the Gospel's sake. Now, with our heads bowed. Softly. Sister Gertie, you lead the singing. There is a fountain... Oh, I changed it. "Only Believe." Softly everyone. Brother Neville, come with the anointing oil. Every one in prayer. Every one holding onto God as we go lay hands on them and pray. In Jesus' Name... In the Name of the Lord... In the Name of the Lord Jesus... In the Name of the Lord Jesus...In the Name of the Lord Jesus... In the Name of the Lord Jesus, receive... In the Name of the Lord Jesus...In the Name of the Lord Jesus, receive your healing. In the Name of the Lord Jesus. [Gap in the audio-Ed.] I trust that God don't think that I'm trying to do something evil. This poor boy's come a thousand miles. And now, friends, you see where I stand? My God's got to be right or wrong. I believe God. This is God's Word. The Koran, all other books are false. This is truth, God's Word. Without a vision, without nothing, but believing that that Angel of God, Who I know is standing present, will come to my aid through the Blood of Jesus Christ, and will do this, that I've asked for. And now, I say to this audience, understand clearly: If you raise your head till you hear my voice, I will not be responsible for what happens. Cause you know that these spirits go from one to another. They'll come right straight to you. So, in Jesus Christ's Name, no matter how much believer you believe that you are, I ask you to keep your head bowed, your eyes closed till you hear my voice. Don't watch what I do. I'm praying, that's all I'm doing, but the gate of the soul is the eyes. And when you're looking, you think you have faith many times when you don't. You just have hope. Now, please, from right now, may every head stay bowed, every eye closed, inside and out, till you hear my voice say, "Raise your head." May, in Christ's Name, you do it. Dear God, standing before this brother, in Thy Name, in the Name of Thy Holy Child, the Lord Jesus. O You, Who walked down Galilee; You, Who made the deaf to hear, the dumb to speak, the blind to see; and You projected, by the Holy Spirit, this Power into Your Church. O Eternal God, Who raised Jesus from the dead, help me to have faith at this moment, because this boy, being deaf and a mute, can't hear, and don't know how to appropriate faith, may he hear, Lord. And now, upon the sovereign grace of God, upon the witness of the Holy Ghost, and upon the vindication of a worldwide ministry that You have granted to your unprofitable servant, as an unworthy person, and one who is unable, but a believer, I now challenge this mute spirit in the Name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. And with a sincere heart, I say, come out of the man. For I adjure thee, by the living God, that you depart from him that he'll be well. In Christ's Name, I challenge thee to come out of the man, through the Blood of the Lord Jesus. Every eye closed, every head bowed. [Brother Branham claps his hands-Ed.] Hear me? Hear me? You hear me? He's hearing. Now just keep your head bowed. Say, "Praise God." [The brother says, "Praise God."-Ed.] Say, "I love Jesus." ["I love Jesus."] " Praise God." ["Praise God."] Now, you can raise your head. [The brother says, "Raise head."] Raise your head now. "Praise the Lord." [The brother says, "Praise the Lord."] " I love Jesus." ["I love Jesus."] " Hallelujah." ["Hallelujah."] Let us say, "Praise the Lord!" [The congregation says, "Praise the Lord!"-Ed.] Let's give God praise. Let's stand up to our feet just a minute. Almighty God, Author of Everlasting Life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this children. I pray that You'll anoint them. Give them the desire of their hearts by filling them with the Holy Ghost. Great signs and wonders might be done for the glory of God, through Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, you be seated. He_he says, through the microphone, he can hear me a little through the microphone. Wave your hands. Hear it? Through the microphone? Hear me a little? Hear me, now? Yeah? Praise the Lord. Let's say, "Praise the Lord!" [The congregation says, "Praise the Lord!"-Ed.] Amen. That's good. Now, what happened? The deaf and dumb spirit left him. Now, he's beginning to talk like a baby, hear like a baby, to understand like a baby. The spirit that had him gripped has left him. Now, see that he keeps on doing it. See? Don't let unbelief settle down no more. Let it go on. Amen. And be well. Amen. Oh, you ought to see his face, how he's smiling, and looking this way. Play the music, Sister Gertie. Hear it? Wait. Yeah. He's talking to me. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord!" Everybody. [The congregation says, "Praise the Lord!"-Ed.] Jesus lives and reigns, doesn't He? Let's say, "I believe." [The congregation repeats after Brother Branham-Ed.] I believe. "I love Jesus." I love Jesus. "Praise the Lord!" Praise the Lord! Let us bow our heads just moment, now. How wonderful, how glorious! How tedious, how tasteless the hour When Jesus, no longer I see! Sweet prospects, sweet music, sweet flowers, Have all lost their beauty to me. The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him, December's as pleasant as May. How wonderful! O God, how we love You, and worship You. How we praise You. How matchless You are, how good, how full of mercy. Let's just raise our hands real slowly, now, up to Him and worship Him just a moment. If you just raise your hands, and saying, "Praise the Lord Jesus!" Come, Brother Neville... Dismiss in prayer.

```
Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.
```
