---
Date: 1956-01-01
Title: Why are people so tossed about?
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 55 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Why are people so tossed about?



**1** There to my heart was the Blood applied. Glory to His Name! Our Father, we thank Thee this morning, there is a Fountain open in the house of David for--for uncleanliness, and purifying of our hearts. And we come humbly this morning to that Fountain, that's filled with Blood of Thy own beloved Son, Jesus. Plunging our souls beneath Its crimson flow, to come up on the other side washed. Where we went in sinners, we come out saved. Go in sick, come out well. Go in down-trodden, disheartened, weary, tossed about by every little thing and come out on the other side established. How we thank Thee for this great opportunity, this great privilege that we have of coming to Thee. And today we humbly bow our heads and thank Thee for every blessing. Meet with us today Father here. Now we thank You for meeting with us in the songs, and the former part of the service, and now meet with us around the Word. And may we have fellowship around the Word with Thee Lord, and may the Holy Spirit take every word straight to the heart of the believer and sinner alike. And may there come forth a great harvest of help today: help for the needy; help for the sick and the afflicted; help for the weary and distressed; and help for the wayfaring man, for the lukewarm believer; and encouragement for the one who's in Christ, resting, filled with the Spirit, waiting the coming of the Lord. Grant it Father, for we ask it in His Name, the Lord Jesus. Amen. So happy to be in the Tabernacle this morning; and a hearty good morning to you all. Trusting that this day has found us still in the service of the Lord. When we raised our hands a while ago, how many could sing, "I am so wondrously saved from sin?" I was sure so happy. It looked like a hundred percent. Everywhere, every hand that I could notice was up in the air: "I am so wondrously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within." I'm so happy for that today for you.

**2** And now, I believe that sister here on the stretcher is just a little bit in the sun. If she'd want to be moved over, maybe. I don't know whether it's bothering her or not; and I noticed her hand also up: "So wonderously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within." Oh, isn't that marvelous? When Jesus of Nazareth can come into our hearts, and bless us, and make us what we ought to be. There used to be a little song we used to sing years ago: "He makes me what I ought to be. His grace can cleanse and set me free..." (something like that). How marvelous it is!

**3** Now, just before we start in to teach the Sunday school... It was my lot this morning to come and teach Sunday school. And it made me feel good to come in the back door and see them putting the birthday offerings up here. That reminded me of a long time ago when the Tabernacle was first being in its cradle days. And it's just like old times to hear the pastor blessing the people for the coming years of their life, and giving thanks for what God had graciously done for them.

**4** Now, I think I owe to this Tabernacle the reasons why ... and to be the first place that I make this announcement of anywhere yet. It's typed out and ready for mail. But I think that I would want to quote it, being the new year; not that it's New Years, but it's the new turn of time. I believe we are living in a very wonderful, glorious day of opportunity, when people of this day living to see the shadows of the coming of the Son of God. I believe with all my heart that the world is going to burst, now, into the greatest revival that was ever known, or it's going into the darkest chaos that's ever been known in history. And it's a great time of people to make a decision on what they are going to do. If there happens to be someone here today who hasn't made the decision right, for Christ, I trust that it will be this morning; somewhere in the service that you'll in your heart say, "Yes, Lord, this is the day when I make my decision to serve You the rest of my life."

**5** It's a wonderful day. I'm sure that over our eyes has been just a veil---even believers---till we can't see just what's going on around us, you see. And many times, spiritual-led people are misunderstood, and they don't ... to the peoples of the world, because it's such a strange and an odd life to live a full surrendered life to the Lord Jesus.

**6** Now, a few weeks ago... I had promised the Lord eight ... or, about ten years ago, when I left in 1946 (when I left the Tabernacle), that I would serve Him with all my heart in these campaigns, knowing that it was going to be a great disturbance out there, because ... and a lot of money included, and everything like that. So, I knew that usually, in reading, that men who get ... the Lord bless them just a little bit, there's about three major things that usually brings a minister back to the rut. And noticing them: one of them was money, women, popularity. And those three things... I noticed in the Scriptures that where money was the prophet Balaam, who sold out his gifts to go, on account of money ---when Balak offered so much money. Many of you are acquainted with the story. To Samson, it was Delilah---the woman who wooed him in her lap until he give away the secrets of the Lord to her. And Saul, it was popularity. He was a prophet; the Bible said he was numbered with the prophets. And through popularity, he wanted to be big and above someone else. He fell by this.

```
Numbers 22:17 For I will promote thee unto very great honour, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people.

Numbers 22:21 And Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab.

Judges 16:15 And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and hast not told me wherein thy great strength lieth.

Judges 16:16 And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;

Judges 16:17 That he told her all his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.

1 Samuel 10:11 And it came to pass, when all that knew him beforetime saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets, then the people said one to another, What is this that is come unto the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?

1 Samuel 10:12 And one of the same place answered and said, But who is their father? Therefore it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the prophets?

1 Samuel 19:24 And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day and all that night. Wherefore they say, Is Saul also among the prophets?

```
**7** And this is the three major causes that I seen in the Bible that caused men to fall. And I asked our heavenly Father to please let me shun at all times those things, especially these three major things, and kept a covering over them. I made a promise to God that I would never beg for money in the meetings. And I made a covenant with Him: if He ever got to a place where He didn't supply my needs in the meetings, just by passing the collection plate---which I knew it would take tens of thousands of dollars to do it in great massive meetings. And then I told Him that I would leave, and come home off the field.

**8** This He miraculously did without making one stress at any time for money ... or, press. Three or four managers lost their jobs because of making a little press for money---which I would not permit it. I don't believe in it. The people around the city here might think... Well, the Lord gave us a little home up there. That was taken up in one night that I... Someone think, "Well he's a multimillionaire." I wish you only knew the truth, see; you'd know different from that. That I could have been, that's right. But I ... not even begging, but just people come and say, "I give you this Brother Branham," but I refused it. I don't want it. I want nothing to do with it. It's filth. I want my inheritance to be above---up here.

**9** And knowing this: that day by day, the gray hairs are coming into my head; and I'm not the little boy that I was that started preaching here twenty-three years ago, see. And I know one thing, that no matter how much you got of this... What would it profit a man if he gained the whole world, and then lose his soul? So, I seen that cursed thing. And the last few days, ministers, and people calling of different family disasters and things.

**10** A lady called me the other night. She said, "I won't tell you my name. My husband is one of the well-known healing evangelists on the field." And said, "I've caught him right in the act of living in adultery with an eighteen-year-old girl, and he confessed to me that he'd been doing it for two years." Said, "What shall I do, Brother Branham?" I said, "Lady, I don't know." I said, "I pray for my brother---his soul." And such as that.

**11** We've tried to shun it. And He miraculously met me, and helped me until about the last couple meetings. In my last meeting in California alone, and the last two meetings, I went $15,000 in debt. They said, "You have to beg. You have to tell the people. They want to be begged." I said, "That's not my promise to God. Some man said, "I'll underwrite it." I said, "That isn't my promise to God." So, to keep my promise, as I would to my fellowman, I did to God. I didn't want to tell my wife and boy on the road home (come from California), that I'd stop in the evangelistic services. I said, "I will go back, rest up a few days, and see what the Lord Jesus says; and if nothing else, I'll come down and help Brother Neville pastor the Tabernacle." I said, "I'll do something, preach the Gospel and go to work like I used to do---patrolling on the lines in the Public Service Company---or something; and preach on, let him have Sunday morning or Sunday night, and I will take the other service; and him have Wednesday, and I'll have Tuesday, or something like that." I said, "We will go right ahead with the services." And I said, "I'll get me a job and go to work."

**12** I did. I got me a job with Brother Wood, back there, moving houses and things. I just went to work; got me a job. It hurt my wife and Billy. They said... Billy said, "Dad, I'm sure you're doing wrong." I said, "No, I'm doing right. I keep my promise," see. I told him, I said, "My promise... No matter what it is, if a man is not as good as his word, I don't want ... you can't trust him, because he is not no good, see. And so, that's one thing a person must always be, that's honest. Tell things so that you can go back and tell it a million times, and it'll be the same thing, you see. Just be honest. No matter if it's bad, or whether it's good, be honest. And if it's against you, say it anyhow; or keep still, don't say it at all, see."

**13** So then, I feel that way: that God will bless an honest heart. And knowing the position that I stand in to defeat sickness and stuff for people, in prayer to the Lord Jesus according to His divine Word and His calling, then I must be honest in heart to do that, because the devil knows whether you are or not. He won't pay no attention. I don't care how loud you holler, or how much you make up, he won't pay no attention to you. That's right. But God will, if you're honest.

**14** So, I said, "I'll tell them when I get to Arizona," (after I left California). I didn't have the nerve. So after... I said, "I will in New Mexico," and on and on, till I told them coming right down here in Indiana. Well, they understood it pretty well. Billy didn't get it too well. He said, "Daddy, I think you're making a mistake." But I went home tired, weary, upset, crying, went to bed that night; and after the wife got to sleep, I went in the room, and knelt down and said, "Dear Jesus, I don't know what I'm going to do. Here I am right back where I started from again. I guess I made a failure." About two hours from then, He appeared to me. And He showed me a vision of such a panoramic view of people, I never seen. I was talking to my wife in the vision.

**15** Now, you people that know me, know I'm not a fanatic. I don't say these things unless they're the truth. That's right. And I seen it, and I seen Brother Arganbright standing there, and I went up to him, he said, "Brother Billy," he said, "we've given out all the prayer cards, and everything's ready now for the meeting. We've got a way to take you in and out." I said, "Thank you, Brother Arganbright." I walked over to see more brethren. And there was another brother preaching. And I said, "Who's he?" They said, "They put him up." I said, "Who is they?" And they just turned around and walked away. And the man made ... dismissed the audience and let them all go. And I said, "Oh, he shouldn't do that, because there's no altar call." "Oh," he said... Another fellow spoke up and said, "We done took up the offering." I said, "When is the offering more important than souls before Christ?" See?

**16** And at that, the Angel of The Lord taken me out then, and He taken me to a real bright stream of water. It was the most beautiful blue water; and great fish were swimming around in it. He said, "I will make you a fisher." And He said, "Now, cast your lure into the water; and when you do, pull it slow the first time; the next time, just give it a little jerk, not too hard; and the next time, set your hook for the catch." And I started to throw my line in the water. I pulled, and everybody began rejoicing and saying, "That's wonderful! That's wonderful." I got all excited, and jerked it hard on the next one, and I pulled the fish and all out of the water. And what it was, it was a little bitty fish, and it was just about the size of the lure. And I got my line all tangled up. And I was straightening out my line, and the man which was talking behind me, walked around in front of me, dressed in Palestinian clothes and a turban on his head. He had a white robe. He said, "Brother Branham, that's it."

**17** I said, "I know I didn't do right." I said, "I jerked it when I oughtn't to." He said, "Don't get your line tangled up in these kind of times." And I said, "Well, I'm running it straight as I can. I'll be very careful." He said, "Now, the first time I spoke with you, you put your hands on the people and told them what was wrong with them. And the second pull, why, when you did, you would know the secrets of their hearts. And I made you a seer before the people. But you was always trying to explain it. You oughtn't to have done that." He said, "You made a public showing out of it." I said, "I'm very sorry."

**18** And then He taken me from there, and I seen a great huge tent. I never seen such a tent! It was packed and lined everywhere with people. And I walked out to the... It looked like I was standing above the people, looking down where I just made an altar call; and hundreds and hundreds of people were weeping and rejoicing after they had accepted the Lord Jesus as their Saviour. And I looked, and then I heard a man get up and say, "Call the prayer line." And people began to line up over on this side---to the left from where I was looking down towards the platform---and they lined all the way up and down the street for a prayer line. I noticed to my left, which would've been to my right if I was on the platform, a little wooden building. And I seen that light (that they have the picture of, you know, that's always in the meeting). I seen that light leave me, and go to that building, and go in that building; and a voice said to me, "I'll meet you in there; that'll be the third pull." I said, "Why?" He said, "Well, it won't be a public show like the other." And I came to. And now, at the beginning of this new year ... back to my tabernacle where I started from, see; back to the beginning, where I started. I am very grateful to God for these things.

**19** And many of you know that just before leaving on the other crusade, about eight or ten years... I think around ten years since ... well, nine years it has been, these things were told exactly how the auditorium services ... (you remember) exactly how that Brother Lawson would live exactly three years, and then be taken away; that Brother Ward would build a tabernacle down in this direction here, and all just exactly. You know it, you old-timers. It happened just that way, and so will this! For it's "thus saith the Lord!" And you'll know. And now is, I believe, at the brink of the greatest meetings that's ever ... I've ever held for the Lord Jesus, is laying right in the future, before me now.

**20** So, you know, I feel very happy this morning to come before you, and this is the first time the message has ever been given out: is right here through this microphone to the Tabernacle people. And now it will be in the papers, the religious papers, like Voice Of Healing, Herald Of His Coming, and all of that, in a few days. It's already typed, and ready to go. Pray for me, and some glorious day when it's all over, we'll meet around His throne, and what a time we will have. And remember, it's not just me out there in the service---I have such a little part to do with it---it's you back here also, see. And I just believe the little old Tabernacle is going to spread out, and it's just going to be marvelous what the Lord will do. Bless the Lord!

**21** Now, straight to the Word. Before, let's just give a little word of thanks to the Lord Jesus. Our heavenly Father, we're just so grateful today for the ... for You who down here in this modern age---in the age of automobiles, airplanes, jets, rockets, and all kinds of science: telephone, television, and a modern atomic weapons, and so forth ---You are still the supreme, almighty, omnipotent, omniscient God that created the heavens and earth and spattered out the sky. God, we can't explain it. We can't explain it. Neither can we explain why the sky doesn't have an end; how the world can revolve around and so perfect till twenty years before, they can tell when the eclipse of the sun is coming---because Your machinery works exact. We can't produce a piece of machinery to be that exact. Oh, but great Jehovah, who holds this earth here in space, is perfect. And we love You, and all Your doings are just and right. And we submit ourselves to Thee this morning, at the beginning of this new year, and ask that You fill us all with the Holy Spirit, Lord, and draw us close to Thee; and may Thy everlasting arms be around us and hold us, Lord, for the days are shaking and dark, but the Morning Star is leading the way. We shall follow, Lord. Where He leads me, I will follow. If it be some through the waters, some through the flood, some through deep trials, but all through the blood.

**22** Oh God, lead us by Thy everlasting hand until the victory's finally won, and Jesus returns to the earth. Sin, sickness, and sorrow will be ended, and we'll live this glorious Millennium with Thee. We're longing for that great day. Come, Lord Jesus, to Thy Word today. Get into it. Circumcise the lips that speak, and the hearts that hear. And may the seed fall into the hearts where the Holy Spirit will sow it, and bring forth a hundredfold. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen.

**23** Now, God bless you, and help you, as we settle down now for the teaching of the Word. I'll try not to keep you too long, if I possibly can, on a Sunday school lesson; because we have healing services to pray for the sick, immediately after this. How our Lord Jesus has been so graciously to us. Just talking with Brother Neville... I forgot, Brother Cox I believe was with us when we went to pray for a little mother up here at Charlestown one time: dying in the bed, last hopes, cancer eat her up. And God marvelously and miraculously healed that little woman. And her brother is a minister, little Junior Cash; and he's out preaching the Gospel today and praying for the sick also. Just had a great revival up at Henryville, and Brother Neville was just telling me about how little Brother Junior was getting along. So glad for that.

**24** See, cast your bread upon the water. It'll return to you someday. Sow the right seed, you'll reap the right crop. If you sow the wrong seed, you'll reap the wrong things. You can't go east and west at the same time. You're either going one way or the other. You're either pointed towards God this morning, with all you've got looking to Him, or you're pointed the other way. You think sometime you're going right, when you're going wrong; but you can't go to the right and to the left at the same time. You'll come out if you're headed left; you're going left and you'll come out left. If you're headed right, you'll come out right. You can't keep from coming right. It may seem like you're going wrong, but you're going right. Follow the Compass, and the Compass is the Holy Spirit. The magnetic pole of the north holds that compass exactly north. Isn't it wonderful that the electronics of the air...

**25** I was standing near the North Pole, here a few years ago, and here see those northern lights sweeping; and the yellow and green flashes in a dark midnight would make it as light as it is in this room, to walk by. And I thought, way down yonder in Central America, anywhere, that compass will point right straight to that magnetic pole. It'll guide you north every time. And how glorious that is that we've got a magnetic system in glory; and every man that has been made a compass to guide through this life, will point towards Jesus Christ, just as certain as we're sitting in the church today.

**26** In His marvelous Word now: the 19th chapter ... or, I beg your pardon, it's the 10th chapter of Hebrews, and the 19th verse. I want you to listen close as we read.Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, [How wonderful] . By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, through his flesh;And having an high priest over the house of God;Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our conscience sprinkled from ... evil ... and our bodies washed with pure water.

```
Hebrews 10:19 Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,

Hebrews 10:20 By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;

Hebrews 10:21 And having an high priest over the house of God;

Hebrews 10:22 Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.

```
**27** May the Lord Jesus just grant this answering to the Word. Do you like the Word? Faith cometh by hearing, hearing the Word of God. Now, just for the teaching service now, for perhaps the next thirty to forty minutes... Let's go right straight into the Word. Now, our faith cannot rest upon nothing. A Christian has to have his faith ... has to have a solid resting place. You know that, and the only resting place that a Christian---a true born-again Christian---can rest his faith (or hers) is upon the unmovable Word of God. It isn't built upon the shifting sands of men's theology and doctrines, and upon some church affiliation. But a true believer, his faith rests solidly, unshifting as he approaches the Word of God.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**28** I was saying somewhere, maybe here, a few nights ago, I wanted to preach so bad, I preached to my wife in bed till twelve o'clock---just telling her of how glorious Jesus was. A text come in my heart. It kept burning me so great 'till I just couldn't rest with it. And I just said, "Honey, I want to preach to you a little while." And she roused up; by grace she listened. I said, "The Christian faith is based solidly upon rest. That's right. A Christian is not tossed about. A Christian doesn't run from place to place. A Christian doesn't fuss, and fume, and worry about things. A Christian rests. It's all over. It was all finished for the believer at Calvary. That's right. Oh, sickness may come, and disappointments; but the Christian's at rest knowing this: that God's able to keep that which He has performed. Knowing that no matter what the thing is, and how it looks, there's neither sickness, sorrow, death; there's neither starvation, or anything, that can separate us from the love of God that's in Jesus Christ. We're at rest. Just let the old ship toss anyway she wants to; the anchor holds.

```
Romans 8:38 For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,

Romans 8:39 Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.

```
**29** I come by a harbor one time and seen that. We were flying in a plane, coming down low. There was a big old ship there. The sails had been let down, you know. And, oh, what a storm on the sea. My, she was tossing! And I seen that old ship sitting there rocking back and forth, and some waves it would go in, and some waves it would go under, and everything. And I said, "Wonder why that is?" And a fellow sitting said, "It's got a sea anchor on it. Therefore," he said, "the ship can't sink." He said, "It can go through the waves, but it can't sink, because it's anchored." I said, "Oh, praise be to God, we got an anchor." Some waves we can go over, some we can go under; but regardless if the anchor holds... It isn't the ship doing the holding, it's the anchor doing the holding. It isn't what I am, or what I will be, or what I was; it's what He is now, and what He did for me and you. It ain't what I can do, it's what He has done. My faith doesn't anchor in what the coming meetings will be. My faith doesn't rest in any ability that I would have, or upon what church I should join, or what people I should associate with.

**30** My faith anchors and rests entirely upon the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ---already been received. God justified Him by raising Him from the dead. "This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased," and God raised Him up from the dead, for our justification. No wonder the poet said:Living He loved me; dying, He saved me;Buried, He carried my sins far away;Rising, He justified, freely forever:Someday He's coming---oh, glorious day! The Christian rests in that hope upon the stormy seas. There'll, sure, storms rise, all kinds of troubles, but we're anchored. That's all. It'll never sink. It can't sink.

```
Matthew 17:5 While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.

Mark 9:7 And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

Luke 9:35 And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.

```
**31** Now, I've noticed many Christians in my life to be up and down. I've wondered about that. And without preaching such a text as this out in the other churches to where I go, I thought best to deliver it to my people here at the Tabernacle upon: Why Are People So Tossed About? You find them, people who seem to be very religious, seems to have such a deep desire, and daily they search, and hunt, and seek for God, and never come to any settlement of any kind, to where they could ever be settled or anchored in Christ. And this I have learned to be, in experience, that it is people of intellectuals.

**32** Now, speaking this, there are two different types of Christianity. Seems strange, but I would not say two different types; I say two different phases would be a better word to use---not two types---two phases; the same Christianity, but two phases of it. And one of them is an intellectual, or a mental conception of what God has said in His Word, and of Jesus Christ, by the way of knowledge. And the other is an experimental experience that God has given the man in his heart. The one, intellectually is hungering. He's feasting on God, but his feast doesn't hold out. The other one seems to have victory all the time. There's nothing bothers them. They're just as solid and anchored as they can be. No trials, no storms bothers them at all. But they seem to have something about them that people who are Christians and trying to live for God, admire that type of Christian. And I've often wondered, "Lord, what is it that these people have that others crave so much for, and yet seem to fail to get it?"

**33** And I know that's a great question in all of our hearts who have served Christ. And I have never seen a person yet, that ever once came to Him except: afterwards, life never seemed right to them anymore, if they ever left Christ.

**34** I was speaking yesterday to a little colored man who told me of a minister walking back, and tearing up his preaching papers, and threw them into the trash box, and said, "I'm through with it." And the following Sunday, he got a case of beer, and sat in the place and drank it. A couple weeks after that, he laid dying on the bed. If I had time I would explain that, how that works in the Bible, but that would be off the text. But that's another subject: how that Satan came in and took the person, God had to take His child home. That's all could happen.

**35** But, now, to see this hungering for people, and yet, not able to reach it. And many of our teachers and schools have brought in much theology of telling the people, "Well, it's because you didn't shout, because you didn't speak with tongues, or because you didn't have these kind of gifts"---which I have nothing in part ... or, to say against such things but, altogether, you find these people, when they do shout or speak with tongues, or some other emotion, they still don't seem to be the person that they should be. Now, we know that to be true. And I've often wondered, myself, just what could be done in that kind of a state of mind for the person. So, finding it so simple in the Word of God, we try to explain it. And in order now, to do this, after seeing the intellectual part of the mind and the soul, which is in the heart.

**36** Now, you truly have two different mental faculties. You have one of them that's in your head by your brain, and the other one is operated in your heart, which is called your soul---your spirit and your soul. Now, they are very much in disagreement many times. When the head seems to say something, the soul wonders at it if it's not right. But when it comes into the soul, the head seems to step back. There's been things that's happened to you that you knew was going to be; yet, you could not explain why. And there's no reason, you couldn't explain it out; but yet, you just accepted it, and it happened just that way. That's when something happens down here.

**37** In the great meetings of the vast fields of the campaigns, I noticed many people coming to me and saying, "Oh, I have all faith, Brother Branham." And intellectually, they are right, here; but in their heart, it isn't there. If it was, they wouldn't be on the platform to be prayed for help of faith if they had faith. Now, we'll have to go back and get a type to bring this picture out to you this morning (as children), and I want you to notice closely. I believe in typing, especially to people; it's easier for them to understand---to illustrate. It's good to teach children and we're all children. We're just adolescents in God. Who here would like to say, "I'm an adult, growed up in God"? We are not, we're just little babies in God. That's right.

**38** Now, we want to try to get this to a place where we can see exactly what God is doing. So, let's go back now to the Old Testament to get a view of this, and we'll take it by the children of Israel. When they were crossing the Red Sea, and come over into the Promised Land, God, by sovereign grace, each night, rained down manna out of heaven. And the people would go and take this manna and make it into bread, or cakes, or something, and would eat this bread which sustained their life in the journey. And we find out that many times, if they let the manna lay just a little too long on the ground, it would melt---run away. Just like frost or something on the ground, it didn't hold.

```
Exodus 16:15 And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is manna: for they wist not what it was. And Moses said unto them, This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat.

Exodus 16:16 This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, Gather of it every man according to his eating, an omer for every man, according to the number of your persons; take ye every man for them which are in his tents.

Exodus 16:17 And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.

Exodus 16:18 And when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating.

Exodus 16:19 And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.

Exodus 16:20 Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them.

Exodus 16:21 And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted.

```
**39** Now, we see that that same thing is happening in Christianity. Many people, before nine o'clock, get hungry. You have a lot of campground---what would I say---campground stars? Many people go to the service and rejoice, and shout, and praise the Lord while the Spirit of God is falling; all condemnation left their hearts. And as soon as a day or two after the revival, they find themselves back in that old grind again. Yet, they were eating manna. Many people come to Christ ... which has never been able in the Pentecostal world to make the Pentecostal people see this fundamental truth. It's so hard, because each church has its doctrine, and they hear their pastor daily, and the evangelist speaks something. They say, "Oh, well, I got it, what difference does it make?" But they fail to get this truth.

**40** Now, I've often spoke, and do yet, and believe this great faith ... or, fundamental truth that Jesus Christ said, "He that heareth my Word, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but has passed from death unto life." You see it? "He that heareth my Word." Oh, I wish I could sink it into every heart! St. John 5:24: "He that heareth my Word, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath eternal, everlasting life, and shall never come into judgment; but has already passed from death unto life." That's His Word.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**41** What do you have to do? Believe, hear. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the Word; and believing, and applying, and resting. You see it? The Word says so; hear it. Your heart says so; believe it. And your whole being rests in it. It's finished. Faith cometh by hearing. Jesus said the word, "He that heareth My Word, believeth on Him that sent me, hath eternal (never-ending, always-existing) life." Isn't it marvelous? "Ever-existing life, and shall never perish; but hath already passed from death unto life: has passed from separation on to everlasting presence." Amen!

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**42** Already... When you was an alien from God, you ceased from being an alien; now, you are a child. From death unto life; from darkness unto day; from mortal to immortal; from corruption to incorruption; from worry unto joy; from death unto life; and resting fully upon "Thus saith the Lord." Not upon feeling, mental emotions, theory; upon some unknown something that somebody has said to you that has no basis, upon someone say, "Well, you come join our church, and it'll be finished;" but upon the Word of God the human soul rests solid. God said so. That settles it; makes it real.

**43** Now, let's go quickly to the second step. What makes these people go out on the ground and eat the manna, and then before night comes, many of them got hungry? And people go to the meetings; there is just many people who goes and turns their radio on, and hears a good sermon and rejoices; many of them goes to church, and they hear a good sermon, and they go home and rejoice. But what is that thing then, that comes in and takes it all away from you the first little difficulty that rises? Truly, if you're hearing the Word, and your soul is rejoicing in the Word, it's the Holy Spirit that you're eating.

**44** See, I believe that you believe unto everlasting life. I believe that your acceptance of the Lord Jesus gives you everlasting eternal life when you believe it. Then I believe, by one Spirit then you're baptized into the body of believers. (We're going to get to it in a few minutes, if God willing.) You believe unto life. Paul said, passing through the upper coast of Ephesus, finding certain disciples, he said, "Have you received the Holy Spirit since you have believed?"

```
Acts 19:2 He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.

```
**45** See, your faith anchors you in Christ. That's intellectual. You believe it. You accept it. You say, "That's right." You recognize it to be the truth, and you're a Christian, and you've got everlasting life by believing it. You've entered to God. You're on the campgrounds. Manna is falling, and you're eating it. And did you notice: the strange thing, there was a mixed multitude eating the same manna? People who are sinners---who does not accept the Lord Jesus---can still enjoy seeing the moving of the miracle of God, healing the sick; can rejoice in people doing right; can open their hearts and rejoice in a sermon that's preached under the anointing. And that's the same type of manna that the Christian is eating. Do you see it?

**46** Then, you always remember my doctrine here at the Tabernacle: You have to follow God in threes, because He is perfected in it. Now, we wonder why. Then we find out that this manna would vanish. It would come on the ground, then vanish, then come again, and then vanish, every day. Some of it... Nine o'clock, they were gone. I've met people who would stand in the church and just rejoice; and see them go outside the church and maybe Monday or Tuesday, one, just living unbehaving ... unbecoming to a Christian. And the man or woman, whoever it may be, will turn again, and shake your hand, and say, "I don't want to do those things." You feel sorry for them.

**47** You've seen people accept divine healing and say, "Oh yes, I see it. It's in the Word. Oh, thank You, Lord; I believe it." And they'll go all right for a few days; and the first little storm that strikes, back they go again. You've noticed it, and it's true; and the people can't help it. So, what's it all about? What causes these things to happen?

**48** Now, let's notice. Now, we notice that this manna, when it fell---God sending it down to provide life for the children of Israel in their journey. Then God told Moses and Aaron to go make a great golden pot, and to fill it full of manna, and to put it in the holy place ... or, the holiest of holy places by the ark. This manna was to be set by the ark; and there, it never failed. It never got old. It never lost its sweetness. It was always good inside there.

```
Exodus 16:33 And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.

```
**49** Did you ever meet a person that's been in there, and has tasted, and living on this manna? You can meet him on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday; cloudy day, bright day, gloomy day, things going right or wrong; he's always sweet always full of love never to talk or do anything wrong. He's living under the glory of God. He never gets hungry. He never has to go to church to get built up. He's just always full of God.

**50** People go to church, and they'll shake your hand in church, and laugh, and call you a brother. Outside of the church, they'd pull a little business deal that wouldn't be just exactly straight, for personal gain. I won't say those people are here in the Tabernacle, but I say there is. There are things that people would do, and they get different. The least little thing will bring that old temper back again; that selfishness; open up an ear to hear gossip, or do something of that type. That person has never entered into this pot in here. They're outside. They're truly eating the same kind of manna. They've been brought into the camp, and there's where, in the camp in the field, is where the people got the manna. And they're in there, and that manna that they eat is the same manna this man eats here. They both have the same pastor. They both read the same Bible. But one constantly stays true and humble, and the other one's got his ups and downs; going like this, in and out. Both of them eating the same manna, but one has entered in, and the other one is still out. Both of them are believers unto eternal life, but one is baptized with the Holy Spirit, in the kingdom of God; and the other one is outside, eating the same manna.

**51** And the people has been telling us that "You have to shout to get in here. You have to speak with tongues to get in here. You have to do all these things." But we find out that those things don't work. I see people shout that wasn't ... I don't hardly think ... I have no way of judging, or shouldn't... I've seen people that shouted that lived any kind of a life. I've seen people dance in the Spirit, up and down the halls, and come back out and living horrible. I've seen both men and women do that. I've seen men and women dance in the Spirit, and speak with tongues, and shout, that had a temper like I don't know what. There's something wrong. And yet, they enjoy the blessings of God. They believe in it. They have faith in it. But it's only in this outer court. It never has come to the inner court. They've never got from here, down here.

**52** That's what's the matter with the churches today. I hope you see it. Oh, my, when I can see a preview of it, it makes me rejoice---seeing that our anchor holds within the veil. The Bible said, "He that overcometh will I give a white stone and a new name that no one knows but he, himself." Don't make any difference what people say. You know yourself when you've been brought into the inner veil. No one could tell you any different. Not because you joined church, or because you did this or that, but something just tells you that you've got a stone that's in the heart---not a hard stone; a soft one. This stone makes your heart soft instead of hard.

```
Revelation 2:17 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.

```
**53** In Ezekiel, in the old times, when the laws were put into the Tabernacle in the ark---the laws of God---Ezekiel spoke of another time. Now, the people... There's two classes of people today: them same classes that's trying to do something to save themselves. Each one says, "I'll go to church every Sunday." That's very good. "I want to be religious." That's very good. That's still under the law. But when the other, by going to church and being good is not something that you do yourself, it's something in you doing it for you---the Holy Spirit in your heart.

**54** Now, notice in this inner court. These people that live inside here seem to have ... always fed up, always feeling good. Ezekiel said, "I will write my laws anew and put it in their heart." Where the law used to be on stones in the ark, and the ark represents the heart, then "I will put my new law in their hearts," in the ark. The heart is the abode of God. In the Old Testament God dwelt in His glory over the ark, and the heart is the ark. God dwells---not in the head---in the heart. God's not known by theology; God's not known by mental conception; God's known by an old-fashioned, sanctified, born-again experience that's in the human heart.

```
Jeremiah 31:33 But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.

```
**55** Yet men and women live a good life, and love God by mental conception. But the real hiding place is in the heart---hid with Christ. And when Christ, the Holy Spirit, comes into your heart, He is in you with your temperament, and He's living His own life to His own will through you. Hallelujah! I know it sounds awful, but it's right! Christ... So yielded you are that Christ speaks the kind of words He'd speak. He thinks the kind of thoughts He would think through you. He does the kind of works He would do through you. You are yielded, and resting.What a beautiful picture of a consecrated Christian: yielded. Christ working through.

**56** Paul said, "For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain." Not me that liveth anymore, but Christ that liveth in me! Christ living in the individual soul---surrendered. Christ speaks through the lips, and thinks through the mind, sees through the eye, acts through the temperament. Hallelujah! Then the things of the world has passed away. How can it be anything but sweet and pleasant all the time? Christ has got control! Amen. Do you see it? That's what it is, it's Christ in you. Christ in you.

```
Philippians 1:21 For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.

```
**57** You say, "Well, you see, I believe that to be the truth, Brother Branham." That's right, it's in here, but it hasn't come here. If it is, then your whole makeup is Christ. Your attitude, your desires, your appetite, your everything is Christ: yielded, resting, everything perfect! No matter how dull it looks, or how black it looks, still it's the same. Christ is in you.

**58** He speaks to the sinner in the voice that He would speak to him in. He speaks to the prostitute in the voice that He would speak to them in. He thinks through your mind the very thoughts that He speaks to your heart---the very way that He would if He was here on earth. And you are no more your own, but you're surrendered.

**59** Into this holy place, Aaron went once a year. The congregation watched him. He was dressed right. He had to be anointed right. He had to walk right. Blessed be the Lord! Dressed right; walk right; anointed right. He had a bell and a pomegranate on his garment. And as he walked, they played, "Holy, holy, holy, unto the Lord." He taken before him a charger of blood---the blood of the lamb, the blood of the atonement; and he was anointed with the rose of Sharon, and the anointing rolled off his beard plumb to the hems of his skirt, and he was walking into the inner court in the presence of God. And when he went behind there, the veil fell behind him, and he was shut out! He was hid from the outer world. Praise be to God! There is a hiding place---abiding place!

```
Exodus 28:34 A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about.

Exodus 28:36 And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.

Exodus 39:26 A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses.

Exodus 39:30 And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.

```
**60** We can walk in the presence of God, and be hid from the things of this world. You don't hear them no more. It's sound proof. Hallelujah! Sound proof! The world is on the outside, gasping and looking; but you're on the inside, in the presence of the eternal everlasting God, eating from this manna that will last for spans of years, hundreds of years. It never contaminated; neither did it give out. And a man that once walked into God, and the veil drops behind him---shutting off the things of the world---he's in the presence of God, eating the manna. No wonder: twelve o'clock, nine o'clock, or anything, he's living in the presence of the King! Amen! No wonder every day is fine for him! Look where he's at. He's found the secret place. He's went behind the veil. The doors are closed behind him. He don't see nothing of the world. Them doors were made sound proof by sheep skins, and goat skins; and this is made sound proof by the baptism of the Holy Spirit that hides a man in Christ, and there he becomes a new creature. He walks daily before Him in this manner.

**61** What a beautiful picture of the believer in the presence of God. All things are His then. All things was given to Christ. All that God was, He poured into Christ. All Christ was, He poured into the church. "That day you'll know that I am in the Father, and the Father in Me, and I in you." Oh, the privilege that the believer has, if they only could accept it. You say, "Brother Branham, you've got a picture here under consideration, but how do you get to it." That's the next thing. "How do we get into there, Brother Branham?" Here's the way they come in the pattern. "Oh, I'm a Christian, Brother Branham. I've been saved. I've been baptized. I enjoy the blessings of God." You're in the outer court. But said, "Days I have my ups and downs, my worries, my toss, my troubles. I wish I could live a victorious life." Well, you've got to get out of the court. You've got to come in.

```
John 14:20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.

```
**62** Now, what was the first thing? The courts represented justification. Outside there was where the people come in---all Israel. No other but a circumcised Israelite could come into those courts. They'd defile it. Do you remember when Paul brought Timothy to the temple and said, "They polluted this holy place by bringing the Gentile in?" In the courts they must be absolutely justified people; regenerated men and women who have accepted God, and have eternal life dwelling in them. They must do that to be in the courts. Then they come to the first altar, and the first altar is where they burnt the sacrifice, and where the Lord met them there in forgiveness of sins, and cleansed them from all their unrighteousness. And the burning altar, the brazen altar, burnt the beast, and the blood from the beast. That was the second court.

**63** And now after they left that second court---sanctification---they entered into this consecrated life, entered into the presence of God. And while they were in there, there is where they had all these glorious things. Here is a very beautiful type that in there: if anything dead come in, lived again. Did you ever think of that? They took Aaron's rod, and laid Aaron's rod in the presence of this holy place; and when they did, in one night's time it budded, blossomed, and yielded almonds---in one nights time. Think of it! In the presence of God! This old dead rod, laying there in the presence of God, budded, blossomed, and yielded almonds in one night. What was it then? What kind of a rod was it? It was an almond tree rod. That's where he'd taken it from; the stick was off of an almond tree. And you are a stick of some kind and you was taken off the branch of humanity, which was God's creative Son in the beginning. You may be fallen, dead, alienated from God; but by that in creation, you were created to be a son of God. You may bounce around, and be respected and honored out here in the courts, but if you ever get into that glorious place and hid away with God, you will yield what you're supposed to do.

```
Numbers 17:7 And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of witness.

Numbers 17:8 And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.

```
**64** Take a dead sinner, alienated from God, without hope, without Christ, and put him in the presence of God, in this great glorious tabernacle in there, he will yield forth fruit of the Holy Spirit: love, joy, peace, long-suffering. The dead rod budded. Where it budded, it had to have refreshment. It had to be refreshed. Then after it was refreshed, it had to have ... it brought forth an odor---a perfume---the blossom. Then the next thing it brought forth was fruit. And every Christian comes the same way when he comes into the presence of God. First, he has to be refreshed. The Holy Spirit has to take a hold of a man and renew him, and make him another person. The Holy Ghost comes in, just a refreshment.

```
Galatians 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

```
**65** The Holy Ghost comes in the quiet of the hour. You know you go out of a morning real early when the dew is on the ground. The dew falls just before daylight, usually---sometime in the night; after the hustle and bustle of the world is gone to bed; after everything is asleep. Did you ever go out early of a morning? And you go out early, and see how everything is so fresh---just real fresh, early of a morning. Why? The old earth has been hid away for awhile, and it's refreshed. And did you ever come in the presence of a man or woman, who had hid themselves away from the world. It's refreshing to talk to them. They refresh theirselves. They begin to come to life.

**66** Did you ever go into the rose garden early of a morning, or up and down the highways here real early, when the dew is on the ground, and, oh, that odor of the honeysuckles and so forth---the locust blossoms? Did you ever... It's just like a Christian who's hid himself away with God in the stillness of the night, or somewhere, and come forth the next day with a freshness, an odorous life, a pleasant place to be; somebody you like to talk to, somebody that can encourage you, somebody that you've got confidence in. Your neighbor over there; how you love to talk with her. See, that's the freshness, the odor. And the next thing, it yields fruit. And everywhere the Holy Spirit comes, it always plants the seed of God and yields fruit.

**67** Another great thing of entering into this place, is a place where you can have confidence. You can believe. Here's a woman laying here, stretched on a stretcher this morning in a serious condition. Well, if God doesn't touch her, she'll die. She's aged; she's an old mother, gray hair, wearing glasses---a very godly looking person [Gap in the audio.] ... of her hand and talked to her a few words a few moments ago when I come in. Now she's laying here. Perhaps her doctor's done all he knows how to do, but he can't do no more. And she has fallen; ankle and ribs and so forth, and complication of things she told me, which was wrong with her, and things that she didn't know also. But there she lays in that kind of a state. Well, being in that kind of a condition and tore up like that, now, what can we do for her? Is to bring her in the blessed presence of the all sufficient refreshing Holy Ghost that can take the staleness away from her. As the doctor, though good as he could be, trying to tell her that maybe "There's nothing more I can do," but we lift her into this place!

**68** Well, you're old and your days are about spent: that didn't mean one thing to Abraham when he come into the presence of God. At a hundred years old, he pleased God, and considered not his own body now dead, but he was in the presence of Jehovah who promised Him. Here's this old lady on the end of the seat, dying with a cancer ---sure to die; nothing else left but to die. And if we can only get her... Nobody led Aaron in. Aaron walked in because he was invited in, because it was told to him by Jehovah; he had the rights to go in. When Jesus died at Calvary, He ripped the veil from top to bottom to give not only high priests, but to everyone that comes approaching God has a right into the holiest of holies. She has a right! The lady here, dying, has a right!

**69** Here sits Mrs. Weaver, somewhere sitting over here. Dying with cancer a few years ago, eat up, little bitty arms. She had a right to the Tree of life. She had a right to come in behind the veil. And when I had to hold her from reeling from one side to the other, I baptized her in water right here. She lives today because she had a right! She accepted it, believed it. And I think somewhere in the building in the back, I seen Mr. Morgan (perhaps Mrs. Morgan sitting there), that sat right here on this seat holding her up---dying with cancer; no hopes for her. But faith cometh by hearing! Hearing by the Word! And we brought her out of that stale condition. Where her husband told me, who is sitting present now, that he'd played golf with the doctor; and he said the cancer wrapped around her intestines just like a tree roots. All hopes was gone. But the Holy Ghost brought her into the presence to the refreshing and brought her behind the veil dropped the curtain behind her. Don't care what the doctor says. No matter what anybody says. The veil dropped, and shut off every unbeliever. And she reached over in a golden pot of God and said, "By His stripes, I am healed," and she started eating it. The next morning, it was still there to eat. The next day it was still there to eat.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

1 Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

```
**70** That's it; not look around, wait till it falls again, or next revival; but it's everlasting, eternal, sitting there, waiting. And she's still eating from the same pot of manna. What was it? Getting her into the refreshing. Get the veil dropped around her so she won't listen to what the world says, but listen to what God says.

**71** Go in by the blood. Go in by the anointing. Anointed. Walk right, live right, hold your head right. Until you enter these courts... I don't say that any man does that or the other, or how you're baptized, or which way, or this way, or what church you belong to; God by sovereign grace gives the Holy Ghost to them that He desires to. That's why these people wait; they walked humbly before God. God by grace give them the Holy Spirit, and that's the reason they live where they live. They're consecrated. They love the Lord. They believe and they're living every way and every day in His presence. No matter what comes or goes. Whether the river rises, or whether the clouds are hanging low. No matter what it is, they're still living in the presence of the King. What is it?

**72** "Oh, you were not healed. That's just a make believe!" The veil has dropped; they don't even hear it. They are in there, they're coming to life. Amen. Yielding buds. Talk to them a little while and you'll see there's an odor of saint about them. Their conversation is seasoned with salt---not talking about their neighbor, or try to fuss about something that's been done this way or that way. But their conversation is of Christ and His glory. That's where they lay, yielding freshness. Yielding the odors of the new life---the blossom---and bringing forth fruit every day.

**73** Others saying, "You know she was healed; I know he was healed; then why can't I be healed?"Certainly you can, brother; the only thing is: get the anointing of the Holy Spirit."What is it, Brother Branham?" Take God at His Word, for by faith are you saved, and that's through grace, and not by works! No mental emotions, no stir-up, no speaking with tongues, no shouting, no nothing! By faith walk into the presence of God, and say, "Lord God, I come solely on the basis of Your Word, and I believe You."You say, "Brother Branham, don't you believe in shouting and speaking in tongues?" Yes sir! But you're putting the cart before the horse! Come to Christ first. Come to Christ first! Let the Holy Spirit just take you over. Start eating from the manna. That it's good today, it's good tomorrow, it's good all the time, every day.

```
Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

```
**74** I want you to notice another thing about this. The peculiar of the light the believer walks in when he's in Christ---the peculiarity of it. Now the three courts. The justified man out here, he walked by daylight. Some day he had gloomy days. Do you get it? Oh, I hope you see this. God bless you. Some days are gloomy, some days wonder whether it's really worth while to serve God or not. You're walking in the outer courts. Sure, you're eating manna; sure, you are a believer; sure, you have eternal life; sure, if you die you go to heaven. Truly. But what kind of life are you living? Every day, oh, get out here, "Ooh, I got my dander up today! I told them about it! I cussed them out! I couldn't help it! God forgive me." Sure, He will. Certainly He will. You're His child. But what kind of a life are you living? My, don't you hate to live that kind of life? The up and down, and this trouble and it; pull day and night. Backslidden, back to church; backslidden, back to church; this, that; apologize for this over here. This other fellow is just moving right along, not a thing.

**75** See what kind of a life are you walking in? According to the weather. It gives the light outside---the gloomy, the foggy, the halfway; then a bright day, then a gloomy, and a foggy, and a cloud over the sun. That's the way a regenerated, justified man lives. That's right. That's all the light he has to walk in when he's just walking by that.He said, "I come to Christ, Brother Branham. I joined the church, I put my name on the book. I'm trying to live the best I can." Well, bless your heart, brother. I appreciate that. God appreciates that. If you believe. "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me has everlasting life." I hear, my brother, I love you. "Oh, Brother Branham, my ups and my downs... Oh, I'm the most miserable person. I have to fight everyday." Oh, yes, brother, it's where you're walking. That's all right. Then you say, "I want to go a little deeper."

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**76** Well, he comes into the court. Now, what's in there? There's seven golden candlesticks by the holy place, and it's giving light. The candlesticks are giving light. That's to the man who quits his drinking, quits his smoking, quits lying, quits stealing, treats his neighbor right, good to his wife (or her, good to her husband) the same way, man or woman; the believer. He's come into a place where he's quit all of his meanness, which is through the blood with sanctification. He's called to a new life, and he walks in there. He don't have to walk by that light out there; he's got a better light. He's walking by the light of seven golden candlesticks which is burning olive oil; and the olive oil was representing the Holy Spirit. The fire was the baptism, which baptizing, or even baptized out in there with the Holy Spirit. But you're not hid away yet. You're not behind the veil.

**77** Here he is. He's walking in these seven golden candlesticks. There's many light ... much light in there. There's days when those lights get dull. There's days when them lamps smoke, and the light's not so good. There's times when them lights have to be relit again, and you have to borrow a little from the neighbor to light one candle to the other one. It's still not a good light. We're thankful for it, but it's still not the right light. Oh, brother! See it? It's still not the right light. You say, "Brother, I spoke in tongues; I've shouted." Good, wonderful. But let me tell you something different. All right, he's walking in this light. It's an artificial light. It's not the light of the sun, the light of the moon, the stars. The man in the justified courts, when night comes, he has a very dim light---just the stars, maybe a pale moon, a lot of flying clouds. He's in an awful fix.

**78** But the man up here at the altar who takes himself under consecration, and says, "Lord, I'm going to live right by You. I'm the deacon in the church, or something or another. I'm going to live good to my neighbor. I'm going to try my best to do better, Lord." Well, he's living in a better light. His lights seldom go out, but they do smoke up, and they have to light one from the other one.

**79** But, the man who walks beyond that, and goes in when the world is shut off, when the veil drops around him; down under the locking of the wings of the Cherubim---the great Shekinah glory under there. It never got dim. It never went out. And the man who lives in the presence of God under the veil lives in the Shekinah glory. I don't care if the storms are raging, or the clouds, or the moon don't shine, and the stars don't shine, whether the candlesticks goes out, that doesn't matter! He's living in the Shekinah glory of God under the power of the Holy Ghost.

**80** It didn't go out at night; it didn't go out... It's kind of a mystic light---kind of a soft glowing light. And the believer at rest walks around inside the veil. The Shekinah glory where the pot of manna was, where he eat daily, never give out. He eat from the manna. Oh, my, he had not a worry in the world. Everything was taken care of. God was over him, listening to him praising Him, answering his prayer. Not only that, but he's living right in the presence of the King: God, in the Shekinah glory. Every time anything would start up like that, it couldn't get to him. He wouldn't listen to it. He couldn't. The whines of the world were on the outside.

**81** If you ever come into Christ, my friend; ever into a place where the world is dead; whether your children are this, or whether your mother is this, whether your daddy said this, whether your pastor said that, whether the doctor said this or that---you don't even hear it. You live only in the Shekinah glory-walking and living in the presence of the King. Every day is sweet in your soul. My! All is well! All is well! There's nothing can harm you. Oh, what a place. Oh, I think of that little song, "I've crossed the riven veil, Hallelujah to His name; I'm living in the presence of the King." Living! "...crossed the riven veil where the glories never fail; I'm living in the presence of the King." I'm walking in the light, the beautiful light; Comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, the light of the world. "Let him hide himself; and let me lose myself and find it, Lord, in Thee. Let all self be crucified..." Let my neighbors gossip; let the this, that, or the other be gone. I go to church for one thing, that's to stay in Your presence. I am moved in there, Lord, I never desire to leave again. I'll trust Your Word, what You say. There's where I want to be. Drop the veils around me, Lord. If I can only see Jesus alone and live, and walk, and die in Him! There you are.

**82** On Mount Transfiguration, when Jesus stood transfigured before the apostles, when they looked up, they seen just Jesus alone. They said they seen Jesus only standing there. Oh, God, hide me in that place! Hide me over in that place! Where the veils will drop and I'll see nothing but Jesus, Himself. I don't want to hear the fantastics of the world. I don't care whether they got atomic bombs; whether they got a jet plane; whether the new Chevrolets look better than the Buicks; it doesn't matter! The thing of it is, I'm walking and living in Christ daily. He abides himself. And the veils are dropped around; and I am in He, and He in me.

**83** Let the storms rage, my anchor holds within the veil. Can't tell you why we have a lot of storms on the seas in this day, but I'm thankful for an anchor that holds steadfast within the veil. When she's rocking, and it looks like every move would send her to the bottom, yet my anchor is in the veil. I've anchored in the veil. I've anchored in Jesus, The storms of life I'll brave, I've anchored in Jesus, I fear no wind or wave, I've anchored in Jesus for He hath power to save, I've anchored in the Rock of Ages.

**84** God, help us this morning to enter in to that inner life. Quit staying out here where you're tossed about by every wind of doctrine, every little thing that comes along. Don't you know that the Bible says in the last days that how men will come and be like angels of light in the last days? How they would take revenge, and the devil's ministers are angels of light. Don't you realize that Eve was seeking new light when the devil talked to her and caused every graveyard to be out there, caused every insane institution, caused every penal farm, caused every death, every sorrow, every starving baby, every dying mother? She was searching for something new. She was looking for something that she could find new.

**85** Oh, God, take me back to the Shekinah glory; take me in the veil with You. I'm satisfied with Jesus. Lord, let me lose myself and find it in You. Get into the inner veil where all these howls of the world... The Bible said in the last days there'd come a famine upon the earth, not for bread and water alone, but for hearing the true Word of God. And people will go from east to west and everywhere trying to find it. That hour is here! That hour is here when men are putting themselves up like gods, and wanting to be glorified, when people say, "Oh, Doctor So-and-so and big So-and-so." Old Paul said, "I have one fear, that is, except you would try to worship me instead of the things I'm preaching. I never come to you with enchanting words of man's wisdom, but in the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ; that your hopes would be built on that, and that there."Today is a horrible day. The people are scattered abroad.

```
Amos 8:11 Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD:

Amos 8:12 And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it.

1 Corinthians 2:4 And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:

```
**86** I stood a few weeks ago where there was a big tent erected (not slamming, God forgive!), where a man said he could cast out evil spirits, which I have no doubt of that. But evil spirits are not cast out by cruel, indifferent living! The most powerful weapon there is in the world is love! I stood by a little lady the other night where her husband was fixing to leave her and marry another woman---a very fine known couple. I kind of looked at her. She said, "Oh, I'm going to leave, Brother Branham." I said, "Don't do it, Sister." She said, "Oh, my husband, his ministry will be ruined. What can I do? I'm going to New York, and I'm going to get me a job." I said, "Don't do it; don't do it, Sister." "What can I do, Brother Branham?" I said, "Go up to him." Said, "Well, I found the lady's picture, and I broke it up, and I done so-and-so." I stood there. "I see that." But I said, "Go to him, and put your arms around him, say, 'Sweetheart, no matter what you done, I still love you.' That'll do it." That's right.

**87** A young fellow come to me not long ago. He was a Pentecostal. He'd seen too many of these meetings. And he goes in his wife is a staunch Lutheran. She said, "Well, I guess you all went down and shouted last night." Said, "I guess you were all speaking in tongues and doing all of this last night." He got down on the floor and said, "God, cast out ... cast the devil out of her! I cast the devil out of her!" Almost a divorce case. A man, a fine man. He came to me, and he said, "Brother Branham, we're going to have a divorce, I guess." He said, "I just can't get that devil to move out of her." I said, "Brother, you are going at it the wrong way." I said, "When she starts like that, say 'All right dear, bless your heart, Honey.' And be real kind to her. Just see how much you can do for her." He said, "Brother Branham, well, how will I ever get the devil out of her." I said, "You do as I say, and just keep praying in your heart." See, I said, "God will take care of the rest of it." He called me up about two or three weeks later and said, "My home's revolutionized." He said, "My wife is a different person." I said, "Which is the most powerful? Screaming and kicking, and stomping; or putting your arms around her, in love?" God is love. God so loved the world... Ever since by faith I saw the stream Thy flowing wounds supply, Redeeming love has been my theme, And shall be till I die. That's right.

**88** A man calling. He said, "This woman has got three devils." He said, "One of them is named Jeff, and the other one's named Seth, and they didn't call the other anything." And intelligent people sitting there supporting that meeting, by the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds. He said, "One of them's green, the other one's blue, and the other one's pink." "Oh," I thought, "God! Oh God! It's so wrong! Don't let that happen, God! Those people that were struggling so hard to try to get to the kingdom of God, and they flock by the hundreds to listen to such tommyrot!" You know why? They've never been inside the veil. That's one sure thing. If they'd ever been in there, they'd know different from that. "My sheep know My voice. A stranger they will not follow." Yes, sir.

```
John 10:4 And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.

John 10:5 And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.

```
**89** You might go all kinds of emotions and carry on every way, and call in the name of religion. The heathens do the same thing. But give me a consecrated life that's dead and rose again in Christ Jesus, who lives in the Shekinah glory, with the love of God around them, that's the person I'll believe that's going to be there. Put me beneath the veil, under the blood of the Lord Jesus. Take all your gifts that you have in the Scripture. The devil can impersonate every one of them; but he can't impersonate love, because love in genuine. The devil can't love. That's one thing he can't do. And when you get to a place that you love one another, and all the world is dead... If you love God...

**90** I was talking to a woman the other day that was just bawling me out like everything. She was going to almost give me a whipping. I was sitting with another man. And she said, "You start across this place, and I'll call the sheriff!" I said, "Well, Sister dear, I was only..." I said, "We're Christians, we wouldn't do that." She said, "Christians: there is no such a thing." Real nasty. And she was bawling us out terribly. I said, "But, Lady, there is..." I said, "Don't you believe in Jesus Christ?" She said, "Oh, I believe in Him, but not in people." I said, "You can't believe in Him without believing His people. You can't do it." Oh, she was doing everything but giving me a cursing. I walked out to the car ... out of the car where... I said, "Sister, we only want to pass over a little place here." I said, "It will be all right." I said, "I wouldn't have done it for anything." I said, "I'm working here." And she said, "That's the way with you people. You think you can run over us old folks." I said, "No, no, no." I said, "That's all right. If you don't want us to do it. I don't know how we will ever get the car out of here. We come in. Your husband told us we could." "I don't care what he said. You're not doing it." I said, "Well, we've come in here." And I said... Said, "Go down through them yards there." I said, "Well, lady, do you see that mud? Why, you'd never get ten foot off of where we're at now, off that grass and rock there." She said, "That's up to you to see to it, but you cross here, and I'll call the sheriff." I said, "You have a perfect right, and I'm sorry that I didn't come and see you besides your husband." I said, "I'm sorry about it."

**91** And she... Oh, she was raging, and a puffing, and a blowing, and shaking her fist in my face, and everything. I sat there with an old ragged pair of overalls on. And I said, "Well, I'm very sorry that I disturbed you. I wouldn't have done it for nothing in the world, Sister." I said, "I'm ashamed of myself." I said, "Your husband said it was all right. And it's all right." And I said... She said, "You young people think you can run over us old folks." I said, "No doubt but's what that took place along the neighborhood here many times. But, Sister, we're Christians." I said, "I don't live here. I'm just working here to help some brother out." She said, "You're working here? What are you doing here?" I said, "I'm a minister, a reverend." She looked me up and down. She said, "A reverend?" I said, "Yes'm." She said, "What are you doing here?" I said, "Trying to do a good deed to help somebody out." "What's your name?" I said, "My name is Branham." She said, "Are you Brother Branham?" I said, "Yes." She said, "Forgive me." And her lips started quivering. She started crying. She said, "I'm a backslidden Methodist." She said, "I'm ashamed I acted the way I did." I said, "God bless you, Sister. Go back to church; won't you? Serve the Lord Jesus."

**92** See, if you jumped out there and started fussing at her, and telling her you did have a right and so forth, and you ... see what you would have done? Just a few words of love will go down to the heart. Brother, let's get people inside the veil. That's right. Do you want to know a little secret? That's how I conquer wild animals. That's how I conquer diseases: is by love. The love of God constrains us to do such a thing. Come in the veil. Won't you today, while we bow our heads for a moment of prayer? (If the sister will go to the piano.)

**93** Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee today for the love of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit. Seeing our time moving on now, will you let every person that's in the Divine Presence, now, Father, come into the veil. Here's young men and women, elderly men and women, young---just little children, and little adolescence. We pray, Father, that You'll take every one of them into the veil with Thee this morning and so hide them in Thee, in Christ, until they'll be new-born; the hope of glory, the hope of God, will be resting in them. And when the trials of the enemy comes up, it will be so far away outside the veil, they don't even hear it; they'll just only see Jesus, living in His Shekinah glory, living in His blessings where this halo of light that's now in the Tabernacle. Let it dwell in every heart, Father. May it come away from just an intellectual, or from looking at it on a picture, or even seeing it with the natural eye. May it come into their heart, Lord; and there may it abide, and they live in that presence of God which yields every day a fruitful and blessed life for the Lord Jesus. Won't You grant it, Father?

**94** While we have our heads bowed; our sister is chording this on the piano ... playing it, rather. There is a fountain filled with blood. (That's the way in. Come by the altar, the way into the Shekinah glory.) Drawn from Immanuel's veins; Sinners, plunged beneath that flood, Lose all their guilty stains; Would somebody in here, just now, that in your heart, you've made a decision this morning for Christ; you say, "God, I've made up my mind. I'm not going to live this here up-and-down life no more. I'm coming to You right now. And right upon the basis of the shed blood, upon Your Word, I'm coming right now, and I'm accepting it. I'll raise my hand to You, Lord God, that I'll do it from this day on." God bless you, Sister. That's good. God bless you. Bless you. God bless you, Brother. That's good. Now, God bless you, Brother, I see you over here. God bless you, Sister. Why, He sees you. God bless you, my Brother.

**95** "Today I'm coming. Lord, I'm tired of living by candle light. I'm tired of living by starlight and moonlight and sunlight. I want the Shekinah glory, Lord, that don't go down when the darkness comes (God bless you, Sister). From this day on (God bless you, little lady. God bless you, Sister. God bless you, Mother. God bless you little boy; that's good)--- from this day henceforth, Lord God, I'll do everything. I'm coming. You won't cast me out. You can't cast me out because You promised You wouldn't; I come now, and I accept it right now, and I'm going to believe it (God bless you, Sister), Shekinah glory, I'm going to live in. When old frets, and things, and trouble comes up, and everything tries to move me, and make me do this, and think this bad, and do this bad, and say this; I'm just going to stay anchored in the veil and look to the Shekinah glory. And from then on, I'll just live with You." Is there another one before we pray? God bless you, lady; You and you and you. God bless you. Yeah, just about a dozen or two hands went up then. All right.

**96** Now just... I'll tell you what I want you to do. Now, we know there's a custom we have of all coming up around the altar and praying; that's good. That was first formed in the Methodist church in about the 17th century. In the Bible, they never did it. In the Bible what they had---as many as believed were saved. Now, I want you to sit right in your seat where you are. I want you to bow your head with me. I want you to pray as I pray, and tell the Lord, say, "Lord..." Now, let's drop off all the cares of the world, and who's sitting by you. This may be the last time you'll have an opportunity to come into the kingdom of God. And I pray that God will open the doors of mercy to you today, and this will be the time. Now, shall we pray while we have our heads bowed.

```
John 3:15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.

John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

Acts 2:41 Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.

```
**97** Our heavenly Father, I bring to Thee... As the seed went out, Lord, across the platform, the Holy Spirit dropping it into some fifty or sixty hearts or more here, that raised their hands and said, "By this we are now coming to Thee." Grant, Father, that the doors of their heart may be swung wide open. They've been... Many of them, Father, has already got eternal life. They'll live forever. They have to, because You said so. That's the reason we base our thoughts so positive. They have to. You said so. Now, Father, we pray that in Jesus' name, that You'll bring them into a closer fellowship. They've been tossed about. Satan beating them. They can hear the groans and whines of the devil, always tempting them to do things wrong, and to say things wrong, and to listen to everything. Father, we pray that the veil will drop between them and the world today, that they'll be hid away in Christ, never no more to roam; stay right there in His glory, every day, reading the Bible, praising Him---meek, humble, quiet, Spirit-filled Christians. Grant it, Lord. We commend them to Thee, now, as we commit them also. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and for His glory. Amen. There is a fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Immanuel's veins; And sinners, plunge beneath that flood, Lose all their guilty stains.

**98** Now we're going to have the healing service just in a moment. I want every heart to be centered now. How many feels that today, from today on, by the grace of God (if you haven't had, you believe from this day on) you're going to walk in the presence of God, walk right with the right anointing? What would be the right anointing? According to the Word: love, peace, joy---that's the anointing. Walk like that until God just raises up the curtain, and takes me in, and shuts all the world around me. Will you do it? Raise your hand; by God's grace you'll? Thank you, and God bless you. Do that, friends. I'll tell you, it will beat every emotion, or every gift, or anything else that you could seek, if you'll just find Christ that way in your heart. That's what has helped me.

**99** I laid my daddy on my arm, seen his hair drop down, and he looked at me---went to meet God. I seen my brother yonder, struggling, the veins cut, and his neck broke, and the blood flying from his mouth. I looked at my wife, and she said, "I'll meet you just across the border yonder, Billy." I laid my hand on my baby the next day, seeing it's little leg jerking. I said, "Bless your little heart, Sharon. Daddy will meet you on the other side." My anchor held, see. See, it's not based upon emotion. Not nothing I felt, or nothing... It's what God said about it. I believed it. It's all these twenty-three years of my ministry now; it holds just as tight today, if not tighter. She gradually winds against the cross because it's pulling me closer to it all the time. God grant that each one of you have the experience of living a close, consecrated life.

**100** See, listen close now before I close on that. It isn't the blessing that you receive; and shout and glorify God. Those things are good. You're eating manna. That isn't it. That's not what I'm talking about this morning. It isn't whether you raised up and spoke with tongues, or whether you shouted, and ran up and down the building. That isn't it. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about that hid-away life in Christ, where all the time, day and night, you just live in Him. That's what I'm talking about.

**101** Now, He's here. I wished I was a healer this morning. If I was, I'd heal the sick people. I can't heal sick people; I'm just a man. But the healer, Himself, is here---the Lord Jesus. Now, if I... The Bible says, "The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." See, Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. He prayed earnestly that it wouldn't rain; and it didn't rain for three years and six months. Then he went and prayed earnestly again, and the heavens give rain. Prayer changes things. I can't change it. You can't change it. It's prayer that changes it. God told a man one time he was going to die; set his house in order. He sent the prophet up to tell him. And the man turned his face to the wall, and begin to cry, and asked God for fifteen years longer to live. And God changed the course, and gave him fifteen years longer. What is it? Prayer.

```
James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

James 5:17 Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.

```
**102** Now, we're changing the subject. Just for a few minutes... I don't get to be with you. I'm hoping to be here next Sunday again, the Lord willing. But I wanted this morning... When I come down, my wife said, "Are you going? You're hoarse and everything." I said, "I promised; I'm going anyhow," see. Look, I want to tell you something. Now, I know that prayer... This is to be my first time praying since something was ministered to me. As you understand that God knows it's true, see ---to ever pray for sick people. It won't be in the public as it used to be. Well, of course, in these church meetings it will be like this, but I mean in another category that we go in now. But this I do know; I have confidence. I've watched all along.

**103** Now, I would like to trade places today with some men who preach the Gospel, if it be the will of God for me to be a preacher. I'm not much of a preacher, because I'm not educated, and I don't know too much of the Word and things. So, I can't preach, but my work is to pray for sick people. And I notice in the services, in different places, just what prayer does. What an effect it has.

**104** How many takes Christian Life?---the magazine Christian Life? Did you notice that astounding article in there by that medical doctor in Chicago ... or, I believe it's Wheaton, Illinois? They asked him, they said, "Do you believe in divine healing? Is there such a thing?" He said, "Now, you've asked me a question. Divine healing; what do you mean, miracles or healing?" He said, "Healing, certainly. You pray for the sick, and the sick get well. Then there's a miracle that it vanishes right before you." He said, "Either of those, I certainly believe in that. But," said, "now these bloodless cults, such as Unitarians, and Science, and things like that," said, "I don't go for that; but the blood of Jesus Christ will heal anytime." Now, that was a medical doctor, see. And they know that.

**105** Then, God set some in the church to pray for the sick. God set some in the church to teach; some to be different things. Is that right? He does that. And through this He gives different gifts sometimes to people. That don't have nothing to do with it---not a thing with your soul's salvation. But in this, knowing that He called me to pray for the sick people, I just want to ... for your confidence and God knows in my heart that I mean not personally. Now let me just show you something. Look around across the country what has happened. Just draw a mental picture in your mind a few minutes.

**106** Just look what happened up here the other day. You all heard about that old opossum down in the jungle, down there; came out there, chewed up by the dogs or something; all broke up. And why would Jehovah God, to something that doesn't even have a soul---an ignorant opossum---and bring that opossum, and lay it right at my door; and me so dumb till I didn't know it. It laid there twenty-four hours. And I was sitting in my room, and He said, "Like a lady, she has laid twenty-four hours for you to pray for her, waiting for her turn; and you haven't done it yet." And little Rebekah there was in the room. And I walked out, and I said, "Heavenly Father, You forgive me. I didn't know that. Then I pray You heal this opossum." That's all I said. And the old opossum raised up, and looked at me, gathered up her babies, as just if to say, "Thank you, Sir," without even a limp, walked right on out the gate, and down the road, see. An ignorant opossum. Certainly. God led her there. Don't you believe it?

**107** How did He lead Bosworth? Oh, just look across the country at the hundreds, through dreams and visions, and how it has all been. Then that makes me know this: that He met me there when He stood by my side. He said, "You were born in this world to pray for sick people." He said, "Your ministry, starting, will sweep the world around." And it has! Look at the healing campaigns; millions around the world are healed now. I couldn't take it. Certainly not. But I started, by God's grace, and it flowed around the world, this great revival.

**108** I was sitting the other night... Oh, it's been, not the other night, a few months ago, where a bunch of ministers gathered together, give healing campaign. They each one was to tell a personal experience. They didn't even know I was around. I was sitting back of this great stadium, my coat pulled up like this, a hairpiece on my head, a pair of dark glasses on; just sitting there, listening. One of them walked up to the platform, said, "Well, my ministry is about gone. I don't know what to do." And said, "A little humble fellow come along: Brother Branham. That started me." The other one walked up, and said, "Well, as brother testified, so was it with me." He said, "I pastored a little old church, and I went over one night." He said, "There it started." I sat there and cried and cried. I just got up and walked out of the building. I couldn't stand it no more. He said this. I thought, "God, it's just exactly what You said would take place, exactly."

**109** Well, here I am this morning, friends. I'm a very poor servant of the Lord. I've failed Him in so many ways that I'm ashamed of myself. I feel unworthy to even minister to His dear sick children. But I don't look to my worthiness, because I have none. I look to what His grace is like, see. It's what He is to me, and what I am to Him. I am His child. He's my Lord. If my hands are not clean, but His are; and I don't minister with mine, I only try to yield myself to Him till He can minister through me. I'm very glad that I've lived in this veil where the things of the world... When they said, "You can't do it. Why, you're crazy. Something went wrong with preacher Branham up there. Look at him. Why, he's gone crazy."

**110** When I had that ministerial meeting over there at the Jewish Hospital, that group of men sat there, and how they tried to tell me, said, "Why, you're losing your mind. Why you can't do that. You pray for kings?" I said, "That's what He said." It didn't make any difference what they said, it's did it anyhow. God did it. He never looked at my ignorance. My ignorance could've never produced it. But it wasn't my ignorance. It was His grace; He was the One doing it. And in that grace alone I trust this morning as I go pray for this dying woman, and for others. Not only... You're God's servant too. The prayer ... the effectual fervent prayer ... the congregation praying.

**111** Here lays a woman laying on a stretcher here this morning. There's others sitting here in a dying condition. There's a quality, a gift, certainly. That's not even questioned to the world anymore after ten years. You could come to this platform, and you couldn't hide your life if you had to, in the presence of God. He'd tell you exactly what you was, and what you'd done. You know that to be the truth. But that isn't a healing. That isn't healing. It's the prayer of faith that saves the sick. It's prayer that saves the sick. Certainly. Now, that's what we want to do, is pray for the sick. And I want to see you well. I think, "What if this was my mother laying here?" What if ... it's somebody's mother, perhaps. What if it's my wife sitting back there, or somebody else that's sick. I will be sincere. I will pray.

```
James 5:15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.

```
**112** There's a woman walking there now, Mrs. Roof, brought in on a stretcher, like this woman was brought in, dying with a cancer. Right down here at Jeffersonville, when the meeting was down there at the high school, dying with a cancer. And there she is, never been bothered since. Went home and got well. Isn't it marvelous?

**113** Now, I want you to play, Sister, "The Great Physician Now Is Near, The Sympathizing Jesus." I want everybody that is going to stay for the meeting now, to quiet down just a minute. Let's pray. I'll call the prayer line just in a moment. First, I think I will go down and pray for this woman on the cot so we can have room. I want everybody to keep your heads bowed. I want everybody to pray sincerely now. Now, Sister, on the cot here, the mother, I'm talking to you now. I want you to have faith now, and believe. I want you to believe with all your heart. Let's all be in prayer, and reverently, if you will. I'll come back to the platform, after I pray for the woman, then we will let the people as they take her out, or set her to one side. But I want to pray for her first, so she can be out of the way. Can we pray our prayer now?

**114** Our heavenly Father, yes, there is a great Physician. There's a balm in Gilead. And laying here on the cot this morning, sitting here in the seats, are Your people, who are sitting here suffering. This dark, cloudy world that we're living in. Oh, eternal God, blessed of the Father, we pray that Your mercy will extend to these people today, and every one of them will be healed. Let them enter in now to the manna. You've got the door open this morning for whosoever will, let him come.

**115** The middle wall of partition has been tore down where Jew, Gentile, Greek, bond, and free, can enter in at the same gate: the door to the sheep-fold. Thou art the door and we come through Jesus, God, to receive these blessings: Jesus the Christ, the Son of God. I come to pray for the sick. Will You heal them today, Lord? We thank You for our dear Brother Neville; for his gallant work here pastoring the church; for all that he's done, and how he's stood by the post of duty as a real true servant. God, bless him and his wife, and his little children. Lord, may his little boys raise up to be men like dad. Grant it, Father. Oh God, be near us now, as I go to minister to the sick with all my heart. I pray You'd be with me, Father, and give me faith, and take all doubt out of my mind; that when every person shall come, may my mind not function to the unbelief, but may my heart push forth faith. Grant it, Lord, that when the faith in my heart moves reasonings back, cast down reasonings and have faith. May everyone be healed. Grant it, Father.

**116** Now with our heads bowed, I'll go pray for Sister. You all be in prayer. [Brother Branham leaves microphone to pray for sick lady.] And we know that Satan realizes these things, that if our faith can only meet yonder, then he's defeated, and the woman has to get well. So we come in Jesus Christ's Name, swing the doors open Father and take us into the Shekinah Glory, where all the howls of the world will be on the outside, and our sister will be made well. Grant it. Oh, Satan, you enemy, the prayer of faith is prayed over our sister, and now you are defeated. You have no legal rights any more to hold her. Oh, Satan, you was defeated at Calvary. When Jesus died, the Blood came from His body, and by His stripes we were healed, and you know this. And we are pleading the Blood of Jesus over her, that this life that's in her, the germ of life of the enemy that's done all this evil to her, this spirit that's done this harm, to leave the woman in Jesus' Name. Father God, we come to Thee to thank Thee for doing it. We believe with all of our hearts that whatever we ask in Your Name shall be done. You said it shall be done. You said, "Ask the Father anything in My Name, and I'll do it." Father, we command this of the devil that he leaves. And through the Name of the Lord Jesus, and our sister will be made whole, and thanking You right now. This is Your Word. You said, "They shall lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." That was Your promise to the believer. God, if I know my heart, I'm a believer. You can send an ignorant opossum, and lay it by the side of the steps, for that mother opossum to be made well to raise her babies. How much more do You know about this Your child, this woman laying here. How much more have You toted her down the road Lord, have you brought her in here on this cot, that she'd be healed. And I pray with all my faith that You'll make her well, and she shall rise, and go home, be well. Grant it, Lord, through Jesus Christ's Name. We give Thee all the praise. [Gap in the audio] ... prayed for, this lady here on the end. I want--I think she... condition right here... Oh, dear God, I pray for this man that You'll heal... [Gap in the audio] The glory of the Lord is here to heal anybody that wants to be healed. Take up your bed, go into your house. Right straight out, any way you want to brother, go right... Would you give him room to take the stretcher out as he go out, if you will. Right down the aisle here give the man room to pack the stretcher, the woman out, broken ankle, broken ribs and everything. But God has touched her body and made her completely whole, here she is, walking around glorifying God. You who want to be prayed for come to the side now while we pray. All right Brother Neville... Heavenly Father, we lay hands upon our sister... [Gap in the audio] secret of it.

**117** I asked Him when that lady was laying there. She told me how she'd fell, and her--her ankle and her ribs and all about like that. I said, "God, if You will confirm this to me this morning, I'll perform the same thing that You told me to do when I was here, and you let that woman rise up and walk out across the building." And immediately after she was prayed for, she rose; and they took the stretcher out, and here's the woman walking around. The Lord Jesus is here, my dear brothers and sisters. I can't heal you. But you're fixing to see, I believe, one of the greatest revivals that we have ever had (That's right.) in the nation. I just know that something is in the making just now.

**118** Now, as you pass by right now to be prayed for, let everyone in the building be in prayer as our sister plays. And Brother Neville and I will be ministering, and laying hands on the sick as they pass by this side, going to their seat. [Gap in the audio.]

**119** Some people get the wrong impression of what the anointing is. Did you ever think of that? When was the greatest anointing ever give to anyone, and what did they do when they had the anointing? The greatest anointing that was ever give to anyone was Jesus Christ. We have the Spirit by measure. He had it without measure. And one day He entered into the temple, and picked up the scroll, and read. He said, "The Spirit of God is upon me, for He has anointed me to preach the acceptable year ... to bind up the broken hearts, to heal the sick, give sight to the blind." And now, we would think, if such anointing was on Him, that had been prophesied 800 years before that it would come, and here He was with that type of anointing, the full blessing and anointing of the Lord upon Him---we would want to run all over the building, scream and holler. But the Bible said, "He laid down the scroll, and sat down, and precious words proceeded from His mouth." That's what He done under the anointing. The anointing is not emotion. The anointing is supreme power in control, knowing exactly what and how. And that's what's here.

```
Luke 4:18 The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,

Luke 4:19 To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.

Luke 4:20 And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.

John 3:34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

```
**120** Now, you might not be able to understand it as you walk here. You might not be able to get it. But I challenge your faith to this: You come and believe what I told you, and watch what happens. You just believe what's been told, and see what happens. The anointing of the Lord is in the temple ... the Tabernacle this morning. Amen. Now, let us pray as we go. [Brother Branham prays for the needy.] Our heavenly Father, sister coming to the altar felt led to sing that song just then. You were speaking to her. She kneels; she's praying as Hannah in the temple. Give her soul the desire of her heart, dear God. She loves you. Father, that You'll pardon, give her those things that she asks for as she kneels broken up, weeping, knowing that it's no secret what You can do; for You're God, and all powers in heaven and earth is given into Your hands. So, may You brush away her tears just now, comfort her with Thy nail-scarred hands. Say, "Daughter, thy faith saves thee." May she go in peace and be made... Whatever she desires today, grant it, Father. For Jesus' sake, we ask this.

```
1 Samuel 1:11 And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head.

1 Samuel 1:17 Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him.

```
**121** Do you love the Lord? Isn't He wonderful? Had a glorious time here this morning in this fellowship. Have you just felt His presence? Just something around you saying, "Well, I'm with you; don't fear. The little boat can't rock, or do no harm."

**122** How are you feeling, Mother? Good. That's fine. The lady that was on the stretcher said she's feeling good now. Aren't we thankful for that? Our Lord Jesus. She's going to come back and be with us, and sit in the church, and rejoice, and praise God. Is that right? And I believe next Sunday, we will just have all kinds of people that will want to testify about what happened today. Don't you believe that? Now, what do we do? Stay in the glory. Walk in the light. Walk step by step with Him, ever holding to His everlasting hand; eternal blessings of God resting with you; knowing this assurance, that God will not promise anything that He cannot do, see.

**123** Abraham, when he was old, he didn't care about how old he was; he knew that God was able to do what He said He would do. Isn't that wonderful? Well, now God doesn't die. God is from everlasting to everlasting. Did you ever think that when your spirit leaves you... If you were in a gas chamber, if you were in the bottom of a well, bottom of the sea, wherever it may be, when your spirit leaves you, water, fire, or nothing can hold it. It moves right through the buildings, and it's like a vapor. It hangs there. It's alive. It can't die. It's got eternal life. It can't perish. Then when you die, and your loved ones are weeping, they think you're dead, but you're not; you're still living up here. The old body is faded away, but it's put down in the ground. All the atoms and things that you once was has broke up and gone back into the cosmic light, and petroleum, and whatever it was---gone back into the earth. And someday, the great King of these spirits will come: Jesus, coming from glory in His body. Amen!

**124** And He will turn loose the power of God. And every person that is in Him, their bodies ... them atoms will start going together; the cosmic light will start making up. And in a moment's time, every person that's in Christ will be changed and made a young man and woman again, standing on the earth. Think of it. Never to get old; never to be sick; never to have a heartache, or a worry. What have we got to worry about? We just walk in the light of God, don't we? Isn't He wonderful? Oh, my.

**125** Let's see if we can sing this good old song. Could you give us a cord? "My Faith Looks Up to Thee." How many knows it? We used to sing it here all time. My faith looks up to Thee, Thou lamb of Calvary, Saviour divine. Now hear me while I pray, Take all my guilt away, O let me from this day, Be wholly Thine. I know we're late, but let's just sing it, Now, everybody come on. My faith looks up to Thee... How you feel about it sister? [Brother Branham talks to someone--Ed.] ...Saviour Divine, Now hear me... ...let me ever stray from Thee aside. You like that? Oh my, I just love that, them old fashioned songs. You like it? Now let's sing "Near The Cross". How many knows that? All right, let's all together now, come on, "Jesus Keep Me Near The Cross". Jesus keep me near the cross, There's a precious fountain, Free to all, a healing stream, Flows from Calvary's mountain. In the cross, in the cross Oh, be my glory ever, Till my raptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river. Down at the cross where my Saviour died, Down there for cleansing from sin I cried; There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His Name! Oh, glory to His Name (Precious Name)! Glory to His precious Name! Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His Name! Now, while we sing this oth--ver--I am--there--this next chorus of this, or this next part of it, "I am so wonderously saved from sin," turn around and shake somebody's hand right by you. Say, "Aren't you glad to be a Christian?" like that, come on now. I am so wonderously saved... ...cross where He took me in; Oh, glory to... (God bless... God bless you brother) Down at the cross where my Saviour died, Oh, down there for cleansing from sin I cried; There to... (Let's stand) was the blood applied; Glory to His Name! (Don't you love Him?) Glory to... (Reach around now and shake one another's hand.) Glory to His Name (Precious Name)! There to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His Name! Oh, isn't He wonderful? Oh, isn't He wonderful? You know this is just like a great, big bucketful of honey on a cold morning. It's just so thick it's hard to get away, isn't it? God bless you, sister. Everybody happy? Raise your hands and say, "Praise the Lord!" Let's try to be back for service tonight now. Everybody remember and pray and... Brother Neville, listen to him on the broadcast for the following services next Sunday. And we want everybody that was healed to be here next Sunday to give a testimony to the glory of God. We love the Lord Jesus. We love you and we're undenominational, the doors is open to whosoever will; no race, creed or color. No law but love; no book but the Bible; no creed but Christ, and that's the way we stand and live that way. And everybody... we don't have membership, we have fellowship one with another, while the Blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin. Now shall we bow our heads just a moment while I'm going to ask the Pastor if he'll dismiss us and I'll see you next Sunday, the Lord willing. All right Brother...
