---
Date: 1956-04-27
Title: Faith
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Abundant Life Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, U.S.A
Duration: 2 hours
Author: William Branham
---

# Faith



**1** Thank you, brother. Shall we pray while you remain standing just a moment. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight that the Lord Jesus has made it possible for us to assemble together again. And realizing that this may be our last time this side of eternity, and we thank Thee that Thou has given us this opportunity. We pray that Your blessings will shower us tonight and lay the blessings upon us just like the showers falling from heaven. Grant it, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, all of the things that we've did that's wrong, even our wrong thoughts. We pray that You will forgive us, and our motives, if they're not just according to Thy Word and Thy will, forgive us, Lord, and let us act only in Thy will.

**2** Grant a great service tonight, Father. We pray that there will not be a feeble person among us when this service is closed tonight. May everyone look to Calvary and receive their redemptive blessings that Jesus purchased there for us in the cross. We pray that You'll grant this. Bless all the ministers. Give them a great encouragement, Lord, the shepherds that's over the flocks, and we pray that You'll grant these things through Jesus' name. Amen. May be seated.

**3** The Lord be merciful to each of you tonight as we assemble to serve the Lord Jesus. I was told that the Christian Businessmen's breakfast is tomorrow morning. I wonder if Mr. Arganbright has arrived yet. If he's in the building, anyone know if Mr. Arganbright is here? I was looking for him or Mr. Moore for in the morning, the reason I asked that. Now, I'm so sorry we have such a little short stay. This time was just merely to become acquainted with each other and expecting someday to visit the Carolinas in a tent service. The Lord has given me a vision of having a tent, and always my services last anywhere from about ... oh, perhaps from three nights up to five, ten nights at the most. I like to stay for four, five, six weeks, where we could just really have a... Thank you. And in that way we could set up a year ahead so you get all the ministers not having revivals. And I like a real good feeling among ministers. I just love that, because being a shepherd myself, I know what it means.

**4** And then, maybe some brother come to town that we've set a revival, and you've already got the evangelist coming and things, you know kind of... You'd like to have it so you could go, but you're just under obligation to your word. So I hope in my coming meetings that someone will come ahead and set the meeting all up many, many months ahead, so all the brethren can be together, and we can have great fellowship one with another. And have not only the night service, but have an afternoon Bible class of teaching. I just love that. And then we'll try then to also have our service on Sunday afternoon, so that each person can go back to their churches for that evening. And then, so the converts can have a place to go, and the pastors at the platform to represent the different churches, denominations.

**5** We're just looking forward for a great time in the Lord, and with your prayers I'm sure that we will do the best we can for the glory of God. Prayer changes things. Prayer changes death to life. Prayer changes sickness to health, changes sinners to saints. It's prayer. You may laugh too much. You may shout too much. You may eat too much. But you'll never pray too much. The Bible said, "I would that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands." So you'll never be able to pray too much. Now, I was noticing here Brother Osborn's book, the Evangelist T. L. Osborn. He is another bosom friend of mine, along with Brother Roberts and many of the other outstanding ministers of the day. I've had privilege of meeting many of them.

```
1 Timothy 2:8 I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.

```
**6** Brother Jack Coe. I know you all heard of him. He just had a little trouble down in Florida. Brother Jack Coe is a wonderful person. He certainly is. And I remember Brother Coe first time he come to my meeting. Talk about a little skeptic, he was, and little old skinny fellow, but he sure out-growed that now. And so he come to the meeting, and oh, he was just going to tear it apart. So, he tells it in one of his stories. I was reading some of his literature, where he went outside. He said, "Now, that thing of telling people what's wrong with them and things, I don't believe that." So a lady was passing by, you know, said, "Tell me what's wrong with her." I said, "What's you so skeptic about?" And I told him what the lady had there as the Lord showed me. He said, "Well, that's the truth."

**7** So, the next night coming down through a place. I believe it was down in San Antonio, Texas. And we were going out the side of the auditorium, and here stood this little old boy standing out there again, head back. And he said, "I want to speak to you a minute." I said, "Look, sir. What's you so skeptic... What you following me around like that for?" I said, "Now, it's going to come to pass that you're going to have a ministry similar to this, so what you fighting about?" And that's just what happened.

**8** I remember O. L. Jaggers. The hardest person I ever had to shake away from me was O. L. Jaggers. I didn't want to shake him away from me, but he was so skeptic. Oh, my. He was beating it down, and all the time I knew he believed it in his heart, but he just wanted to see what I was... So he, Brother O. L. Jaggers, he's a bosom friend, a very fine man. And Tommy Osborn, he was there. You reading the life story. How many's read the book of my life story? We have just a few of them. I don't sell books. I'm not a book salesman. These books are not mine. Someone wrote them, and I buy them at forty cents less than what I sell them here at, and then I have to haul them and everything. If it's money, I'll lose on them. And I'll give the ushers and so forth orders: If some poor brother, sister comes by and wants one and hasn't got the money to pay for it, give it to him anyhow (See?), and so something will take place. It's always come out some way. It still will. The thing is to get the message to the people.

**9** Show you the good it does. Today I was ... last night, rather, I was handed a letter. The woman may be here tonight. At this last meeting down here; and 'course, I don't know what goes on when that visions are... It's another world, friends. And only way I know (See?), I've got a boy sitting here with a tape recorder, and if anybody... You have to watch now what it tells you. The vision doesn't heal you, but when you hear it move out, and tell you what the future is, and say, "Thus saith the Lord," then you mark that right down. Find out if that isn't just right. It'll never fail. And so then, that's how we keep these recordings, and we know just exactly what everything was said. And you check them, and double check them, and there never has been one time but what everything happened just that way. It always will, because it's God, see.

**10** And I remember Mr. Osborn came in; I believe it was up in Oregon---Portland, Oregon. It was about sixty-five hundred people inside and pretty near that many outside. I was the only one on the field in that day, and there was... Oh, there was a lot of tinsel on the meetings, you know. You know what I mean. So I remember... I believe he and his wife (how the story goes), he was sitting up, and there was a maniac ran from the platform and run up on there, and about three hundred ministers shrunk back. And the man weighed about two-seventy. I never seen such a giant, great big brawny arms, and he run to the platform. And I was speaking on faith. And in them days I weighed a hundred and twenty-eight pounds. And I was looking out over the audience, and this man run to the platform. I seen him coming down the aisle, just a snorting real loud and swinging his arms, and... Well, I thought that maybe it's somebody hurrying to do something. I never thought nothing about it, and all the ministers begin to run backwards. In a few minutes this fellow ran to the platform, and he put his hands on his hips, and he said, "You snake-in-the-grass..." I looked around and I thought, Well, poor fellow (See?), there's something wrong with him. And you could tell there was something wrong. He was out of a insane institution. Little did I know that the police was after him. He'd just broke a preacher's jawbone and collar that day. He had a name for hurting preachers, and he was just out of a insane institution, and so they warranted after him. And he'd hit a preacher standing on the street holding a street meeting, and broke his collar bone and his jaw, and got away.

**11** And just as I run out two little police that I'd met in the dressing room and had led them both to Christ: one of their mothers was healed the night before in the meeting, and both those fine little officers bowed their head there on their knees and surrendered their lives to Christ---finest little fellows. I heard from one of them not long ago. Both of them still holding on to God. They got acquainted with my friend, Captain Al Ferrar, there at the FBI, the... Was one of my other converts, too, that come in. Led him to Christ down in a shooting gallery, in the place. So then, this little fellows run out on the platform to grab him, and I seen that this wasn't a flesh and blood affair, so I said, "This isn't flesh and blood, brother." And the nicest little fellows just stepped back. He started walking up to me real slow with his hands out like this, and you could hear a pin drop anywhere it was so quiet. He said, "You low-down hypocrite." Said, "You snake-in-the-grass. Up here and posing yourself as a man of God." He said, "Tonight I'll break every bone in that measly little frame of yours." Said, "I'll knock you way out into the middle of the audience like that."

**12** He was plenty able to take care of his boast; I had to look up to see the man, he was so big. And he come with his teeth set together like that, and his fist clenched. He started walking up towards me. Well, you better know what you're talking about. That's right. You're not fooling with flesh and blood now. The Lord sent me. The thing of it is: It's not me; it has to be Him. If He sent, then He'll take care of what He sent. So, I said, "What's the matter?" He said, "Don't talk to me." He drew back his fist. Said, "I'll break every bone in your body."

**13** And when I looked at the man, I heard myself talking. I don't know whether... It may sound crazy, but it was the Holy Spirit speaking. The Bible said, "Take no thought what you shall say. It'll be added then." And it said, "Because that you have defied the Spirit of God, tonight you will fall over my feet." He said, "I'll show you whose feet I'll fall over." And he drew his great big arm back and started to hit me like that, and I said, "Satan, come out of the man (just about like that) in the name of the Lord Jesus." And he had his arm back like that to strike, and he started going, "Ooo-Ooo," and his eyes rolled back. He started going around and around like that, and fell down, till he just laid across my feet, and I couldn't move any way. So there, both had made a challenge---the Spirit of God and the spirit was in him. Both of them made a challenge, so then something had to happen. The audience was waiting, and the fellow... And the policeman said, "Is that man dead?" I said, "No, sir." Said, "Is he healed?" I said, "No, sir. He worships that spirit. He won't give it up (See?), but would you move him off of my feet?" So when they got over there, I just turned around to the audience. I said, "As I was saying, faith is the substance of things hoped for," and a man sitting in a wheelchair just raised up, and a lady on the stretcher and there was no... Everything in there was healed right there, and they just packed them away. And the next morning was great big truck going down the street, people singing "Only Believe," walking behind this big truck full of stretchers and wheelchairs and everything. What was it? The chief of that tribe of demons had made the challenge and lost it, you see. And that's when the Spirit of God struck the building, and everything was healed.

```
Matthew 10:19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.

Mark 13:11 But when they shall lead you, and deliver you up, take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate: but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour, that speak ye: for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost.

Luke 12:11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:

Luke 12:12 For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.

Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

```
**14** Tommy Osborn was sitting up in the balcony to see that; he went home and nailed himself in a room for three days and prayed. About two months after that, I was sitting at the porch one day, and a little fellow come up... If you ever knowed Brother Osborn. And he's a fine little fellow. So nervous he couldn't stand still, going around his car, him and his wife. He said, "Brother Branham," said, "I seen that." He said, "Oh," (from a pastor of a little church), he said, "but I believe that God is moving." I said, "Yes, sir. He is." Said, "Do you think I have a gift of healing?" I said, "I'd forget it, Brother Osborn." I said, "There'd be so much fanaticism tacked to that after a while till everything that goes out has to have the gift of healing." I said, "Look. You're a minister, aren't you?" "Oh, yes. God called me to be a minister." I said, "That's all right. Every minister that's called is called to pray for the sick too, every minister." And I said, "What I'd do is sit up there under that old oak tree and learn all the tactics of divine healing by the Word." And he said, "What old oak tree?" I said, "That one that's bald-headed up there on the porch, old Dr. F. F. Bosworth. I believe he knows more about Scriptural basis of divine healing than any man I know of in my life.

**15** He went with Brother Bosworth for about two years, and when I was making my first trip to Africa (I suppose it's been about four years ago), he was... I was in that big arena there in New York where they wrestle at, and the place was packed out, and they had movie cameras setting their headlights and everything down. I was kind of behind the stage, and they started sing "Only Believe," and I looked standing over behind the stage, and there stood little Osborn standing over there. He seen me. He started crying. I run over and put my arms around him. I said, "Well, bless your little heart." He just cried like a baby. He said, "Brother Branham, I flew up here to tell you good-bye. I know you're leaving in the morning." I said, "Well ... so glad." I said, "Brother Osborn, I've heard of your great work for the Lord," I said, "out in the islands," and what all he's done. I said, "I guess you're just wore out." He said, "Me wore out?" He said, "I ain't done nothing to be wore out about." He said, "I don't have any discernment and have to go through all that punishment." He said, "You know what? I just stand there, and take the Word, and tie Satan in such a knot till he just can't get out of it, then pray for the people and stand back and rejoice while they're all testifying by the hundreds." I said, "Well, that's wonderful. I wish I could do that."

**16** He said, "Brother Branham," he said, "I'm glad I sat under that old oak tree." I said, "Do you know, it's still sitting out there." I said, "He's going to Africa with me." Brother Bosworth was right there at the time. Oh, such a lovely brother, Brother Tommy Osborn, and I'm sure you're reading his little book. It's the first time I ever had the privilege to say a word about his book. I just happened to see it laying here. You'll certainly enjoy it, everything. Because he's a scholar, diplomat, Christian brother. Oh, he's just a fine fellow.

**17** And now, the Lord be merciful to us as we study His Word together. I was thinking tonight instead of... How many was here last night? Let's see your hands. Oh, that's fine. All right. You could help somebody else if you hear someone criticizing in the meeting of the tactics of how the meeting operates through the Holy Spirit. And I thought tonight, I would talk on faith for a little while, just build up on Christian faith. I find out that one of the greatest hindrance that the church has got today, is that they're scared to death. What are you scared about? That's what I'm wondering. If you'll just only realize that who you are... You don't know who you are. You don't know who that is sitting next to you. Oh, you say, "Yeah, that's my neighbor. I know. I know him all right." But he's a son of God (See? That's right.), adopted by Jesus Christ into the family. That's a daughter of God sitting next to you. And who are you? If you're a Christian believer, you're a son or daughter of God. What you scared about? No need of being scared. As long as the devil can keep you scared (That's all he wants to do.), he's got you right then. When Jesus rose, said, "Fear not, I am He that was dead and is alive forevermore and have the keys of death and hell." That's right.

```
Revelation 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.

```
**18** Now, I want to read a text here tonight out of the Bible, if the Lord willing. And we'll talk just a little while on it and then start the prayer line, praying for the sick. And I believe there's a ministerial breakfast... No, it's a Christian Businessmen's breakfast in the morning, and I think they know where it's at, perhaps have already announced it. In the book of Genesis we wish to read some of God's Word in the 22nd chapter of Genesis, and beginning with the 7th and 8th verse and then the 14th verse inclusive. We read this: And Isaac spake unto his father, Abraham, and said, My father: and he said, Here I am, my son. And he said, Behold ... the wood: but where is the lamb for the burnt-offering? And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for the burnt offering: so they both went together. [Fourteenth verse.] And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the Lord it shall be seen. Now may He add His blessings to His Word, the reading of His Word.

```
Genesis 22:7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?

Genesis 22:8 And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.

Genesis 22:14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.

```
**19** The reason I like to read His Word is because I know that you're going to get something by coming here if you only receive that Word. For my word will fail, and every other man's word will fail, but God's Word cannot fail. And faith cometh by hearing, and hearing the Word of God. Now, we'll have to go back a little while tonight to get the context of this text: Jehovah-jireh. God appeared to mankind in seven compound redemptive names, and in those redemptive names He represented Himself to the human race, for everything that we have need of while we're in this journey and in our fallen state from glory. He appeared in these redemptive names as Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord will provide Himself a sacrifice"; Jehovah-rapha, "the Lord that healeth thee"; "Jehovah, thy banner"; and Jehovah... Seven different compound redemptive names that He appeared in.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**20** Now, speaking maybe tonight on this redemptive name, tomorrow night we may take Jehovah-jireh. And now they're inseparable. What He appeared as God to the human race in the beginning, He has to continue on under those names and under that provision. If He didn't, He certainly told something was wrong when He appeared to the human race and said that's what He was. And look what you'd make God then: just a man. You'd make Him a liar. And if the redemptive names did not apply to Jesus, then He isn't the Saviour. And if all these redemptive names was in Jesus, well, then He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And so there's no way out of it. And you can't ... they're inseparable. If Jehovah appeared as Jehovah that will provide the sacrifice, then He appeared Jehovah that will heal, Jehovah that is our banner, Jehovah that is our shield, Jehovah that is our strength. And Jehovah is our praise, and all these different names that He appeared in, He has to remain that, because He introduced Himself to the human race by those names. You see it?

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**21** Now, this old man and his young son standing upon the mount, ready to be offered: a very beautiful type of Christ and God. Isaac was a type of Christ. Now, to get something about his life, let's go back at the beginning and find out: what pictured this up here on the hill. We'll get the context to get to our text, and we go back and find out that God called Abraham by... In Genesis the 12th chapter, by sovereign grace He called Abraham, not because Abraham was any better than anyone else, but because God by foreknowledge and election called Abraham; and that's the way He called you. The Bible said so. Notice. Not because Abraham was good. He come from his father Terah which means "delay." And they come down from Babylon, perhaps idolaters, from Nimrod who first built Babylon and caused it to be a confederation, and all the people had to flock into it.

```
Genesis 11:31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.

Joshua 24:2 And Joshua said unto all the people, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods.

1 Peter 1:2 Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.

```
**22** Babylon appears in the beginning. It appears in the middle of the Bible, and it appears in the last of the Bible. And everything that we've got here today began in Genesis. Genesis is the seed book, or the crop book, where God planted first, and Satan planted tares. And it all comes down as vines growing up, and today we're at the harvest time of the whole thing. But every cult that we got on earth today, with time and historians, like Hislop's "Two Babylons," Josephus, and many of the early writers... We could go back there and prove every cult with every action that it's got, began in Genesis, and the church of the living God began in Genesis. So the vines are growing right up, but by their fruits you know what they are, by what they produce. Maybe, Lord willing, I'll speak on it one night before we leave: the true and false vine.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Matthew 12:33 Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.

Luke 6:44 For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes.

```
**23** Notice then, Abraham called by election, and God giving him the covenant of grace unconditionally. You know, when God makes a covenant with man, man breaks his covenant. You make a promise to God, nine times out of ten you'll not do it. When God made a covenant with man in the garden of Eden: "This you do and if you do this..." There's an "if" in it. Man turned right back around it and broke his covenant with God. God was determined to save man. So instead of saying "if," He was no "if" to Abraham: "I have." You see the assurance? "You'll come to me in an old age. I've already settled it. Not 'If you'll do anything.' I've already done it." Then it's got to be sure. Not, "Abraham, if you backslide ... or, Abraham, if you'll keep My Word, Abraham, if you'll do this or you'll do that." God said, "I have already done it."

```
Genesis 4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

Genesis 15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:

```
**24** Oh, you say, "I'd like to be Abraham. Oh, Brother Branham, if I had that assurance, then I would certainly rest perfectly quiet." Why, you've got the same assurance and the same covenant. The covenant was not only to Abraham only, but to his seed after him. Amen. If you begin to see that, then divine healing becomes easy. Any other promise that God has given becomes easy when you see that it's not you, it's God. God has give the promise, so then you don't get restless. As I said here down ... I believe it was Spindale or somewhere, maybe Columbia, or one of the meetings along here in Carolina. It was just before I got here. But I woke up one night with the best sermon on my heart, and I didn't have no one to preach to, so I just woke my wife up and preached to her, and she went to sleep.

**25** And I was preaching to her on the Christian's rest. When you've come to Christ, everything's settled. "Come unto Me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." It's settled. It's all over. Christ has done paid the price. Everything you have to do is just rest. Let down. Quit jumping around, getting all disturbed, place to place and denominations, packing your letter from the Methodist to the Baptist. Put it in heaven once and leave it there, see. Don't be disturbed. Let God... Just come to Him and rest. If He's Jehovah-jireh, rest on it. If He's Jehovah-rapha, rest on it. If He's the Lord that saves us by grace, rest on it. If He's the Lord who heals us by grace, rest on it. If He's the God that's coming from heaven with ten thousands of His saints, rest on it. If the dead in Christ shall rise first, rest on it. Everything, rest. Oh, my. I feel pretty religious right now. Oh, resting, not jumping about from pillar to post and carried about with every wind of doctrine, but resting on what God said.

```
Matthew 11:28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

```
**26** Every promise in the book is yours. Every "amen" and "yea" is yours. What you got to be worried about? Even old age, it shouldn't have a thing to do with it. Sickness has nothing to do with it. God promised, and God has to keep His promise. See what we're trying to do is get the scare away from you. "Oh," you say, "I'm afraid the neighbors..." Well, then, you ought to come to Christ. You wouldn't go at your neighbor then, see. All right, but I'm talking about those that are in Christ: Don't care what anybody else says; it's what He said. A Christian doesn't look to the things of the world. They don't look at what they see. They look at what they don't see, but what they believe. The Christian looks at the unseen. So, we don't see what we believe. If it is, it is no more of faith. But faith is what you do not see and believe, because you believe the One that gave the promise is true to His promise.

**27** So Abraham, a man seventy-five years old, married to his half-sister, Sarah, and they came down from the land ... from Chaldea, the city of Ur, and dwelt in the Shinar valley. Perhaps lived a good, long lives of people then. They'd go out in the morning and get some berries out of the bushes and eat them, and then along noontime go out and kill an animal with their bow or spear and have their proteins and so forth, and a few berries, and go to bed at night: lived a good normal life. But this man, not because he was different, but because God... Oh, I just love to push it down, see. Because God saw grace in the heart of Abraham and saved him by election, and give him the promise. "You haven't chose me," said Jesus. "I chose you." People said, "I just toiled and wrestled seeking God." Oh, no. It was God seeking you. You just wouldn't turn loose. No man seeks God. No man has sought God at any time, but man is a coward. He runs from God, but God seeks man. Started in the garden of Eden: Adam running, hiding behind the bushes, God out running up-and-down the garden saying, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Father seeking his lost child, not the lost child seeking the Father: same today. How we could dwell on that a while if time would permit.

```
Genesis 3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?

Genesis 11:31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.

Genesis 12:1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee:

Genesis 12:4 So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.

```
**28** But notice, God called Abraham and gave him this promise---this covenant: not "if you will," but "I have," and not only to Abraham only but to his seed after him. And you say, "Well, I wish I was a Jew, maybe I would be of the seed of Abraham." Paul said, "That which is of the seed natural is not a Jew." But look, are we Jews, the seed of Abraham? Yes. Is Abraham's seed still being called? Yes. The Bible said, "We which are dead in Christ take on Abraham's seed, and are heirs according to the promise." So, every man that has died to himself and been born anew in the kingdom of God by the Holy Spirit becomes a new creature in Christ Jesus and take on Abraham's seed and got the same Spirit that led Abraham, leads his seed. Amen. Excuse me for slobbering. I've been eating some of these grapes over here in Canaan, and it makes me slobber a whole lot sometimes.

```
Genesis 15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:

Romans 2:28 For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:

Romans 2:29 But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.

Galatians 3:29 And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.

```
**29** Watch. Abraham chosen of God. "By grace are you saved, and that not by works, lest any man should boast." Is that right? That's the Scripture, just as clear as the old black-backed Bible teaches it. Yes, sir. By grace are you saved. God calls you. "No man can come to Me except the Father draws him first, and all the Father has given Me will come to Me. (Amen.) He that eats My flesh and drinks My blood (worthily that is) hath everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day." Amen. "Those who He has called, He has justified: and those who He had justified, He hath (past tense) already glorified." And tonight we're sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. What you scared about? God promised these things in the last days, and we're seeing them. Wake up. The time of visitation is at hand from the Lord, the refreshening that He promised: that both former and latter rain both would be poured out in the last day.

```
Jeremiah 5:24 Neither say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth rain, both the former and the latter, in his season: he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest.

Joel 2:23 Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:54 Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.

Romans 8:30 Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.

Ephesians 2:6 And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

Ephesians 2:9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.

Ephesians 2:9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.

```
**30** Remember the prophet said, "It'll be a day that won't be neither night or day ... night or daylight." It'll be a misty day. It's been that way for two thousand years, but the same Holy Spirit that brought light to the early eastern people... Geographically, civilization travels westward. We're at the west coast. East and west has joined together, but the prophet said, "In the evening, it shall be light." We've had enough light to know that Jesus was the Son of God, to come in and join churches, and start organizations and things. But the old-time, Pentecostal power that was poured out on the day of Pentecost, our teachers has told us, "That's all of it. That settled it. That was all." Is God righteous or unrighteous? Is God true or untrue? The prophet said, "It'll be light in the evening time." All the mist will fall away, and the same Son that shined on the eastern people will shine on the western people in an old-time, Holy Ghost revival, just exactly what the prophet said. And this is that.

```
Zechariah 14:6 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:

Zechariah 14:7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

```
**31** Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "This is that." And brethren, I don't say this for a joke: But if this ain't that, I'm going to keep this till that comes. Amen. It'll be light. Abraham's seed journeying on to the west, but now, the same Son that raised in the east on the Jews is setting in the West on the Gentile with the same signs and wonders, the same Holy Ghost. Every word of God is true. Maybe if you just ask God, He will put it together for you, see. It's just like a big jigsaw puzzle. Don't mean to compare the Bible with that by no means. It's the Holy Word of God. But you take a jigsaw puzzle, and if you don't watch, you get your scenery all mixed up: Cow picking grass in the top of a tree; so it ain't right. So you got to get it right, and God is the same. And you get the Bible together, and you find out it's one great, big beautiful picture of redemption, God dealing with His people.

```
Acts 2:16 But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;

```
**32** Now, could you imagine Sarah and Abraham... Abraham going in and saying, "Sarah, honey, you know what happened? I was just talking to God. He showed me something." "Yes?" "We're going to have a baby." "What?" "Yes." Abraham seventy-five, Sarah sixty-five, going to have a baby... Married her when she was about seventeen and here they are all... He was about twenty-seven, lived with her all these years. She was perfectly barren, and now at the age of sixty-five, about twenty years past menopause, God said, "You're going to have a baby." Could you imagine it? Could you imagine? He said, "Buy up all the Birdseye and the pins and get ready. We're going to have it." The impossible... But the Bible said that, "Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong, giving praise to God, and called those things which were not, as though they were."

```
Romans 4:17 (As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.

Romans 4:20 He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

```
**33** Are you Abraham's seed tonight? Amen. Be honest. If God promised divine healing through Christ Jesus, and He was Jehovah-jireh, what are we staggering about? You're Abraham's seed; you don't stagger. You believe it. Now, if you're not borned again, then I don't know about that. You might be tossed about with anything. But if your heart's really fixed on Christ and been born again, you believe every word He said to be the truth. No matter how much theology somebody tries to scatter it away and push it to one side, put it in another day, if God's promise is true to there, He's true here. He promised it to be the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He is. And why is He doing it for some and not for others? Because some's believing and others are not. It's the only thing can be. Now, we're going to know that God is true.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**34** Now, watch this. Abraham had Sarah to get all the things ready to have their baby. He didn't know when it was going to come. God don't tell you just when your healing's going to come, but He promised to give it to you, see. He said now... Abraham said, "Now, when are we going to get this baby?" "Now, that's none of your business. You go on. I told you. That's all you have to do is know that I promised it, and I'm good as My Word." "Well," Abraham said, "Hallelujah, I believe," and away he goes, going around telling everybody he was going to have a baby, him and Sarah---him seventy-five and her sixty-five. Could you imagine it? Walk up to a doctor today. Old man take his sixty-five-year-old wife in and say, "Well, doc, I want to make arrangements for the hospital." Well, you know, they'd think he was crazy, and any man that'll take God at His Word is considered crazy to the world. It's foolishness to the world. But notice, Sarah believed it too, with Abraham.

**35** And they said, "Separate yourself." Oh, there's the time. That's what's so contrary to the world today. You know, the people want good mixers. When you call for your new pastor at the conference, you vote for some little jellybean (excuse that expression), but some little fellow that's a mixer. "Oh, he's kind of... He goes out. He takes swimming kids ... all the kids out swimming, and oh, he has sociable parties; and we have some dinners in the basement, and he always lets out early---don't speak over twenty minutes, so we can see the new Molly-Dolly on the television," and so forth like that. That's the kind you want. That's right. You want mixers, but God calls for separators. The Holy Ghost called for Paul and Barnabas to be separated. Oh, yes. You want some fellow that looks like a Hollywood movie star with locks like a girl and act the same way. You know, a lot of people look for those kind of people: collar turned around, a frock-tail coat on, a carnation, and, aw, you know what I mean.

```
Acts 13:2 As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.

```
**36** I went to hear a preacher here not long ago, and he changed suits twice while he was preaching. God... Oh, my. Look, friend, I'm just old-fashioned enough not to believe in this Hollywood revivalism going around today. I like the old-fashioned, backwoods, sky-blue, sin-killing religion that don't whitewash, but washes white, makes a man clean. That's right. We need back to the good old Saint Paul's revival and the Bible Holy Ghost again; not a supper room but an upper room. That's right. Back to the Bible.

**37** You know, man chooses after the eye. God chooses the heart. One time there was a man going to be anointed for king to take Saul's place. The prophet went up with a big gourd full of oil to anoint one of Jesse's children. Jesse being a man, he said, "Sure. I got the boy to do it. He's seven foot tall." "Bring him out." How nice he'd looked with that crown sitting on his head, his priestly robes and things around him. "Oh, he'll make a real king for Israel." Brought him out, and the prophet said, "All right. I will anoint him." Here he runs. God said, "I've refused him." He said, "Well, I got one just a little bit shorter than he is. Perhaps he'll be the one. Oh, he's straight shouldered and how he is." Said, "He's the one." Said, "I'll bring him out." Prophet said, "I'll anoint him." God said, "I've refused him." He went on till he got six of them out. God said, "I refused every one of them." He said, "Have you got another one?" Said, "Yes, a little old skinny, scrawny thing back yonder out herding the sheep." Said, "Go get him and..." Said, "My, surely God wouldn't make something like that." But He said, "I've chose him. Pour the oil on him." Amen. God looks at the heart. Amen.

```
1 Samuel 16:1 And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.

1 Samuel 16:6 And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the Lord's anointed is before him.

1 Samuel 16:7 But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.

1 Samuel 16:8 Then Jesse called Abinadab, and made him pass before Samuel. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.

1 Samuel 16:9 Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD chosen this.

1 Samuel 16:10 Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, The LORD hath not chosen these.

1 Samuel 16:11 And Samuel said unto Jesse, Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and, behold, he keepeth the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come hither.

1 Samuel 16:12 And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and withal of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he.

```
**38** Notice. Sarah got ready. They got everything ready and took a journey, separated themselves, called out. They were the church of the living God at that time. Church means "called out, the ones that's called out." And they sojourned as pilgrims and strangers, professing that they were pilgrims and strangers and was seeking a city whose Builder and Maker was God, not knowing where they were going, but by faith they went. Oh, isn't that beautiful? Oh, I just love His Word. These old nuggets, I like to... I'm a prospector: Like to dig down and get the nuggets, and polish them up, and hang them out there. Every one you find will point to Calvary. Yes.

```
Genesis 13:16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.

Hebrews 11:10 For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

```
**39** And here they go, this old man and his wife, his nephew, starting out across the country to be pilgrims and strangers. And as they went along, God met him. He said, "Now, Abraham, I'm going to make your seed like the dust of the earth." The first month passed. "Sarah, dear, is it all right?" "Nope. No different." "Oh, it isn't?" "No." Second month passed. "Sarah, what about it, dear?" "No different, Abraham." "Hallelujah, we're going to have it anyhow." Six months passed. "Sarah, you feel any different?" "No different at all." "Glory. We're going to have it anyhow." Why? God said so. That settles it. A year passed. "Sarah, how are you feeling now?" "No different." "Hallelujah! We're going to have it anyhow." The Bible said, instead of them getting weaker like we do, he got stronger, because it was more of a miracle when she was sixty-six than it would be when she was sixty-five. And she never had the baby till she was a hundred. Glory. He kept everything laying aside, because he knowed it was coming, rejoicing, looking for the day that God would fulfill His promise, and got stronger all the time.

```
Romans 4:20 He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

```
**40** Oh, if we're prayed for, and the next day we don't feel just exactly right, "Well, I'm Abraham's seed, but I just missed it, I guess." Oh, you poor excuse. Abraham's seed believes God, takes God at His promise, and calls those things which are not as though they were. Amen. Notice. They went on. God appeared to him, and He told him a what He was going to do, and after while, Abraham begin to get older. He got around about ninety, and he said, "Now, what about this, Lord? Am I going to have the baby right away?" "Now, Abraham, what you questioning Me about? Now, I told you you was going to have a baby. That settles it." "All right, Lord. Would You just let me look over the curtain once? I like to know how You're going to do it. You know, Lord, I'm not doubting Your Word, but I'd like to look over the curtain." Brother, how we all like to look over the curtain. You ever hear that song, "I Want To Look Past The Curtain Of Time"? Everybody wants to look over the curtain. You know God's so good to us. He said, "Then, come here, Abraham. I'll just let you peep over the curtain. I'll show you how I'm going to do it," see.

**41** So, He took him out there one afternoon. He said, "Now, I want you to go get me a she goat three years old. I want you to get me a heifer of three years old, and I want you to get me a ram of three years old, a turtledove, and a young pigeon. And Abraham went out and got them. Wish we had time to go in what they represented. But you notice, he cut the goat in two. He cut the heifer in two, and he cut the ram in two; but the turtledove and the young pigeon he never divided: 16th chapter of Genesis. He never divided those. Why? The turtledove and the pigeon represented divine healing. The dispensations of grace was changed (that's true) ... between law and grace and so forth, but healing always remained the same under every covenant, under every condition. Right.

```
Genesis 15:9 And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon.

Genesis 15:10 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.

```
**42** So, He said, "Cut them." And he cut them in two, and he laid one against the other. And now, He said, "Abraham, I want to show you, My child (just ninety), I want to show you just how I'm going to do this now." Now, Abraham said, "I want to see, Lord." Now, the first thing the Bible says that God caused a deep sleep to come upon Abraham, a deep sleep. "Abraham, I'm going to show you, that you ain't got nothing to do with this. I'm going to do it Myself." The job's going to be right when He does it. Yes, brother, that's where I rest, right there. God said so. I'm not saved tonight because I feel like it. I'm not saved by feelings. I'm saved because I believed it and met the conditions the Bible required. The devil can beat you around the stump. Tomorrow morning you may get up with a headache and feel like you's a million miles away, but God's grace holds tight. Yes, sir. Yes, sir, not what you feel but what you believe. Jesus never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" And that's right. The difference, quite a difference: not by feelings but by faith.

```
Genesis 15:10 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.

Genesis 15:12 And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.

```
**43** And Abraham, God took him and put him to sleep. Now, showing... "Abraham, I'm going to take you out of the picture. There's nothing you can do about it. I'm going to do it Myself. I'm going to show you how I'm going to do it, Abraham." So, He put Abraham asleep, and when Abraham fell asleep. He'd kept the birds off until the sun went down, off the carcasses of the dead animals. And then when Abraham went to sleep, the first thing appeared before him was a horrible blackness: Death that comes to every man: separation, can't see where you're going. Death is due to every unregenerated man. Death is the first to the human race, because of transgression of God's Word. And then after that he saw a smoking, burning furnace. Every sinner deserves to go to hell. Every human being should go to hell. Right. First death, after death, hell: that's what He promised. But notice, next he saw a little light come up---a little light. Oh, my. This little light went up and went in between these pieces of flesh, moving back and forth between them. Abraham, being a prophet, knew what that meant. God was showing him what He was going to do at Calvary. He was letting him look over the curtain and see Calvary yonder. Through the seed of Abraham, through Isaac would come out Christ and what the sacrifice to be paid.

```
Genesis 15:11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them away.

Genesis 15:12 And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.

```
**44** Now, let's write it in a oriental language so we can understand it. Today, if Brother Jeffries and I would make a covenant with one another, well, I'd take a hold of his hand. I'd say, "Shake on it, Brother Jeffries." That's a covenant in America. We make a covenant with one another; we shake one another's hands, right hand of fellowship. "Come on into the church, brother." That's a right hand. That's a covenant. In China ... or, Japan, rather, down there when you make a covenant, you make a covenant between one another, and then you get a little cruise of salt, and you stand and throw salt on one another. That's a covenant in Japan.

**45** But in the Orient in them days when you made a covenant, here's what you did: You take an agreement, and you wrote it up, whatever your agreement was. All right. And then you walked over and killed an animal, and you cut that animal in two. And you stood between these two pieces of dead flesh, and you swore to each other that if you broke this covenant, let your body be as this dead animal. And you've taken this covenant and tore it apart. One man took one piece, and one took another piece, and when this covenant was confirmed, when it come together, both pieces had to come exactly the same, letter by letter. And your vow was that if you didn't do it, let you become as this dead animal that died to confirm this covenant. You see it? Then what did God do? At Calvary He took Christ Jesus, His Son, and put Him on the cross, and He tore Him in two. He rent the soul from the body. And He took the body up into heaven and sent back the Holy Ghost to the church: that on that day, the same Spirit that was upon Christ Jesus has to be in His church to dovetail one with the other on that day. And God swore by Himself that He'd raise that church up, a glorious church. How can it fail? That's God's everlasting eternal Covenant He swore by Himself. He'll keep His promise. Amen. Oh, I hope you see it.

**46** How can you fail? I can fail. No more it isn't whether I fail; it's whether He failed. And He didn't fail, and God confirmed it by raising Him up from the dead. And today the same Holy Ghost that was upon Christ Jesus is in the church writing the same covenant that He did back yonder, and doing the same thing that He did back there. And the church believes on Him, and the unbeliever disbelieves Him, and calls Him Beelzebub, and devils, and so forth, like they did back there. There's the difference between the covenant people and the people that hasn't the covenant. Christ died, and He come a man. He took our sins upon Himself, and went there, and was nailed to the cross, and His soul was rent from Him and cast into hell, and God raised Him up on the third day for our justification and sent the Holy Ghost back to us, and the glorified body of His Son sitting on His throne in heaven. Watch what a type it is there.

```
Romans 4:25 Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.

```
**47** In Egypt when the poor Jews were all beat... Joseph being a type of Christ born to be a seer. He saw visions. He was hated of his brothers, loved of his father. He couldn't help because he saw visions. He was a spiritual boy; God made him that way. And the father loved him. But his brothers hated him---a type of the church today. The carnal thinking Christian hates the spiritual things, hates the phenomenal, hates the spiritual of borned again, hates the great move of God, hate it without a cause. That's right. Don't unchristianize them, but they hate... Always the natural hates the supernatural. Amen. Now, watch, and he was sold for thirty pieces of silver ... almost thirty pieces like Christ was, and was throwed into a ditch supposing to be dead, taken up and set at the right hand of the greatest city and the commercial city in the world. And when he went forth, every man bowed the knee to Joseph. And no man could come to Pharaoh except by Joseph; and no man can come to God except by Christ, and every knee shall bow and every tongue confess to Him. And when he was in his prison there, the butcher and the butler... One was lost and one was saved, just exactly like on the cross: one lost, and one saved.

```
Genesis 37:4 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.

Genesis 37:8 And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.

Genesis 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.

Genesis 40:1 And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.

Genesis 40:2 And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.

Genesis 40:3 And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.

Genesis 40:21 And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand:

Genesis 40:22 But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.

Genesis 41:43 And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.

Genesis 41:44 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.

Matthew 26:15 And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.

Luke 23:39 And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.

Luke 23:40 But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?

Luke 23:41 And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.

Luke 23:42 And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.

Luke 23:43 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.

John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

Romans 14:11 For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.

```
**48** And then he left his body for a memorial. He said, "Don't bury me." I'm supposed to put my hands on that old lead casket he laid in (supposing to been) in a museum in England here not long ago. And his bones laid there. He said, "Don't take my bones out until you go out of here." For he believed that God would visit the people like He said. He was Abraham's seed, so he took God at His promise. And every man, Jew, with his back beaten from the cat-o-nine-tails and the switches and the rods of Egypt, would pass by and look at that body of Joseph and say, "Someday we're going home." That's right. And today we can look at our Joseph, a empty tomb when we bury our loved ones and say, "Someday we're going home." And when we get there... We were born for this earth. We'll never be angels. God never made us angels. He made us men and women. We'll always be that. We'll have a celestial body there.

```
Genesis 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

```
**49** It doesn't appear yet what kind of a body we'll have when we're there, but we won't be able to eat and drink and sleep like I do here, but it'll be a body, but not the resurrected glorified body. And the souls under the altar were crying, "Lord, how long?" And every time they were under the altar and looked up there, there was an actual glorified, resurrected Lord Jesus sitting there representing that some day He will move off of His throne there, coming to the earth, and everyone that's dead in Christ will come with Him and receive a body like His own glorious body. We'll see Him as He is. Oh, Bible ties together, one big, beautiful picture.

```
Philippians 3:21 Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.

1 John 3:2 Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.

Revelation 6:10 And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?

```
**50** Said, "Abraham, that's what I'm going to do. That's how I'm going to do it." And he walked out. Now, look. He said, "Now, Abraham, number the stars of heaven if you can. They're without number." Here some time ago I stood at Mt. Wilson out there where you could see through this big observatory, big glass, see a hundred and twenty million years of light space. Why, how many nines would that take to break it down in miles? A hundred and twenty million years of light space, and beyond that was still moons and stars, and on and on, the great solar system. And I stood there amazed. I said, "Think of it. My heavenly Father just, 'Whew.' Blowed them off His hand like that, put them into a place, and they obey Him." He was big enough to do that and came little enough to save me. He became me that I could become Him. Christ became a sinner, that through His poverty we might receive His riches as to be sons and daughters of God. Amen. Wouldn't that make a Methodist shout, almost, to think of that? Sure it would. Think of it. It's not a fictitious story. It's not Santa Claus. It's God's eternal Holy Bible, and it's just as true as we're sitting here.

```
Genesis 15:5 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be.

```
**51** Notice. He said... Now, watch, in Genesis 13, He said, "Your seed is like the dust." After He give him the promise, and was going to confirm the promise, He said, "Your seed is like the stars." From the dust to the stars. Oh, do you see it? The resurrection, from the dust to the stars (Amen.), from a mossy, slimy, glittery dust till the shining star. And what's ahead of the stars, the greatest: the Morning Star, which was Christ, the first fruits of those who slept. Hallelujah! Look at what a little forty years has done for me. Getting old man, stooped shouldered, wrinkled face, bald-headed, but, oh, my! The morning star hasn't lost one glitter since the day that God placed it in the sky, and the Bible said we'll outshine the stars someday, forever and forever. What you scared about? God promised and swore to it by the death of Christ He would do it. And He called you by sovereign grace and elected you before the foundation of the world. Amen.

```
Genesis 13:16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.

Daniel 12:3 And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.

```
**52** Why was Christ called the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world? God, in the beginning, when He saw what Satan had done: had perverted what He had made good. Satan can't create, you know. Satan is... Everything that Satan's got, he perverted something that belonged to God. That's right. He perverted, and when He saw what he had done, God first begin to think. Oh, my. That's when He saw you. That's when He saw me. Amen. Now, the Bible said, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Now, as long... What is a word? A word is a thought expressed. So then as long as it was a thought, it wasn't materialized. It couldn't be yet. But when God once expressed it, it was as good as finished right then. Oh, my. That would make Pentecost shout. Think of it. God, before the foundation of the world, saw you. You wasn't there, but you was in His mind. He saw it. Therefore, foreknowledge ... He could foretell. That's the reason He likened His prophets to eagles. They go way up to see the sunlight before it ever gets there, see. Oh, my, isn't He wonderful? Don't you love Him? All by grace! Not because you deserve it; because He said so. He called you. You never called Him. He called you. Oh, how could you turn it down?

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

Ephesians 1:4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:

Ephesians 2:8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:

Revelation 5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.

Revelation 5:12 Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.

Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**53** Think of it. There'll be a time when one of these days your... When this old world is struck by the atomic power, she's laying out yonder, turning around in space; and the howling, hot sands of the blast when she's throwed into the sun this time... First time it was throwed away from the sun which caused the water---the heat through the cold. And this time it'll be throwed into the sun and all bursted up and blowed over, and the wind will howl, and your tombstone may shine up through the sand, but you'll be somewhere. But think, by the sovereign grace of God He's give you the opportunity to come to Him. Think of it. No wonder... When oceans has wept theirself into deserts, He'll still the loving God. When the moon and stars will fail to shine, He'll still be God. He said, "The heavens and the earth, the solar system, the millions of years and light space will pass away, but My Word shall never pass away. When there's no more sea, no more desert, no more mountains, no more world, My Word will ever endure the same." The same Eternal, the One that made the promise... Who made the promise? He did. Not only promised it, but He swore by Himself, because there was no other higher to swear by. He swore by Himself that He'd keep it. Oh, my.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Hebrews 6:13 For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,

```
**54** Am I anchored away? Amen. Oh, hide my soul in the bosom of Abraham. Glory. Going to call me a holy-roller, anyhow, so you might as well get started right now. When I think of it. As the poet said on that morning, one of these days when He returns, my, I can see Adam wake up and shake his head, shake Eve and say, "Honey, wake up. It's here." Eve reached over and got a hold of Seth, and said, "Seth, come on." Seth got a hold of Noah. Noah got a hold of Abraham. Abraham got a hold of Isaac. Isaac... Jacob. Why, they just keep shaking one another as they come right on down. He's coming. God promised it. Every word is true: every word, every line, every chapter, every verse. "All heavens and earth will pass away, but My Word shall never pass away." God said that. That makes it right. That makes it right when He said so.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**55** I can see Abraham standing there looking up towards the heavens, looking down towards the earth. "Lord, You said it. I believe it." Here he starts on, grabs that old cane, and goes back in the tent, and says "Sarah, we're going to have him anyhow." Amen. Just a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Let me look a past the curtain of time. He'll confirm it. That's right. He's doing it. He does it each time. He'll do it here tonight. He's right here now. Abraham, then, become ninety and nine years old---twenty-five years after the promise was given him---still strong. Amen. Why, Sarah's womb was dead. Abraham was dead. His seed was dead within him, but not God's Word. No matter how dead you are, as long as that Word's in there, there's life. Can you take it tonight? Can you receive the Word? "I'm the Lord that heals all thy diseases. Look to Me all the ends of the earth and be healed. (Amen.) He was wounded for our transgressions, and with His stripes we were healed." See, God promised it. Jesus said, "The things that I do, shall you do also. I'll make Myself known to every generation to the end of the world. I'll be with you, even in you. The same things that I do, you'll do also." More than this because the revival is all the way around the world right now, the fire burning on every hill. Hallelujah. It's a universal affair now. It's not only in Charlotte, it's the world over. God sending forth angels to gather the elect from the four winds of the earth. Abraham's seed's got to come. Amen. Oh, don't you feel real good when the Holy Ghost is here?

```
Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**56** Abraham just bathed himself in the beauty of God. I can hear Him say, "Come here, Abraham." Genesis 17 now. And God appeared to him in the name of El Shaddai, the Almighty. El Shaddai, the word, the Hebrew word which really means "breast (I'm your brother now.), like the woman's breast that nurses the baby." In other words, "Abraham, you know how I'm going to do this? You know, you're old. You're a hundred years old, and Sarah's ninety; but I am the breasted One, the breasted God. Now, Abraham, I know you're old, but I'm the breasted One. Now, only thing you do is just lean right up against My Word and nurse from Me all your strength like a little baby." You take a little baby when it's sick and fretting. It'll lay against its mother, and it'll nurse life from the mother. And not only when it's nursing, it quits fretting. You get it? He quits fretting, and he's satisfied. He just lays against his mother and starts nursing. That's all. As long as mama's got her arms around baby, and he's a nursing from mama, he's pretty well satisfied. And all the time he's nursing, he's putting vitamins into him that's building him up. And a man, no matter how sick you are, how old you are, how stooped you are in sin, lean against the breasted God and go to nursing; and spiritual vitamins will have you shouting, and praising God, and running down the aisles after a while, satisfied as you can be. That's right. He's got all the calories you need.

**57** Notice. Not only was He a breast, but breasted, not one breast but two breasts, the breasted One, the all-sufficient One, Almighty One, all powerful One. He had two breasts: One was for the healing of your soul, and the other was for the healing of your body. "He was wounded for our transgressions; with his stripes we were healed." Amen. Oh, I'm so glad tonight to know that I know Him in the power of His resurrection by His grace when He calls from the dead. Oh, my. ... way with my text ... or, getting to it, rather. We'll start there tomorrow night. Let's just leave it go. It's time for healing service. I didn't realize. I didn't think it was nine o'clock yet; it's time to close. Do you love Him? Oh, as the poet said: Oh, I want to see Him, look upon His face, There to sing forever of His saving grace; On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice; Cares all past, home at last, ever to rejoice.

**58** How beautiful, how wonderful to rest upon His promise. Just trust Him. He gave the promise, "The things that I do, shall you also. A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet you'll see Me; for I will be with you, in you (all where you're gathered together) unto the end of the world." What a beautiful promise. Here some time ago, there was a slave buyer come through the south when they had slavery. They were buying slaves like they do cars today. And many of the slaves had come away from their homes. They were beaten and everything. They didn't want to work. They knowed they'd never go back home. The Boers brought them from Africa and sold them here for slaves, and they were disheartened. Maybe mother and dad over there, and the children here, and separated here and there, never see one another again. They didn't work very good. They had to make them work with whips. But they'd come by and a man would kind of, in a commercial way, would come along and buy up a big bunch of slaves at a cheap price, take them over and sell them on another plantation, make some money on them---brokers.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**59** So, one day there was a broker come up to a certain plantation and... I don't know why I'm telling this. But anyhow when he come up to this plantation, he noticed all the slaves and them having to whip them. But one young man, oh, he was gallant, chin out and his shoulders back, just snappy. He'd go do anything they wanted him to do. So, the broker said to the plantation owner, "I'd like to buy that slave." Said, "He's not for sale." Said, "Why?" Said, "What makes him that way, so gallant?" Said, "I noticed him, 'Yes, suh.' Right at the job any time, head up, gallant man." Said, "I'll give you a double price what I give for an ordinary slave." Said, "You couldn't buy him for five prices." Said, "He's not for sale." He said, "Well, why?" Said, "Is he the boss over the rest of them?" He said, "No, sir." Said, "Do you feed him any different?" Said, "No, sir. They all eat out here in the galley together." Said, "They all eat the same, and they're all ... they're just the same. He's just a slave." He said, "What makes him so much different from the rest of them?" He said, "Well, I didn't know that myself, till one day I found out that his father is the king of the tribe, and though he's away from home, he keeps himself up to keep the morale of the rest of them built up." Said, "He knows that he's a king's son."

**60** Oh, brother. I don't care what some of this little overnight preaching does. Brother, stick your chin up; we're sons and daughters of God. We may be alienated here, but our Father is a King. Believe God. Don't matter what comes or goes, conduct yourself like sons and daughters of God. You women, wash the paint off your face, let your hair grow out again. You men, throw that cigar out of your mouth, and go out here, and act like sons and daughters of God. Quit all this here wishy-washy, dabbling around about the place and conduct yourself like sons and daughters of the King. Shall we pray.

**61** Our heavenly Father, so glad tonight to know that we're children of the heavenly King. It does not yet appear what we shall be in the end, but we know we'll have a body like His glorious body for we shall see Him as He is, free from sickness, free from sin, free from worry, free from toils, sit down at His feet, home again, mama and papa, everybody around. Dear God, I pray tonight that You'll save the lost. Maybe some good Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian's backslid, Pentecostal, Pilgrim Holiness, someone here who's got away from God. O Father, we pray tonight You'll bring them back home. That poor lost son and daughter of God here, that's never yet accepted You, You've knocked at their door. You're not willing that any should perish, but that all might come to repentance; and You have called and called, and they won't answer. May tonight, may they give that one, "Yes, Lord, now I come. I believe. Upon the Word of the Lord, I accept Christ as my Saviour."

**62** While we have our heads bowed and everybody in prayer, I wonder, down here on the bottom floor, if there'd be someone would raise your hand and by this say, "Brother Branham, I just want God to see my hand, that I know I'm wrong, and I want to be right with God." We have no way of making an altar call to bring you up around to pray, but I'd just like if, while everybody's praying, every eye closed, if... Christians, especially, pray at this moment. Will you just raise your hands, sinner friend, say, "God be merciful to me?" Would you do it, anyone? God bless you, sir. God bless you, lady. God bless you, sir. God bless you. That's good. You might've done a lot of great things in your life, but that's the greatest thing you've done.

**63** Up in the balcony, on the side rows here, in the box seats, is there anyone that would raise your hand? God bless you up there, sir. I see you. Someone else? Just to Christ now, you're not putting your hand up to me. It's to Christ. God knows your heart. He's speaking to you, and if He's speaking, then raise your hand, say, "Yes, Lord. I've been wrong. I was chose to be Abraham's seed. You called me, called me now. I never have accepted You yet, but now I'm going to do it right now. I'm going to raise up my hand, say, 'God, be merciful to me a sinner.' And from this night, henceforth, I'm going to try my best, God, with Your help to live a different life from tonight on." Would one more put up their hand anywhere that has not put up their hand yet? See, you say, "Brother Branham, what does that mean, if they put up their hand?" Jesus said these words solemnly. Let me repeat it to you: first, "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him, and all that My Father has given Me will come to Me."

```
John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**64** What if you were predestinated or predestined by foreknowledge to never receive Christ? You know that's so. The Bible said that men of old was foreordained to this condemnation to turn the grace of God into lasciviousness (Jude the 4th verse). Yes, what if that was you that God never did speak to your heart? What if that was you, sinner, and when you go out of this church tonight walking down the street yonder, and drop over dead? What if they call the doctor, and he comes and says, "Well, there's nothing to do, mother, or dad, or whoever it is. They're gone." God bless you, sir. I'm not frightening you. I'm only stating facts. I don't know that you're... You're going to do that sometime. So, He may never... "My Spirit will not always strive with man." So, why not just now lift your hand? Say, "Will He save me if I do that?" He promised to.

```
Genesis 6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.

Jude 1:4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**65** Listen at me quote Scripture now. Saint John 5:24. Think of a handful and two dozen of eggs. Read it when you get home. "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me hath (right now, present tense) eternal life, and shall never come into judgment, but has passed from death to life." What does it mean to raise your hand with a true heart behind it? It means you've passed from death to life. "He that heareth My words and..." Friend, as clear as I knowed how to type it tonight, I've brought it to you. I don't know; it might not have been just polished up; but you know it's truth anyhow. It's from the Word. And you heard it, and you believe it, and believe on Christ, and raise your hand, say, "I believe that story." God's obligated to take you. God bless you. That's right. Someone else, just before closing, would you do it?

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**66** See, I'm trying to find all the grace with God that... I see your hand, sir. You were weeping there with your hand up. God bless you. You pass from death to life when you put your hand up, sonny boy. You'll pass right out of death to life. That's what God said. His words can't fail. All the stars will fail. All the earth will fail, but His Word won't; and none other said it but Jehovah, in flesh, Emmanuel. "He that heareth My words, believeth on Him that sent He hath (right now) everlasting life, shall never perish or even come to the judgment, but's already passed from death to life." Just feel constrained to say once more before closing. Just feel that there's one more here somehow. I hope you don't class me a fanatic, but who is that that's holding back just now that's pressing my heart so, that would just raise your hand, say, "It's me, Brother Branham, I want to receive Christ just now as my Sav..." God bless you, lady. That's fine. The Lord be gracious to you.

```
Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**67** Now, heavenly Father, knowing that Thy Word is true, feeling the Angel of the Lord, the Holy Spirit here now tugging at my heart, knowing that in a few moments, God must be glorified or the black flags of hell would raise. Now, the angels have triumphed, souls has come to the Christ. Father, Thou knowest our hearts. All these that raised their hands, I now---as acting as a priest between the living and dead---I now commend them unto Thee, Lord, and commit them to Thee, and ask that in Thy Holy name, the Lord Jesus, that You'll confirm Your promise to each one; and now give them the baptism of the Holy Spirit in their hearts. For Thou has said, "He that heareth My Word, believeth on Him that sent Me, hath (right now) everlasting life." Thank you, Father, for them. May they be baptized with the Holy Ghost into the church now ---the church of the Firstborn---become members of some good group somewhere, full Gospel preaching somewhere. Grant it, Father. We'll see them at the day of the judgment if not before. Now, let Thy mercy and grace rest upon us all, through Jesus, Thy holy child, we ask it. Amen.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**68** I just love that song "Only Believe." How many knows who wrote it? My buddy, Paul Rader, Baptist preacher. I didn't say he was Baptist. He is kind of like I am, I guess, kind of a little Calvinist. Did you ever hear of his last words when he was dying in California? He and Luke stayed together, like my boy and I stay together---his brother. Luke just died recently. Paul got out there, and he got him all tied up with a big bunch of formal religions, and things, and he was a Gospel preacher. He was dying, laying in the hospital, and he said, "Where's Luke?" First, Moody Bible sent down the little quartet there to sing for him, and they had his curtains all down at the windows and things. He said, "Who's dying, me or you?" Said, "Raise up them curtains and sing me some snappy Gospel songs." He had a kind of a sense of humor. They began to sing "Down at the Cross Where My Saviour Died." He said, "That sounds better." Said, "Where's Luke?" Luke couldn't stand to see his brother die, he was over in the other room. Said, "Tell him to come here." Come over, took a hold of Luke's hand, looked up at him, said, "Luke, think of it: In five minutes from now, I will be standing in the Presence of Jesus Christ, clothed in His righteousness," squeezed his brother's hands and went to meet God. Lives of great men all remind us We can make our lives sublime, Partings leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time. Footprints, that perhaps another, Sailing o'er life's solemn main, For forlorn and shipwrecked brother, Seeing shall take heart again.

**69** That's right. Oh, I'm so happy tonight, souls came to Christ. Now, we'll have a little prayer line, or did the boys... Did you give out prayer cards? Is prayer cards give out? Yeah. All right. Oh, yes, give a hundred out last night. What was that? What letters was that? L's. All right. I believe we called. What did we call... From 1 last night, didn't we? We called from number 1. Let's go somewhere else and call some from out of there tonight. Let's call from 50. Who has prayer card number 50? Raise up your hand. Prayer card 50? Is it that man? Stand right up over here, sir. Let's call 51. Who has prayer... 51. All right. Who has 52? Prayer card 52? Have you, young lady? Prayer card 53? Would you raise your hand? 53? 54? All right. 54, you, sir? 55? 56? 57? 58? 59? 60? Billy, get some ushers, and come over here, so you can keep the line straightened out, will you? Gene or... Are you're on the recording? Brother Wood, would you come, and give us some help, or some of you? All right.

**70** Now, while they're lining up, let me get ... let me talk to you just a moment. Now, you that have to go for the next fifteen or twenty minutes, I wish you'd do it now, so you won't disturb. See, each one of you is a soul, and when you be get in contact with the Spirit... Let me ask you something. To give you a letter that was given me. I opened it up... And the woman may be here right now. If she is, I want her to raise her hand. Is there a place called Big Mountain, or Kings Mountain, or some kind of a place like that? What is it? Kings Mountain. That's where she's from. I just got the letter. She was down ... come to the meeting down at Spindale. She wrote me a letter. She said, "Reverend Branham, I read your book," and said... What is it? "I read your book," and said, "I was so amazed that I said, 'I'm going to write to Brother Branham and have him to pray over a prayer cloth, if I knowed where he was at.'" Said, "I'll just send it to Jeffersonville and have him to send it." Because she was crippled and had cancer in the bowels, and she said, "I just got through reading it."

**71** Her husband, I believe, had been a minister or something and said... And I believe she'd been a teacher, or Sunday School teacher, or something; and she was lying back a resting and thinking, "Now, I'll just send to Brother Branham and have him to send me anointed cloth to lay on me." Said, "I believe the man is telling the truth." And said, "The phone rang, and I picked up the phone" and said, "A friend of mine called me and said, 'Do you want to go to church tonight?'" She said, "No, dear. I can't go. I'm too tired and weary," and said, "I'm all crippled up and everything." Said, "Well, I just thought that up at Spindale they're having a meeting," said, "Brother Branham is speaking up there." She said, "What?" Said her heart began... Said, "I just read his book." Said, "Come, get me." And they brought her in, and she said that I was in the service and said, that she just sat down on the front somewhere, and said, all at once... Now, I don't know this; that's her testimony. I haven't run those tapes. You might know it, Gene, if you got the tapes. I forget what the woman's name is. I've got the letter. I can bring it tomorrow night if she isn't here now.

**72** And said that she was sitting there. And said she begin to see the way the Holy Spirit was moving just exactly like the Bible said and like my book had said it did. And so she said, "Lord, that is truth. That's just the way I read it in the Bible, and that's the way I read it in the book, and here it is right before me." She said, "God, I believe." And said she'd no more got that out of her mouth, and said I turned and looked at her, I believe, told her who she was or something, and told her what had happened to her, and how long she'd been crippled, and all about it, and said, "Now, lady, thus saith the Lord, get up, leave your crutches there, and go on home. You're healed." And she said, "Brother Branham, I haven't even got even a symptom of cancer or anything." Said, "I'm perfectly normal and well." Is the lady in the meeting? Would you raise your hand if she's here? She sent me a handkerchief today for some friend of hers way away that's got some disease or something that wants to be prayed for.

**73** All right. How many have we got down there? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Where's... 50 was it? 50 to 60? All right. Have 61, 62, 63, 64, 65... Maybe we can get to some more. I hate to stop right while I'm getting them a praying and the anointing strikes. I just get out of it. It doesn't matter how many or anything stands. It's just the idea of how many I can get to. You can watch, brother preacher, and if I get a past these, then I will let you know and then you give it. All right. I want to look at the audience here. Each one of you look to me. We're all strangers to one another, are we, you that's in the prayer line? If you are, raise your hands. Is everybody in here strangers to me? I'm a stranger. All right. How many in here doesn't have a prayer card and wants the Lord Jesus to heal you tonight? Raise your hands to Him anywhere you are. All right. Have faith now. Just believe. That's all you have to do. Have faith. Now, look this way.

**74** Now, in the Bible ... for the sake of those who was here for your first time. In the Bible Jesus Christ never claimed to be a healer. How many knows that say, "Amen." He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works. It's My Father that dwelleth in Me." Is that right? He passed through crippled, afflicted, blind people, wouldn't heal them, went over and healed a man laying on a pallet, because the Father had showed Him that. He said so. He knew the man was there, and then in Saint John the 19th chapter ... or, the 19th verse of the 5th chapter, He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can't do nothing in Himself till He sees the Father do it first." How many's read that? Let's see your hands. Now, that's enough Scripture to prove it, see. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, couldn't lie. If He does, He wasn't the Son of God. So, He said, "I do nothing in Myself until the Father shows Me by a vision first what to do. Verily, verily (That's absolutely, absolutely,) I say unto you: I can do nothing in myself, but what I see the Father doing." Is that true? Then He never performed one miracle until the Father showed Him. It's by vision.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**75** A woman touched His garment one time, got healed. He said, "I never done that." She touched His garment and run out in the crowd, and sat down, stood up whatever she was. He said, "Who touched Me?" She said, "I didn't." Nobody... Everybody said, "No, not me." He said, "Somebody touched Me, now, because virtue went out." Peter said, "The whole crowd's a touching You. Why say, 'Who touched Me?'" He said, "But I got weak." And He looked around till He found the woman, and He said... She had a blood issue. He said, "Thy faith ... thy faith hath healed thee." Is that right? No. "Thy faith hath saved thee." Well, the same word saved is "healed" every time in the Bible. The Greek word is Sozo. Is that right? Sozo. Physically or spiritually, the same word: "Thy faith has saved thee," see.

```
Matthew 9:27 And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:28 For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**76** Touched some blind man's eyes as they followed Him. "Lord, have mercy on us." He didn't have no vision. He just went on, went in the house, and they come to Him. "Lord, have mercy." He touched their eyes and said, "Now, according to your faith, be it unto you." No vision (See?), just as the Father showed Him. All right. Now, if Jesus will arise here tonight... I claim that He's the same. He said, "These things that I do, shall you also." Is that right? Greater... The word really isn't to our translation, not greater but more. You couldn't do greater in quality. He healed the sick, raised the dead, stopped nature, done everything, see. So, you couldn't do nothing but in quantity. "More than this shall you do, for I go to My Father. A little while, and the world won't see Me no more. Yet you shall see Me, for I will be with you, in you, to the end of the world." Now, if He's raised from the dead, He's got to act the same way---the same God, the same person, the same power, the same visions, everything---just exactly like He did it the first time. If He didn't, why, then His Words are wrong. That's a statement.

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Matthew 9:29 Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.

Matthew 20:30 And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Matthew 20:34 So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**77** Where would you find it in the world today? But Christ is obligated to His Word. He's got to keep His Word. He kept it with Abraham. He's got to keep it with Abraham's seed. He's got to do it. He has to present it, then it's whatever you think about it determines what you get. But He's obligated to at least one time present it to you, so that you'll be without an excuse at that day.

**78** Oh, I feel in my heart. Wait till some time God sends me to Palestine. The Jews look for that. They read the New Testament---them that come up out of Iran. They begin to read it. They said, "You mean Messiah's been here." "Yes, He's dead and raised again." He said, "Let us see Him do the sign of the prophet and we will believe it." I like to see them---call them out like this here, thousands. Say, "Now, you accept the Messiah, then," and on the same grounds where the Holy Ghost poured out the first time, God will pour it out again on the Jews. Then the Gentiles are finished. You know that. They'll trod the walls of Jerusalem down until the Gentiles be finished. When the Jews get the Holy Ghost, and receives the Gospel, and starts, they'll missionary the world. They'll take it where the Gentiles didn't even think of going. That's right. They're just waiting. It's your day of grace. Come in while you can. I was within a hundred to two miles of it just recently, was going right on my ticket up there, and I walked out on the ramp and the Holy Spirit said, "Not yet. Turn this other way, and go up towards India." And I did, see. He wouldn't let me go, because it's just not seasonable. But someday God will let me do it. I believe it. I want to see it with all my heart.

**79** Now, I'm going to ask you all to be reverent, just as reverent as you can. You say, "Brother Branham, what you talking about? You're stalling." I am. Exactly. I'm waiting for that Angel of the Lord to come. That's exactly right. I don't know none of you, and how could I do anything. I can't. It's Him. I can't do it, even when He comes, unless your faith operates it. It's not me. I can't see visions unless... It's your faith that does it. Sure. God's will, by a divine gift... Only thing I do is just keep yielding myself, and as I get myself completely yielded to the Holy Spirit, then He starts talking. It's not me. He's using my voice, but it's not me. It's Him, see. That's just the Scripture exactly. All right. Is this the man? All right. I just... Yet I'm waiting for Him to come. Now, I want you all to just keep your seats. Be real reverent. Now, at this time through Jesus Christ's name, I take this group of people under my control for the glory of God and every spirit in here to be subject to the Holy Spirit.

**80** Now, the man who stands before me is a perfect stranger to me. Is that right, sir? We are strangers to each other? Never seen me before in life. Well, then that's... You just come... You heard of me but never saw me. Then you just come in here, and somebody give you a prayer card either last night or tonight and here you are. You just happen to be... You was the first one called on the platform. That's right. It was given to you tonight, and you was called on the platform tonight. Well, that's mighty fine to get a prayer card the first night and be called to the platform. Must be it's God's will for it then. I don't know. I've knowed people following for months and months and never get a prayer card to be called. So, it just sovereignly works that way.

**81** Now, kind sir, you and I probably was born years apart, and miles apart, and our first time meeting, but yet if the Holy Spirit of God could tell to me like He did through Christ at the woman at the well, or when He knowed where the fish was that had the coin in its mouth, or different things like that. How He said to Nathanael, when Nathanael was found by Philip and brought him to Jesus first of His ministry... Nathanael got saved, and he went and found ... or, Philip got saved, rather, and went and found Nathanael, oh, fifteen miles or more around the mountain. And he brought him back. He said, "Come, see who we found, Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph." He said, "Could there be any good thing come out of Nazareth?" He said, "Come and see." So, when he come, he walked up in the line (like you're standing now) by the side of the Lord Jesus, and He said to him, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there's no guile." Now, this fellow was a real Orthodox Jew. He belonged to the Sanhedrin. He belonged to the church. He was everything staunched in religion. So, how could this man, Jesus, know that he was a Christian (or, a believer, we'd call it), then, when he could've been a critic or anything else, but how did He know it? And he said to Him, "Rabbi (or teacher), whence knowest Thou Me?" And Jesus said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree (fifteen miles away), I saw you when you were under the tree."

```
Matthew 17:27 Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.

John 1:45 Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.

John 1:46 And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

```
**82** The Jews turned around and said, "That's the devil. That's Beelzebub. He's the chief of the fortunetellers." Jesus said, "I'll forgive you for that, but when the Holy Ghost is come and does the same thing and you say that, it'll never be forgiven in this world or the world to come," because He predicted the Holy Ghost would do the same thing He did. And He is the Holy Ghost, Christ in spiritual form. But what did this believer say? He said, "Thou art the Son of God, the King of Israel." Now, if He's raised from the dead, He's obligated to His Word if He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right? And that's why I'm carrying this conversation with you. The man standing here with his eyes closed, but I'm carrying the conversation. Why? Contacting his spirit; exactly like Jesus did the woman at the well, at other places and so forth. That's right.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**83** Now, if the Lord Jesus will let me know what your trouble is, will you believe that it's Him standing here and not your brother? You believe it's Jesus that's telling that? Would that be your attitude towards Him? If it would, would you raise your hand? All right, sir. All right. It would be. Now, may the Lord grant it. Will the rest of you believe with all your heart, everywhere? Now, get all the doubt away from you. More doubt you get combed out, greater God can work with you. Remember, it is not me: Christ in a form of the Holy Spirit that's here now. I believe that He will let me know this man's trouble, the same as He let Christ know the woman's trouble that was standing at the well. Now, the man can be judge of that. If he knows what was in his life, surely He'd know what was in the future. So, He would know how to do.

**84** Now, I... Now, believe that Christ the Son of God, that we are becoming yielded to His Spirit, and the man is aware that something is going on. It started right then with him, because standing between me and him stands that light, the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. He's conscious of it. If that's right, sir, raise up your hand. That's right. The man's suffering with an extreme nervousness. He's all shook up and bothered about something. That's right, and he's suffering with a heart condition. That is true. He's got a rupture, and that is true. That's true. If that's right, raise up your hand, sir. You believe? Now, look here at me just a minute, sir. You know whether that was true or not. That's true, isn't it? [The man says, "That's true."] Exactly. You believe me to be His servant, just a man, your brother, yielded to the Holy Ghost.

**85** Let me tell you something else. I see something happen. The man I see him fall, or fall backwards. He's just had a heart attack, and that heart attack come when it was hot weather. It's been about one, two, three, four or five, six or seven, through the winter, eight, nine. It was about last August, about... It was hot weather. You had a heart attack about nine months ago, something like that, and you're scared to death now that it's going to come back again, because you got a nervous heart. And brother, don't you believe that. That'll bring it on you. Refuse to believe that lie of the devil. When a man has a heart attack, he's stronger than he was at the first place. You believe with all your heart? Then go rejoicing, and praising God, and be over your trouble. Now, go and be happy and rejoice. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

**86** Nobody will never know the life that takes out of a person. Now, I can't tell you. Right now they's something about a man. I see him laying out somewhere and them doing something to him. It's the only thing I can remember right now. It's another world. Now, I want you to be real reverent. Watch this way. Believe. Don't believe me. Believe Him. Believe Him. Ask Him. Say, "Lord, if that's true..." You people out there that won't be called in the prayer line, say, "Lord, I'm not asking, 'If it's truth.' I believe it's truth, and if You'll just speak to me, it'll make me a great believer." Just do that one time. Now, the lady here. We're strangers to each other, lady. I never saw you in my life, but God knows you; I don't. There's a man up here beside of the woman. I don't know. Just a moment. Now, lady, I don't know you. I've never seen you, but one of these days you and I are going to stand in the Presence of Jesus Christ when He's in His glorified body and give an account. I want you to believe, and you'll know whether these things are true or not. You be the judge, see. You be the judge.

**87** Never seeing you and never knowing you, the first thing I know: that you're not from around here. You've come from somewhere else. That's right. You come from the south coming this a way (That's right.), down about Mississippi---down in the Southlands. And you're bothered with a disturbance. It's a mental disturbance. It's an oppression, and you're the wife of a minister, and your husband has got the same thing; and what's caused you to be this way is because of your husband. That's right, and you're having family trouble. Up right ready for a divorce, and your husband is kind of possessed. He's let Satan come in and take him over. That's right. Do you believe now? Is that true? Well, go on your road back rejoicing and be happy, and may the evil spirit go out and never bother again, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Have faith. Don't doubt. Unbelief is sin, unpardonable sin. Just believe. That's all He wants you to do. All right.

**88** I can see Him coming down, and the disciples standing there. They had power, but they didn't have faith to use it. How true that is with this group of people tonight. Jesus, ten days before, give them power to heal the sick and raise the dead, and here they was on the epileptic case and had failed. They couldn't do it. This father run and said, "Lord, I brought my son to Your disciples, and they couldn't do nothing for him." Said, "Can you help him?" He said, "I can if you believe, but it's up to you to believe." So, when the devil was gone from the boy, the disciples said, "Why couldn't we do it?" Said, "Because of your unbelief." Not the lack of power. This church has power enough tonight right in here this group of people to do anything, but you haven't got faith enough to do it. You just won't do it.

```
Matthew 17:16 And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.

Matthew 17:19 Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?

Matthew 17:20 And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Luke 9:40 And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not.

```
**89** You have faith enough to walk, sir. You have power enough if you had faith. You have power enough too, lady, in the cot, if you'd believe, but that's up to you, see. The finished work... I couldn't do nothing. If Christ was standing right here with this suit on, He couldn't do nothing for you. He's already done it. It's already finished at Calvary, see. He'd asked you, "Don't you believe that I did it then?" "Yes, Lord." Say then, "According to your faith, believe it. Act on it." That's all He can do. He can't... If you're redeemed... If something's in a pawn shop, and you've redeemed it, and got a receipt for it, how can you redeem it again? It's already paid for.

**90** Now, this young lady standing here, I suppose we being strange to each other, God in heaven knows our hearts. But I don't know you, and as far as I know I've never seen you in my life, but God knows us both. He knows all about us. Now, like the woman at the well, the very picture tonight again: here a woman and a man. Now, Jesus went in and sat down against the well. And the woman come out to get some water. He begin to talk to her. He said, "Bring Me a drink." She said, "It's not customary for you Jews to ask Samaritans such." Said, "Well, but if you knew who you were talking to, you'd ask Me for a drink and I'd give you water you don't come here to draw." She said, "The well's deep, and You haven't got nothing to draw with." And the conversation went on and on and on. After a while He found where her trouble was. He said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "That's right. You got five." She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet." She said, "We know that when Messiah cometh, He will tell us these things, all things, but who are You?" He said, "I'm He." That was the sign of the Messiah. Now, here we are after nineteen hundred and something years, again tonight here stands man and woman. Now, He said, "I do nothing till the Father shows Me. The things that I do, shall you also." Here's the man and woman, the Bible laying here, God's promise, the Holy Ghost here. Now, what's He going to do about it. He's got to keep His Word, lady. He has, and if I'm an honest man in my heart, I will tell you that everything you have need of... For you are a Christian. Your spirit feels welcome, and I know you're a Christian. Everything that you have need of was purchased at Calvary. The only thing that I can do is just to, maybe, be as a prophet, or... I don't like to say that name, that... As being able to see visions..., see. That staggers people too much, the reason I say that, see. They don't understand. Thank you. You believe that, then you can receive. God bless you.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

John 4:9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.

John 4:10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.

John 4:11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?

John 4:12 Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**91** The first thing that I see to the woman. She's got sinus trouble. It's a bothering her. It's exactly right. Headaches like in across through here---sinus. It bothers her. And I see you kneeling, praying. It's in a room. I hear you, what you're saying. You're asking a worthy thing. You're asking God to give you a child, a baby. You're barren and asking God to give you a baby. That's right. God bless you. I have never seen Him fail on one yet. A woman in Chicago, fifty something years old, come and asked for a baby. She got a fine boy. May God grant it to you. Seems to me like I see like swamps or something. I don't know whether it's this country, lot of cedar. Look like swamp willow, and it's kind of passing. It looks like Arkansas to me. Was you ever in Arkansas? It seems to me like it was Arkansas. It is Arkansas. It's Jonesboro, Arkansas, the blessed old Bible Hour Tabernacle ... where you're from. You're down there, and you're trying to contact... They's somebody else in here that's trying to make a contact. It's an aged woman that's standing. And they're from a rolling country, maybe Missouri, and that's your mother. Here It goes... There she sits right there, and she's got hardening of the arteries. That's right exactly the truth. Amen. Go believing, and may the God of heaven give you the desire of your heart, my sister, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen.

**92** Blessed be the name of the Lord. "All things are possible to him that believeth." Do you believe? Little lady, sitting on the end of the seat there, you're bothered with a nervous condition, isn't it? Got real worry spells comes on you. Don't fear. It's gone from you. Have faith in God. If thou canst believe. You know the Bible said, "All things are possible." Isn't that true? All things are possible. What about you sitting there with prostate trouble, sitting right up here, the man looking down across the balcony right up here, the elderly man? Prostate trouble, getting up at nights, do you believe, sir? Raise up your hand standing right up here. That's it. You believe, sir? White shirt on sitting... All right. It's finished. You're healed. Have you got a prayer card? You don't have a prayer... You don't need one. You're healed, sir. It won't bother you anymore. Your faith made you whole. Amen. He's a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. If you'll believe, no matter where you're at, have faith.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**93** All right. We're strange to one another, lady. I don't know you, never seen you in my life, but God does know you, doesn't He? And if God will speak... If I can yield myself to His Spirit. Something happened. I don't know what it... Would you believe me then, as His servant? You have a different type of nervousness. The lady sitting there with the little paper in her hand. You got a nervous condition too, but yours is a weary type of nervousness. You're mentally upset all the time, and just seems like that you get gloomy and weary feeling, isn't it? That's right, and many times you get real weak before your day's work is done. You have to sit down, your strength is depleted. Isn't that right? Sometimes you get so weary you walk over to the window. I see you pull back the window and walk back and forth. The sun shining down on the side. Makes you have a real gloomy, weary feeling. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. That's right, see. I'm not reading your mind, but sister, it's over. Your faith has touched Him now. Now, you go. Be real happy.

**94** This lady, Satan lied to you. I seen a dark shadow come to you said you's going to loose your mind (You see?), go crazy. He said that to you. That's right. Right. Suggested suicide and everything else, but it didn't do a bit of good. God's healed you. That's right. You're going home now to be well. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe. I'm sorry. Just as it moves I have to go with it, you see. It's their faith that's doing it, you see. It's a... I didn't mean to leave you. But that's just ... I just... And just as He moves I just have to talk quickly, you know, because it's just coming like one great draw from the audience, and just as soon as I feel it single out, then I have to watch it (You see?), see where it goes to find out just... There it goes again.

**95** It's the lady with glasses on. Here she stands right here before me. There she is. Amen. Viruses, isn't it, sister? Right there. That's right. Got a virus. Isn't that right? They don't even know what to call it. That's just an excuse the doctor give you, that's all. But it don't do no good now. It's over. You can go ahead and be well. Your faith made you well. Lot of faith sitting in the corner there. What's the matter people? Start believing. I don't know those people. I've never seen them. I don't know you, but I challenge you in Christ's name to believe the Bible is true and Jesus raised from the dead. Forget about those church creeds and things, and serve the Lord. Believe on Him. He's raised from the dead. You've served Him in a measure. That's right. But, my dear friend, when the enemy comes in like a flood, God raises a standard against it. You read in these magazines and things how Satan is on a rampage. Yes, sir. God's raising a standard against it. Don't worry. He's always in the... He's always on the right side. He's always above the enemy all the time.

**96** Do you believe that, lady, sitting right there? Yes. Had more faith than you thought you had, see. Faith is a subconscious thing, lady. Faith is not a mental act, see. It's something that you subconsciously do it. People try to look to their intellects for faith, when faith doesn't lay in here. Reasons lay here. Faith lays in the soul. Now, the trouble with your foot and leg... You believe that Jesus Christ make you well? You do? You accept it? Believe it? Had a little arthritis too, but Jesus Christ make you well. You believe it? All right. Then you can have it. Amen. Amen. She just kind of had to come to herself, for the Angel of the Lord was standing over her, see. Jesus said, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**97** You're bothered, aren't you, lady? You're worried about something. It's your side. You're having numb spells like in it. That's right, isn't it? And you're afraid it's gall bladder trouble causing it. Yes'm, yes'm, but listen. What it is really, you've got a growth on the spine. Isn't that right? That's what's cutting the nerve off. It isn't the gall bladder. He was mistaken on that. It's that growth in your spine's pinching the nerve. That's what's causing your numbness. You have a gall bladder trouble, but that isn't causing the numbness. That's true, isn't it? Now, go and be well. Jesus Christ [unclear words] in the name of Jesus. Everyone reverent. Be reverent as you can be now. Have faith. I know you're praying, mother. I'm trying my best. I can't do it. It takes you to do it. If you'll believe for Him... All right. Wish I could. If I could, I'd heal everybody, but healing doesn't lay in me. It lays in Calvary, see.

**98** You believe God will heal you of that rupture, mother, sitting there with the little checked dress on? You were praying, saying, "Lord Jesus, let this be my night." Isn't that right, little mother sitting right there? That's right. Uh-huh. That's right. Amen. Have faith in God. Believe Him. I wished you'd lay your hands on that lady next to you, because she's got phlebitis that's bothering her bad, and she... Oh, Lord, I pray that the... Lord Jesus that You will heal her and make her well. Grant it, Lord. Amen. Mother, being that you did that... The lady with her hands on the lady, turn your hand right back around and catch the lady sitting right behind you. She's got trouble in her side. She wants to be healed too. You [unclear words] . Amen. Father, I pray that You'll heal her and make her well also, Lord. Grant it for Your glory, through Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**99** [Gap in the audio.] ... Here kind of a little [unclear words] . You believe that Jesus would cure you of that lung trouble? Believe that He would make you well? You do? Do you accept it now that He heals you? But... All right. Then you can have it. And you with your hand laying upon your head, sir. Do you believe with all your heart? Uh-huh. You got... You're... You put your hand on the lady? That's good. You got a cough and a back trouble that's bothering you, but you believe that Jesus Christ would make you well? If you can, you can receive what you asked for. All right.

**100** [Gap in the audio.] ... she didn't mean to do it. She thought I was talking to her, but you got a [Gap in the audio.] ... this man. Bow your heads, everybody, see. I don't know how bad it is. Just keep your heads bowed and don't nobody look up till you hear my voice, please. It's hearing. Now, everyone just be real reverent. He's also has kidney trouble and arthritis. Dear, heavenly Father, we don't need to see miracles, but that the world might know that You still perform miracles, we ask sovereignly, Lord, and feeling this deafness vibrate against me, knowing that he's come to challenge. But, Lord, You'll meet his challenge, for You sent Jesus Christ, and He robbed Satan of every power he had at Calvary. And Satan has did this, that the man could walk before a vehicle somewhere and be killed and fill a premature grave. But, God, You are here to take it off of him. Then, Satan, in Jesus Christ's name, come out of the man. Every head bowed [unclear words] . [ Brother Branham claps his hands.] Hear me? All right now. You had arthritis too. You had a kidney trouble too. Now, raise your head. Feel all right now? How long has that deaf spirit been on you? Years, years. What? Can you hear me all right? [Man says, "Oh yes."] Hear me now? I'm just barely whispering. Watch. They can't even hear me on the mike. Watch here you can't hear me. Hear me now? Hear me now? Hear me now?

**101** How do you do? Say, I don't know, there's a light around you. Something must've happened in the line. Oh. You were... You've been healed. You had cancer and was healed; and you're standing here for somebody else. That's a relative of yours. It's a nephew, and he's got cancer or something on the face. That's right. Then that handkerchief you got in your pocket for him, take it on to him. Put it on him in the name of the Lord Jesus. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." Do you believe? Do you believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the seed of Abraham you are? If you'll believe right now, I don't care where you are or what condition you're in, Christ has healed you. Do you believe it? Then, let us pray. Heavenly Father, only the devil would try to gloom these people into unbelief, but I challenge him on the basis of the shed blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Satan, you are defeated. Christ defeated you at Calvary. You are exposed here tonight by the Holy Ghost, and you're in the form of demon: cancer, deafness, dumbness, cripples, and all other diseases. You did this to the people, and Jesus Christ died to set them free. Come out of them. You can't hold them any longer. I challenge you in the name of Jesus Christ.
