---
Date: 1956-03-11
Title: God using His Gift
DayOfTheWeek: Unknown
Location: Unknown
Duration: 1 hour and 37 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# God using His Gift



**1** Good evening, friends. It's wonderful to be back in the Life Tabernacle again tonight. Brother was talking about me being late. I just have so much time to push myself, or just relax myself before the Lord. And I heard the knocking on the door, but I just didn't answer. That's was what it was. Because I had something important I had to talk to Him about. So, I just kept talking.

**2** Now, I'm always late, that's true. I was late for my wedding. If I can just be late for my funeral is the thing. What do you think about that, Brother Arment. That's just about right, isn't it? Brother Arment---I just noticed him back there, very fine Christian brother, just recently come to Christ. An ex-service man, teaches voice in some school. Dying with heart trouble recently, in a terrible condition. How the Lord Jesus touched him when he was laying just at the point of death, where the best doctors had just about turned him over to be gone for good. Would you just raise up your hand, Brother Arment? He's from Ohio, I believe ... or, Michigan. Where is it, Brother Arment? Michigan. We thank the Lord for the healing of our dear brother. I remember I took him when he was first saved and I was going to baptize him at the river. Just as soon as he stuck his foot in the water (oh, my), just got blue all over his... Look like he'd died right there. And how the Lord Jesus came down and made him whole. He's wonderful.

**3** How we certainly... One thing that I'm praying earnestly about now, is going to Old Mexico. I'm looking forward for a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit over there among the Spanish people. And I want you to pray. The Spanish people was the first people I ever had services for outside of the Anglo-Saxon---the white race of people ... or, the English-speaking people. And then the next was the American Indian. And then I think we went from there into Africa, and so forth, and many different nations since then. Just a little hoarse. This is the fourth time today, so I... You're such a nice audience that I just run out of voice, I don't run out of desire. So, you've been awfully nice and I appreciate this lovely time of fellowship with each and every one of you, and different churches, and so forth. I pray that God'll be with you and bless you till we meet.

**4** Many times... Last evening, I was talking about having such a struggle when the presence of death and life come together. And it's a hard thing sometimes to minister in the right way when you're under that burden. But now, many of you has read the vision. It's printed this time in The Herald Of Faith. Many of you take that little magazine. I'm not a salesman; I don't sell nothing. But, I have one policy and it's not for sale; it's to give away: That's the policy of "Eternal Life." It's free tonight; you don't have to pay for it. It's already paid for. You just have to receive it.

**5** I don't know whether I've told you or not, Wilbur Snyder, I friend of mine, we went to school together: He's an insurance agent and that's a good thing---life insurance. Well, my dad had taken out a policy on brother and I when we were about ... one year difference in us, so we was about eight, nine years old. When we got twenty, it was a ten-year endowment, ever what it was, and was supposed to pay off around five hundred dollars. When it come due (the agent never read it right to my father) and it was worth about a dollar, seventy-five cents. And oh, my, if that didn't make me bitter knowing my poor dad had to work the way he did---under deceit. There is no one can read one clear. A Philadelphian lawyer couldn't do it. So then, I just kind of soured down on insurance.

**6** So, one day Wilbur Snyder, a friend of mine (we went to school together), come up to me and said, "Billy, I want to tell you something." I said, "All right, Wilbur." He said, "I wish you'd just quit that nonsense." He said, "There's no need of you feeling that way. You need an insurance policy." I said, "I got it." He said, "Oh, you're insured?" I said, "Yup." My wife looked at me as if to say, "Say, what's went wrong with you?" ("You're telling a story.", otherwise.) She said, "What?" I said, "Yeah. I'm insured." He said, "Why, Billy, what insurance do you have?" I said: "Blessed Assurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. Heir of salvation, purchase of God. Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood. "Oh," he said, "that's good, Billy, but that won't put you in the graveyard." I said, "But it'll get me out." I'm not so worried about getting there, the thing is getting out. That's the one brings me out. And the good thing about it: it's paid for. And so, the price is already paid at Calvary. They're given to whosoever will receive them.

**7** And now, in this life field of battle, let's keep our heads towards Calvary, our eyes looking straight to He who died and paid the supreme price for our salvation at Calvary. And by His stripes we were healed. And we believe Him tonight with all of our hearts. And I hope to come back and thank you for that welcome of coming back. I know you meant it and you love me, and I love you. It seems to be the Holy Spirit's just getting around onto me about praying for the sick now, so I'm going to settle right down. I know it's that strategic time. I've never come to Shreveport and had a real healing service. That's right. Because I come and preach. When I come sometime for healing service, let somebody else do the preaching and let me stay right under the cross all day long. You can watch the difference in it, see, when you come in. But here, after leaving the room then coming here and speaking a while, and sometimes I talk too long, and then I kind of lose the effects of it. It's something that... It's anointing.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

1 Peter 2:24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.

```
**8** And now, all this new vision that the Lord gave me... The vision is printed in the Herald Of His Coming ... or, the Herald Of Faith, and I think also the Herald Of His Coming. It was sent to them. Herald Of Faith comes out of Chicago---Brother Mattson-Boze's paper. A wonderful little paper. Got an article in there this month. [Brother Branham speaks aside: "You get a roll of it, Brother?"] . I wish you'd read that article. You know, it had a lot of write-ups and so forth, but there was a Lutheran preacher gave me one of my favorite write-ups. And I certainly liked it. And Brother Joseph Boze reprinted it. It's in this month's issue. And, in reading the vision, you notice how that the Holy Spirit had showed something else that's just fixing to happen. And in these kind of healing services that I'm having now until I get into the tent, I'm just like a child with Christmas anticipations. I can hardly wait till I get in there. This way, I can only stand so long, because it's your faith that does it. It's not me operating that gift of God. It's your faith doing it, see. Not me, it's you.

**9** You say, "Brother Branham, can you...?" I can't do nothing, it's you that's doing it. You're just making me do the talking. Your faith is doing that. You out there in the audience with diseases and sicknesses and things, it's you using God's gift. Now you see, God has a gift. Now let's just measure it like this so ... because of somebody might come in for the first time tonight. Jesus Christ was the greatest gift that God ever had. Don't you believe that? And when He was here on earth, He had the Spirit without measure. All the fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt in Christ. Now, He was like the whole oceans, all the seas and all the water, which is about four-fifths of the earth is covered with water. And all that water was in Him. That's comparison Him with the blessing and the measure of Spirit that God gave Him. Now, in His servants, ministers and we, is just a spoonful of water in comparison of that ocean, or the seas. But, the same chemicals that's in the whole ocean is in that spoonful, too, see. So, it's got to produce the same thing if it comes from the same place, you see. That's the reason... Now you say, "Brother Branham..." I have so much criticism, and I'll be so glad... I'm praying that God'll let me start it in Old Mexico for the first time.

```
Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**10** And as I come to Shreveport the first time, it was laying hands on the people and He let me know what was wrong with them. He told me, "If you'll be sincere, it'll come to pass that you'll know the very secret of the heart." How many remembers that, me predicting that before? Uh-huh. Did it happen? ["Yes."] Now it's gone on a little farther than that now. Not, little farther, but way farther, see. Now, it'll just keep moving on. And you mark it, and see if there's one speck of fanaticism, or anything that's not "Thus saith the Lord." It'll be Scripturally purely.

**11** Now, in Jesus of Nazareth, when this whole water was on Him now ... or, the Spirit on Him, rather, (as I said "water" a while ago, giving a parable so you'd understand... Now, He was God's gift. And any time that God wanted Him to do anything, God just raised Him up and showed Him what to do. And He said, "I do not do nothing in myself." Is that right? "I only do what I see the Father doing." Did Jesus say that? Then He could not lie. That has to be truth. Now we just might as well settle that forever. Jesus said that He did nothing except the Father showed Him first what to do. "What I see the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Check back through the Bible and see if the prophets, or anything, ever done anything outside of first seeing it first to be done. Because you can't say it's "Thus saith the Lord" unless the Lord has said it, and you know it. It ain't a mythical workup, or some mental emotion, it isn't a psychological ... psychology, it is absolutely God foreshowing something that's going to happen. Correctly. And it'll happen every time. It'll never fail once.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**12** Now, watch Jesus of Nazareth. He come walking through an audience of people. And a little woman pressed her way through all the unbelievers. And she was anemia; she had a blood issue. And she said in her heart, "I believe Him. If I could only touch His garment, I'll be made whole." And maybe she slipped under this man's arm. He pushed her back. She come around the other side and slipped in the other side. Went between that one's knees and on down till she got over to a place till she touched Him, walked back away and walked out in the audience. Jesus stopped. Said, "Who touched Me?" She and the rest of them said, "Not me." They all denied it. But He said, "I perceive that I have gotten weak." See if that translation isn't right. "Virtue (strength) has gone from Me." See what did she do. He looked around until His power of discernment caught the woman, who she was. He said, "Thy faith has healed thee." And then she come, fell down at His feet and confessed it all. Now, "Thy faith has healed thee ... has saved thee," rather. "Thy faith has saved thee."

```
Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**13** Now, she used God's gift. That's what made Him weak. But when Lazarus had died, and Jesus was foreshown beforehand of God, how that He went away and stayed for so many days till Lazarus was dead and the appropriate days come for his body to be deteriorating. And while He... All this time, God had showed Him, cause He said at the grave, He said, "I thank Thee, Father, Thou has already heard me," see. He knew what was going to happen. Look over there, He said, "Our friend Lazarus is asleep." They said, "Oh, he resteth." Said, "He's dead. And for your sake I'm glad I wasn't there, because it might upset your faith. If you want me to go pray for him, begged me do it, and I wouldn't do it, then you might lose faith. This way, I'm glad I wasn't there. But, I go wake him." He knew it. Why? He said, "I do nothing till the Father shows me first." He had to see it first. But notice, when He stood there... How much greater was the miracle of the resurrection of Lazarus than the woman touching his garment? but there was nothing said about Him getting weak. God has used His gift in Christ before showing the resurrection of Lazarus, and the woman used God's gift to get what she wanted.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:11 These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

John 11:12 Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.

John 11:13 Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.

John 11:14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.

John 11:15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

John 11:41 Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

```
**14** So, in this new thing the Lord has told me about, it'll be God using His gift. And when you're standing here in the public before people out like this, it's just a constant [unclear word] . It's just a miracle of God. If Him, the virgin-born Son of God, in one time was such a strain till it pulled Him down till He got weak, what about me, a corruptible sinner? And look at the times it happens, see. It's God using His gift, or you using His gift. So, it isn't me that stands here, it's you that stands here that does it. You out in the audience, and you here on the platform, you're drawing from God's gift. I'm not His gift; the Spirit is His gift. This is not my voice, it just picks up my voice. It's a dumb mute until there's something behind it, speaks. And so would I be a dumb mute to anything supernatural, unless the supernatural is using the instrument to speak through. The Lord bless you.

**15** Luke the 19th chapter, 42nd verse. Just before we look upon the Word, let's speak to the Author. Our heavenly Father, the services are nearing to a close. Men and women has been here, many has accepted the Lord Jesus. Out of that, young men and women probably will be the men and women of tomorrow if Thou does tarry. Many old and going away, preparing for that great hour, for the long endless eternity that's coming on. God, we thank You for every one. Many that's stood here at the platform were seriously ill; out in the audience also, seriously, as well, tonight, because of Your grace and glory. It doesn't matter to us whether the scientific world examines and calls this, that or the other, we call Your Word the truth. Now we're just ready for the closing service. Help us, God. Speak through Your Word. Divide to us that which is our portion for the night, as You did the bread and the fishes to the waiting multitudes many years ago by the sandy shores of the Galilee. Grant it, Father, these blessings, we ask in Jesus Christ's name, Thy loving Child. Amen. And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight; thy faith has saved thee.

```
Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

```
**16** You might read the whole story at your leisure, or at the times appropriated for reading. Now, just be as reverent as possible for a few moments, and we'll try within the next twenty minutes, if God willing, to be ready to start the prayer line. Tomorrow's Monday, you go to work, we leave early in the morning for Houston.

**17** My, it was cold. I can just see him shiver as he moved out into the sunlight. And he was ... been a bad day. Nobody had give him anything. There was a lot of beggars around Palestine at the time. And there was people with leprosy, and afflicted, and sick people, and laying in the streets, blind, lame, halt, withered. And people would give them coins as they pass, the only meager fare they had to live by. I can see him as he had something on his heart. There'd been no coin give him that day. And he moves out from the shadow of the building, just a little bit out into the sunshine. There he settles himself down, he feels along, and he settled himself down in the sunlight. As he sat there, he remembered how conditions had been with him, and how it was at the time. He's thinking of Rachel, at home, his wife. He's thinking of little Leah, his little daughter. And how that ... what was going to happen to them that night as daddy found his way home. "Would you help me, little kind sir?" "Yes, Bartimaeus. I'll help you to the next corner." "Would someone help me to the next corner? Does anyone know me in the crowd? Would you help me to the next corner? I'm trying to find my way home." And he thought when he got home, and his little girl brushed his bearded cheeks, kissed him, raked his hair. And he felt the little bony hands of his wife as she patted him and hugged him and kissed him, and wondered if there'd been anything give him that day for some food for the night. Isn't that pitiful? No money---just a beggar.

**18** He began to think, sitting in the warm sun, he had gathered up his ragged coat around him, which he could not afford a new one. He was a provider for his family. He thought of his family first before himself. Any real true dad'll do that, or husband. Any Christian will think of others before himself. Every Christian tries to put God first, his family second, he's number three. I try to make that a practice in my own life.

**19** And as I see him sitting there, "It's a good time," he says, "to kind of... No stirring up and down the streets. Everything's been quiet for a long time. I don't know where everybody's at today. But seemingly there's no one here." And as he snugs down there in the warm sunshine, he begins to kind of think things over. Do you like to get alone and think things over. I do. Just get away sometimes, I drive my car out, way out in the country and get back in the woods and turn the key off. And just go out and sit down on a log somewhere. Just think things over. Get alone. And as he was sitting there thinking, he said, "Yes. You know, a few weeks ago I had two little turtledoves, that done enchantments, and turned over little tumbles over each other. But you know, since my little girl got sick, and I went and asked God if He'd heal her, I'd do something special for Him. I'd give Him these little turtledoves, and she got well, so I gave Him the turtledoves. "And then when my dear, sweet, loving wife was so ill that night, that the doctor said she couldn't live. And I went on my way out around my little adobe house, and I knelt down there by the corner. And as the warm Palestinian breeze was coming down across the fields, the deserts, I promised Jehovah if He'd let her get well, I only had one thing left, and that was a lamb."

**20** You know, you seen blind men on the street, and dogs leading them. In them days, lambs led them. So, he promised God he'd give the lamb. And the next day, when he was going up to offer up at the Temple, at the place of the burning of the sacrifice, his lamb, the priest said to him, said, "Where goest Thou, blind Bartimaeus?" He said, "I am going to offer my lamb." He said, "Blind Bartimaeus, you can't do that." Said, "I'll give you money to buy you a lamb to offer from the sales up there." He said, "But, Priest, I never told God I'd give Him a lamb; I told Him I'd give Him this lamb." So, he said, "I must offer the lamb." So, he said, "You can't, blind Bartimaeus, that lamb is your eyes." He said, "God will provide another lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes." He was thinking of that. "Now, I have no doves to attract the attention of the tourists, and the people coming and going. And I have no lamb to lead me home. I just have to go on the mercies of the people."

**21** And his mind goes back a little farther. He remembers a day when Mama, when he was a little boy, used to call him in. Say, "Bartimaeus?" "Yes, Mother." And she'd come in and got him up on her lap. And she rocked him, and said, "My loving little son, I want to tell you a story that's a true story. Bartimaeus, years ago the great Jehovah God led our people to this land. He gave it to us by promise through father Abraham. And when our people was down in Egypt, in bondage, God came down---great Jehovah. "And he sent a prophet to the earth by the name of Moses. And this Moses was a mighty man. And Jehovah was surely with this prophet and he performed signs and wonders. And he led the children of Israel out of Egypt and he brought them into the wilderness. And there Jehovah fed them manna from the heavens. He gave them water from a rock. When they were sick and needy, He provided atonement for their sickness. And the lame, the halt, the blind, or whatever got wrong with them, they looked at this atonement and lived. "But, alas, that's gone. The priest tells us that Jehovah isn't like that today. He doesn't do that no more. He just did it back there for those people, but He doesn't do it anymore." Isn't that a type of today? Explaining it all away. It isn't Jehovah got away, it's the people's got away.

**22** He hears a noise. Here comes someone. Who is it? He hears a little donkey trotting. And the first thing you know, as it comes along, a courier running in front, got a little donkey. You can hear the bare feet on the ground. He said, "Would you give me, a blind man, a coin? I am needy today. I have a family. Would you help me?" "Out of my way. I am the servant of Jehovah. I have better business than to fool with you blind and beggars today. I am on my way to the Ministerial Association that's meeting this morning here in Jericho because there is a fanatic coming in here today. And we understand that He causes a lot of stir when He comes in. And we're going down to form a committee to stop this nonsense before it spreads over the country. Out of my way, beggar!" "Pardon me, kind priest, your holiness, your reverence. I did not mean to interrupt God's servant." He hears the little donkey trot on away.

**23** Then he gathers up his old ragged clothes and sits down again. He continues his study. He said, "You know, where that little old mule was trotting, going along there, over those same cobblestones, Elijah and Elisha walked down that same road, arm-in-arm together, going down to cross over Jordan. My mama told me that story. "Oh, if I could have only lived in that day. If I could have only been sitting here. If Jehovah only had another prophet like that today. I would run out into the street where they were passing. And I'd say, 'Oh, great prophets, and honored of God, would you have a little word of prayer for me, a blind man?' And I believe if those anointed prophets would've asked Jehovah, Jehovah would've restored my sight." And just think, as he's wondering, pondering in his mind, "They passed within a stone's throw.

**24** Now, but oh, every time they lead me up to the Temple, they tell me that all the days of miracles is past, they don't happen no more. Whatever happened to Jehovah? I know Elijah's gone and Elisha's gone, but has Jehovah gone?" He's reasoning this. You know, there's always a reason for those reasonings. And he thinks again, "Just about a few ... about five hundred yards from here, a little farther, that great warrior Joshua, prophet and leader, walked down to the Jordan that morning, when the old Jordan in the month of April, the big waves going through and the whole valley spread with flood waters coming down from Judea, the snow melting up in the mountains. And this great warrior walks down there to this Jordan and said, 'Gather all the people around. You're going to see the glory of God.' "Oh," he said, "If I could've only lived in that day. Wouldn't it have been marvelous if I could have lived in that day, and I could've met Joshua? And then when he took the priests, put the Word first, which was the ark, and started them towards the Jordan, that same Jordan, that's a roaring just behind here a little piece, gave away and walled up. And my ancient fathers crossed over Jordan on dry ground. "But, oh, that was a day gone. Jehovah isn't like that no more, they tell me. He doesn't heal. He doesn't have prophets, and so forth, no more. He doesn't provide for such as that." Oh, what a mistake. What a mistake that people still get into when they think that. Jehovah changes not! The Bible said He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. God did that back there, He's obligated to meet the same thing under the same circumstance.

```
Malachi 3:6 For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**25** So, sitting there... And after a while it gets a little cool, and he moves back again. The sun's shining on him now. He ducks his head over, begins to think again, "You know, Mother used to read the Scriptures to me. And she told me how she was reading at the Joshua, and the great host of people, and some of my fathers was in that. They camped right out, perhaps... Now, if the wind's coming this way, as they said this morning... They camped right out below here just a little ways. And the very walls that I'm standing by the ruins now, fell down by the people marching around the wall. What a great Jehovah He must've been then, but He isn't today." That's the way it is today. We still teach those things: "What a great Pentecost was. What a great thing when Peter and John passed through the gate called Beautiful: The man was healed." What good is a Jehovah of yesterday, if He isn't the same Jehovah today? What good is the God of Moses, if He isn't still the same today?

```
Acts 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

Acts 3:3 Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.

Acts 3:4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

Acts 3:5 And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.

Acts 3:6 Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.

Acts 3:7 And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.

Acts 3:8 And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.

```
**26** It puts me in mind of a man with a bird in a cage. He goes and gives him the best food he can, bone building, to make good strong bones on his canary. But he keeps him in the cage so he can't fly. What good does it do to give him good orthodox food, if you keep him penned up? That's what's the matter today. You're sending preachers to seminaries, and being very orthodox, and trying to give the best food, but they're afraid to come out and tell the people that they're fake, and set them free, and make them healed and well, and Jehovah's still the same. What good does it do to have a Bible study? What good does it do to preach the Gospel, if you keep the people in a cage? Brother, every one of you tonight can take the Word of the living God, and go from here just as free as a bird out of a cage. Amen. What good is a God that healed a man at the gate called Beautiful, if He isn't that same God tonight? If He's lost His power, if His Word isn't true tonight as it was then, His promises isn't right?

**27** Oh, my righteous indignation was burnt up the other night when I heard that Catholic teacher, national-wide, said "This Bible wasn't nothing but ... try to live by it was like wading through a bunch of mud puddles." Blaspheming! And said, "What was it?" Said, "Maybe God took a notion up in heaven He was going to send you down a Bible. So He got some angels, and wrote it, and had a little angel come to the corridors of glory, and come down and hand it to you." Said, "It was a Catholic creed." Said, "The apostles, and Mark, Luke, and John never wrote nothing. Just a bunch of stuff that was wrote out and half of it was true and tales that was told and everything." I believe that every word is solemnly the truth of God! Yes, sir! And I believe... He said, "Now, that is the word that was some kind of a hearsay history of the Catholic church years ago." He said, "But the church is moving on today." If the Catholic church is the true church of God, and it don't stand by it's original word, if it's the Word of God, then there's something wrong somewhere. The Bible said, "Woe unto him that'll take anything out of here or add anything to it. The same'll be taken out of the book of life."

```
Revelation 22:18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:

Revelation 22:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.

```
**28** If Jesus Christ... Not only Catholics take it out, but Protestants too. Sure they do. They knifed it and cut it and, "This is inspired, and that's not. And this..." to make it fit your petty doctrine. Brother, every word of it's inspired. And every word of it is just as good today as it was the day that Jesus sealed the book there with His blood at Calvary. Every promise is "yea" and "amen" to the believer.

**29** Bartimaeus sat there looking around. Directly he thought, "Do you know what? Maybe not two hundred yards this way, the great warrior Joshua was walking around one day. And as he drew near the wall within a bow shot from the wall, he looked and there stood a man with his sword drawn. And Joshua being a warrior drew his sword. And he went to meet him. And he said, 'Are you with us, or are you our enemy?' And the man said, 'Nay, I am the captain of the host of the Lord.'" And said, "Think, his feet stood two hundred yards from where I am right now." Little did he know that the same captain was coming out the gate in a few minutes. Amen.

```
Joshua 5:13 And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?

Joshua 5:14 And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my lord unto his servant?

```
**30** You know, when you think about God; when you keep your mind... Oh, you think... You sit in church and think about everything else but God. How you're going to do your wash, and what are you going to do at the office tomorrow. How you're going to do this, that, or the other. Keep your mind off of that and think on God. The Bible said if there be any praise, if there be any virtue, think on these things. "Wonder if I'll be called in the prayer line. Wonder if God'll speak." Don't think that kind of a negative thought. Don't let it go through your mind. Make every word positive, and every thought positive. See it? You know the disciples, after the resurrection of Jesus, Cleopas and his friend was on his road down to Emmaus. And as they went along talking about Jesus, thinking about Jesus, He stepped right out of the bushes and walked with them while they were thinking on Him; while they were meditating. That's the same way Jesus does today. In my heart, on my mind, all day long, let me walk with the Lord in the light of His Word. With the Heavenly Dove, let me have fellowship all day long.

```
Luke 24:13 And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.

Luke 24:14 And they talked together of all these things which had happened.

Luke 24:15 And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.

Philippians 4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.

```
**31** Blind Bartimaeus was sitting there thinking, "Oh, if I could've only lived in that day when the great Captain of the host of the Lord stood by the prophet Joshua, with a sword drawn. And Joshua, the great warrior, threw off his shield, threw off his helmet, laid down his sword and running, fell down at his feet. If I could've only been living in that day. But, alas, the priest says the days of miracles is past. We can't have healings no more, and things. It's a thing past." All at once it sounded like school turned out. The awfullest noise coming from the city. Some of them hollering, "Away with You! Say, You divine healer, we got Mister Rabbi Jones here, why don't You come heal him? Perform a miracle here and let us see You do it. Oh, You done it in Capernaum, You said, You done it here and there; let's see You do it here! Hey, You that raises the dead, we got a graveyard up here plumb full of dead Jews. Come up and raise them all up if Thou be the Christ." Bartimaeus said, "Listen to that. Who're they talking to?" And others saying, "Hosanna to the King! Glory to God in the highest!" Overripe fruit being throwed at Him, and the awfullest conglomeration of noises, and one hissing and making fun, others said, "Hey, You that can tear the Temple down and build it up in a few days, why don't you make this man hear, get his hearing? Come back here and perform a miracle." The same old devil that met Jesus and said, "Perform a miracle here before me. Turn these bread ... these stones into bread. Let me see You do something." Same one still lives today.

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

```
**32** Jesus, with His face set towards Calvary, walking out of the city. As He moves along slowly, His head up towards the skies, leading the host of the people, the apostles trying their best, them little twelve men, to keep the people back, and bat off the overripe fruit and things throwed at Him. His head set towards Calvary. His heart leaning that way with all the responsibilities of the world, every sin, was to be placed upon Him. He was to go in such agony until the blood and water would separate in His body and would pour from it. He had to do it. He didn't have to, but His love constrained Him to do it. If He didn't do it, we'd be lost. His enemies would be lost, but He loved even His enemies. All that bearing on His great heart. He moved slowly, as he walks down. I can just see Him.

**33** Bartimaeus said, "What're they talking about?" First thing, somebody stumbled over him, said, "Hey!" Kicked him with his foot said, "What are You doing sitting here? Hey, You up there, You with your head up in the air, You who heals the sick, let me have a little talk with you." Bartimaeus said, "What? 'Who heals the sick?' Uh, kind sir, would somebody tell me who this is passing by? What's all the... What's all the commotion about? I am a blind man, can you see?" Somebody beat him this way, "Uh, uh, who is this? Who passes?" And somebody else hitting him; finally, knock him down. He picks up his old ragged coat and begins to feel, put it around himself.

```
Luke 18:35 And it came to pass, that as he was come nigh unto Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the way side begging:

Luke 18:36 And hearing the multitude pass by, he asked what it meant.

```
**34** And finally a kind lady laid her hands over on him. She said, "Kind sir, blind man, nobody seems to pay any attention to you. Maybe you don't understand that the great Prophet of Nazareth passes by." "Who is this Prophet of Nazareth?" "Why," she said, "sir, don't you know He is the one who was promised by Moses? And Isaiah said when He comes the blind would see, and the lame would leap like a hart, and so forth, and He claims to be this person. You don't know Him?" "No. Where is He?" "He's just passing by." "Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David!" Hallelujah! Faith caught hold. "Have mercy on me!" "Oh," she said, "you can't make Him hear you. There's too much going on. He's quite a ways down the road now. You can't make Him hear you, but have faith in God. You know I heard, here a few days ago, a woman touched His garment and run out in the audience. And you know what? They tell me that He even felt it, and her faith had touched Him. And you know, I also heard that a man named Philip come to Him, and brought a man named Nathanael. And He even knew who he was. He even knew where a fish was that had a coin in his mouth. And He went and paid the tribute to keep them quiet so He could preach." "You mean then, Lady, that maybe my faith... I have faith! I've been thinking about the Bible. I got faith. Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David! God, Jehovah, let my faith touch Him. Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me! Have mercy on me!" Someone said, "Oh, make that fellow keep quiet," standing nearby, "He's gone too far down the road." Not too far for Him. He's never too far but what He can be touched.

```
Deuteronomy 18:15 The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;

Isaiah 35:5 Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.

Isaiah 35:6 Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert.

Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 17:27 Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.

Matthew 20:30 And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 10:47 And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

Luke 18:37 And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.

Luke 18:38 And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

```
**35** "Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." How that blind beggar's faith stopped Jesus in the middle of the road. Stopped, turned around. "Just a moment. Listen to where it was way back over there." Said, "Bring him here." (Amen. I like that.) " Bring him here." Oh, my [Gap in the audio] . Jesus stopped, on His road to Calvary. If that blind beggar's faith stopped Him on the road to Calvary, how much more will your faith stop Him tonight, when He's trying to get to your heart? And He turned around. He said, "Thy faith has saved thee. Receive your sight." He turns and goes on. What had happened? God had provided a Lamb for that blind man's eyes. God's provided Lamb for blind Bartimaeus's eyes. That same lamb's provided tonight for you. It's provided for anything that you have need of. And He's passing this way. And He's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmities. Let us pray.

```
Matthew 20:31 And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.

Matthew 20:32 And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?

Matthew 20:33 They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.

Matthew 20:34 So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.

Mark 10:48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Mark 10:49 And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.

Mark 10:52 And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.

Luke 18:39 And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.

Luke 18:40 And Jesus stood, and commanded him to be brought unto him: and when he was come near, he asked him,

Luke 18:41 Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.

Luke 18:42 And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**36** Heavenly Father, as people yet today after two thousand years of Bible teachings, they still grope ... group in utter darkness. Hearts all covered over with things of the world. And tonight, the whole world's in chaos. And here You are right among us still living. You'll never die. You died once to put away sin, but You're resurrected again and alive forevermore. Because You live, You give the promise that we can live also by accepting You and believing on you. I pray tonight, dear Lord Jesus, in the closing time, knowing that perhaps ... we don't know when we'll ever meet again. And I pray that You'll be merciful tonight. And maybe there might not be a blind man here, a blind woman, but there may be some that's blind to the Presence of You being here. Their souls are packed away with some sort of man-made theology. And in this great day, You permitted it to be. You said there'll come a time when there won't be a famine just for bread and water, but for hearing the Word of God. And men would run to and fro seeking it. And we've lived to see that day, when one says this way, and one says that way. But we're thankful, Lord, that You said, "I am the way." And if You are the way, then You're (present tense) here now to prove that You are the way. Not any church doctrines or any theology, or any denomination, but You are the way. Surely, Father, the streets ought to be packed with people just now, to hear and to see the resurrected Lord Jesus come in His great power, and do those things that He said He would do. But Thou has given us these. You said, "No, you can't come, and you won't come. You got eyes, but you can't see; ears and can't hear. Well did Isaiah speak of you." But those that has come, I pray, Father, that You'll take each and every one of them into Thy kingdom. Seal them with the promise of the Holy Spirit.

```
Matthew 13:14 And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:

John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

```
**37** While we have our heads bowed, I wonder if there's anyone here tonight at the ending of the revival, after seeing the ... not some new church doctrine, not seeing someone who comes and tries to present some kind of a doctrine or a theology, but see the Lord Jesus Himself rise in the midst of you, and confirming His Word like He said He would do. And you're without Christ, without God, and without the Holy Ghost tonight, and you would raise your hand to God, and by doing so say, "God, please remember me now while my heart is still beating, while I still have life, and while the Holy Spirit is telling me that I have a chance yet, if I'll only accept it. And I'll raise my hand to You and accept it." Will you do it as you raise your hand? God bless you, son. God bless you, brother. God bless you, little man. God bless you, sir. God bless you, my brother. God bless you. God bless you, way back in the back. God bless you up in the balcony. God bless you down here at the bottom, young man. God bless you, sir. Raise your hand. God bless you, young lady, over there. That is fine. Remember, just the moment you slip up your hand, God's Word is right ... right then God gives you eternal life, and'll never perish. He said so. "He that heareth my words, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath (that's present tense) eternal life, shall not come into judgment, but has passed from death unto life." If you mean it from your heart, and raise up your hand, God's obligated... If you believe me to be His servant, and in contact with the spiritual world, which is the Holy Ghost, if you believe it, hear my words, 'cause I'm quoting to you the Bible.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

```
**38** Someone else, now, would raise your hand? "Pass me not..." God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. God bless you, young lady. God bless you, back there, sir. You over here, lady. Wonderful! Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, (God bless you, brother, back there.) Hear my humble cry. (Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David!) While on others Thou art calling Do not pass me by. I'm told, last night, way back here at the side, there was an elderly man, seventy or eighty years old, sitting back there. Doctor give him a shot, paralyzed him---shaking with palsy. Some of his loved ones brought him in to hear the service. While sitting there and after closing the service with a great anointing of the Holy Ghost, the elderly brother closed his eyes and went to meet God. Who's next? I don't know. It might not be an old man, it might be a young man, a boy, or girl. I don't know.

**39** If you're not right with God, will you raise your hand now? Somebody that hasn't, raised your hand, there's been twenty or thirty, raise their... God bless you, sir. God bless you, someone... God bless you, sir. Someone else? Just feel like I'm constrained by the Holy Spirit to just linger a little longer. Someone else? The lady there in the chair. God bless you, sister. That is wonderful. He sees your hand; even if I don't, He sees it. Way up in the balcony behind the glass up there, someone in there would raise up your hand, say, "God be merciful."? God bless you, sir. I see your hand up there. Someone else? "Be merciful to me, dear God. Brother Branham, if I never see you again this side of glory, by God's grace, I mean to shake your hand over there. I'm coming upon the basis of God's Word. What you said about it tonight, He's willing to take me, not willing that I should perish. And I cannot raise my hand without first God telling me to, 'cause no man could come except the Father draws Him. Upon my conviction, now, that you're right, that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and He died for me and He's resurrected again for my justification. And lives here with me. I want Him to see my hand. I now accept Him from the depths of my soul as my Saviour, and desire the baptism of the Holy Ghost to come upon me." All right, one more. All right. Shall we pray?

```
John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**40** Now, heavenly Father, You saw every hand. Twenty or thirty hands, perhaps, I do not know. But, there's one thing that I do know, that every hand went up, an angel wrote it down, or someway it's recorded in glory tonight. Satan's defeated to begin with. One soul is worth ten thousand worlds. And they raised their hand with the sincerity of their heart, they believe You to be the Son of God, and want You to have mercy upon them. And You said in your own Word, "No man can come except the Father draws him, and all that the Father has give me will come to me. And none of them will be lost. No man can pluck them from my hand. My Father gave them to me. No one can take them away. I'll give him everlasting life, and will raise him up at the last day." Little boys, middle-aged, young men, old men, young women, old women, together they raised their hands. They're concerned, Lord, knowing that they must leave this world, and they want to be remembered in your kingdom. As the thief at the cross said, "Remember me, Lord, when Thou comest into thy kingdom." And Thou did say to him, "Today---today shalt thou be with me in paradise." Thank you, Father for every one. I pray that You'll keep them in the palms of Your hands by the shed blood. And some glorious day when there'll be no more day and night, for all will be day there. The sun will never shine 'cause the Lamb is the light. There'll be no darkness. May I be able to shake that hand that raised up tonight, when we're looking upon Him who saved us by His grace. For we ask it in His name. Amen.

```
Luke 23:42 And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.

Luke 23:43 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 10:28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.

Revelation 21:23 And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.

```
**41** Oh, I don't know how you feel. If I am a hypocrite, I don't know it. I'm honest. But, I just feel just really relieved, like. I feel real good. Do you feel that way? See. The Lord has brought home, penitent sinners. That's the greatest miracle that could ever happen. Men and women who walk these streets out here and does these things that ought not to do, and then when they come and give their hearts over to God---changes their whole attitude---that's a miracle. That's like taking a pig and making a lamb out of it. Talk about a miracle. Greater than the sick being healed or anything. Now, to you young converts, will you promise me, as soon as the healing service is over, that you'll come up and kneel around the altar, and give thanks to God for saving you? And I believe right then He'll give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost.

**42** I don't say that He'll do this tonight, but now let's just think. What...? Let's just take away all superstitions now. If He has raised from the dead, then He's obligated to be with us tonight, because He said, "I'll be with you always, even to the end of the world." Did He say that? If He said it, He'll do it. That's right. Now, what did you do awhile ago when you raised your hand? You lost your life when you raised your hand. "He that loses his life shall find it. (Is that right?) But he that keepeth his life shall lose it." Let's all say that together: "He that loses his life for my sake shall find it. He that keepeth his life shall lose it." Aren't you glad that you lost yours? And now, God'll keep your life---got everlasting life. Thanks be to God. All right. We'll step back to the platform to pray for the sick.

```
Matthew 10:39 He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 8:35 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it.

Luke 9:24 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.

```
**43** How many would like to see the Lord Jesus? Let's see your hands. Certainly. How many believes that He raised from the dead? Well, how could we see Him then, if He's raise from the dead? How could we see Him? How did He say we could see Him? Now, it said, "Yet a little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet you'll see Me (Is that right?), for I will be with you, in you, to the end of the world." Then how do you see Jesus?---in one another. Ye are written epistles. Is that right? Christ is in us. Isn't that wonderful? Oh, it's matchless. It's marvelous. It's beyond thought, that Christ...

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**44** One time He traveled over the children of Israel in a pillar of fire. When He settled on the mountain, even nothing could touch it; it had to be killed. Then He came down and lived in His Son. And He lived there. Men could touch Him, but He was virgin-born. And He gave His life, His blood, that the sexual-born people could come back into fellowship, and have fellowship with Him, and be part of Him. So it's God, not in the pillar of fire, not God in Christ, it's in you. All that God was He poured into Christ. Is that right? In Him dwelled the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And all that was in Christ, He poured into the church. Amen. You see? Now, His Spirit... He said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then believe me not. But if I do the works of My Father, though you don't believe Me, believe the works." And same tonight. If a man does the works of God, then He is of God. If he doesn't the works of God, then he isn't of God. So may the Lord bless you while we pray for the sick.

```
John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

John 10:38 But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**45** Do you love Him? Let's sing one little chorus: Only Believe now, 'cause I've been preaching... [break in tape] . ......... believe All things are possible Lord I believe..... Dear heavenly Father, I pray that in Jesus' name, that You'll grant the healing of each one of these. And may they be made well for Your glory. I pray in Jesus' name, Lord, that You'll grant this. Amen. Ten, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible Now I believe. Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible Oh, Now I believe.

**46** All be seated. What? What? All right. [Break in tape.] He promised it. I don't believe there's a person in the line that I know. They're all strange to me. If you're all strangers to me, and I don't know you, know nothing about you, raise up your hand. All along the line. How about all down in the... (Brother Branham speaks aside: What did you say, Brother Moore? Where's he at? Oh, Brother Krause. Yes, sir, I do. I'm sorry, Brother Krause. I never seen you standing there. All right. Thank you, Brother Moore.) I don't mean to make a mistake. I don't try... I make many mistakes, I don't mean to, but I saw nobody in line I knew. I never recognized Brother Krause standing there. I do know Brother Krause.

**47** Now, how many in the audience, upstairs, wherever you are, that you want God to heal you tonight? Raise your hand. You haven't got a prayer card, but you want God to heal you. God bless you. Just look at the sick people. Oh, God bless you, honey. I wish there was something I could do. I truly wish there was something I could do. I just can't. I'm just your brother. If I could come down there and heal you, oh, bless your hearts, I'd just put a great big line, keep you, say, "I'm going to heal you. I'm going to heal you." I'd do it, every one. But if Jesus was standing here, He couldn't do that. He'd say, "I already done it. I already done it," see. He'd say, "Don't you believe it? According to your faith, be it unto you." Is that right? Now if the Father would show Him something, He said, "The Father told me this, so you go, and believe this is done." But according to your faith, if the Father hadn't showed Him yet. "According to your faith, be it unto you."

**48** And now, look, let's just... We've got plenty of time. We're early tonight. So, let's just think this for a few minutes. I'm going to try to get this whole line here, tonight, and even more, if I can, to pray for. Now, I want God to heal everyone out there. Now, let's just imagine, now... We're Methodists, Baptists, and we're all different denominations here. Let's just settle down for just one time. For the next forty-five minutes, or whatever it is, let's just settle down for a few minutes and think this. Now, I'm going to look straight to Glory. [Break in tape.] Now, if you'll just wait and sit real still and quiet, keep the little kiddies as quiet as you can. Keep looking this way and praying, 'cause look, when once the Holy Spirit strikes, every one of you becomes subject to it. There you are. It's like a big breath, going "Whew whew whew whew whew.". One moving, I can tell it.

**49** "Oh," you say, "Brother Branham..." Oh, yes. Jesus went over to raise a dead girl one time. He put them all out of the house; led a man outside the city, and so forth, see. You've got to have reverence. Certainly. Be just as reverent as you can be, now, for a few moments. Now, if you'll bring your first patient, or the man here, or boy. All right. Now, real reverent. Just a moment, that His blessings will come. Now here stands a lad, here. I have never seen him in my life, I guess. He's a perfect stranger to me. That's right. But, God knows you, sir, and I do not know you. The only thing I know, you're just a lad standing here. That's all I know. Now, the man raising his hand that he never knew me. I don't know him. Then, how could there... How could anything take place unless it would be revealed? Now, what if Messiah is the same? What if the man's here, a blasphemer? What if he's standing here, just a hypocrite, and standing in the line to make a show? Watch what happens to him. Did you see them take that man out last night? You know what happens to him. Many paralyzed today, and in insane institutions, and everything else from trying that. You know it. You'll see. God will speak.

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Matthew 9:25 But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.

Mark 5:40 And they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he taketh the father and the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and entereth in where the damsel was lying.

Luke 8:53 And they laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.

Luke 8:54 And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.

```
**50** What if he's sick, needs help? Could I help him? No. Could Jesus help him if He was standing here? No, no more than to tell him. And if Jesus has risen from the dead, and I can yield myself to Him, the Holy Spirit, what would the Holy Spirit do if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever? The same thing He done to the woman at the well: would tell her where her troubles was. He'd tell the man where his troubles was, and what he come here for. Is that right? Then that would make the resurrected Jesus living in His church. Is that right? That's infallible proof of His resurrection. Now, young man, I just want you to look this way to talk to you just a moment. You don't even have to answer, see. There's lots of people around me, behind me, this side. And now, the anointing of the Holy Ghost is here. You're aware of that. And you are a Christian. You're not a hypocrite. You're a Christian standing here before me, because, as soon as I catch your spirit, feels welcome. Right. You're a Christian. I don't know you, never seen you, know nothing about you. We was probably born way apart, and might've lived around here, and I never seen you before, but God knows you. But, if God, by His Holy Spirit, can go into your future like He did the woman at the well, and tell you what you're standing here for, then will you receive Him and believe that it's not your brother, that it's the Lord Jesus that's standing present? You'll believe it, and will accept it? If it's finance trouble, if it's sickness, if it's ... whatever it is, spiritual problems, whatever it is, He'll give it to you, if you'll believe it, 'cause every promise is to you. Now, as the audience is still hearing my voice, I wish everyone could see what I'm looking at: A light moving between me and the boy, moving way away. And, I see the boy moving away from some place. That it must be his home. He is a Southerner, and he's got a... I see a blood-like dripping. He's got a blood condition, and he's got a stomach trouble---has trouble in his eating. That's true. That's right. The man doesn't come from here, either. He comes from Macon, Georgia. And he's a preacher. And his name is Smith, and his first name's Arthur. That is right. Return home, rejoicing and praising God, in the name of the Lord Jesus.

**51** Do you believe? Have faith. The Lord God knows all things. Now, that ought to be sufficient for every person. Everybody, right now, ought to be healed, just at this time. And I tell you that which is true. I do not tell you wrong, I tell you truth. Jesus knows every one of you. Now, let us pray again. Is this the patient, the lady? I've never seen you lady, but God knows you, doesn't He? Do you believe me to be His servant? [The lady replies, "Yes."] Now, the reason I say that, is just ... not believe me as Him, but believe that He sent me. Now, I never sent myself; He sent me, that I might be a help. You're a woman, I'm a man. Between us is God. You're His daughter, I am His son. And then, in here, there's something wrong with you, and God sent me to use my mouth to tell you something that He wants you to know, so that... And then He told you through the Word, but now, so that you'll... In this great day of Science and everything, so that you'll know He really resurrected and is here. You'll believe then, won't you, with all your heart. You got, one thing, an extremely nervous condition. I see you just walking the floor from nervousness. Walk to a window, come back, walk in the other room, back and forth. And there's something dropping as you... Oh, it's a bladder condition. That's right. And I see one, two, three, four, five, six, seven times you've been in for the healing of it---for operation. (That's right.) It's failed every time. Jesus Christ the Son of God is here to make you well. Do you believe it? Dear heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, bless this woman who's standing here. And may she go and be healed in Jesus' name. Amen. The Lord be merciful to her.

**52** How do you do? Just to contact you. We being strangers to each other, not knowing each other, but God knows both of us. Of course, you're wearing your glasses. We'd know that there's something wrong with your eyes. You'd want them prayed for, but maybe, outside of that there might be something wrong with you you'd want me to know. And if there is, and... Are you conscious that this that you feel is God's Spirit? Now, I know it's something; it's an inward feeling, not an outward. You're not feeling like I put my hand on you, but inside of you there's something strangely going on. Isn't that right? because that light's stepping all around over you. You've got trouble with your head, too. That is right. And I see you concerned about a ... it's a boy, a child. It's your grandchild---kind of retarded like. Do you believe Him now? O dear God, who raised up Jesus from the dead, I pray that You'll give blessings to this woman who stands in Your presence, who's faith has spoke in Jesus' name. Amen. God be merciful to you, my dear sister.

**53** Now, don't doubt, only have faith and believe. I'm trying to keep from the audience as long as possible. You've got a wonderful faith moving there tonight. May I talk to the woman just a moment. We, being strangers to each other, lady, don't know one another. But the Lord Jesus knows us both. What if today, if it was two thousand years ago, and the woman had just left the well and come into the city where Jesus was sitting and said, "Come, see a man. Why, He told me where my trouble was.", and you walked out to the well, and there sat the same man. Wouldn't that be wonderful? Well, the world would say, "Oh, but He perished years ago." But He didn't. He was God. He lives today. Just the same today. I'm just a sinner saved by grace, subject to all kinds of mistakes, and ups and downs. Oh, my. Everything wrong with me, but there's nothing wrong with Him. But if He, by His Spirit, and will give me grace to reveal to you the same thing He did to that woman, what your trouble is, will you accept Him as the resurrected one? Not knowing you, I wouldn't know what's wrong with you, certainly, but the reason that you're here... I see someone else standing. It's a boy. He's drinking, staggering along, reckless in his driving, and everything. You're afraid something's going to happen to him. I see another man come on the scene, and that must be your husband. He smokes and you don't want him to do that. You're a gallant woman, standing and asking for that which is right. May God grant you your request, my dear, beloved sister. In the name of the Lord Jesus, I bless thee, for the great principle in this and things [unclear words] . And God give you the desire of your heart, my beloved sister. Amen.

```
John 4:29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?

```
**54** Being strange to you, lady, there is no way for me to know you except we would have introductory, and we would sit down and you'd talk to me and tell me what's your trouble. That would be the human side. But if there's someone here who knows you... If I told you, "Lady, you're sick." And you'd say, "Yes." Well, you're ... or, you'd tell me, you'd say, "Mr. Branham, I come to you to pray for me, because I'm sick." Well, I'd say, "All right. You're going to get well." You'd have a right to doubt that. That's just a man. 'Cause you don't know that's in the future. But what if God, here tells you what... Maybe God told me that. But what if He tells me what was in the past? Then you know whether that's true or not. That's a miracle. Isn't it? That's looking down your life by the spirit of a seer. God said, in the last days that your old men would dream dreams, your young men would see visions. That's God's promise. Is that right? Then He's true to His promise. Believe. Your trouble is in the mid-part, the abdomen, stomach. You're under a doctor's care. And the doctor's puzzled about your case. He don't know whether it's a tumor, or whether it's malignant, cyst. He's mentioned several things, but he don't know what it is. And I see a little table coming out, or a chart. You're scheduled for an operation. That's right. And that's to become about the middle of the week. About Wednesday you're up for an operation. That's true. Do you believe that God will let you live? Do you believe that Jesus said, "If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover."? Come here. Dear Heavenly Father, as the woman stands here, her life is open before You. Now, if she can have faith, she lives. If not, she doesn't. And I pray, God, and join my faith with the rest of this church, as I lay my feeble unworthy hands upon this suffering mortal, and ask for her life to be spared. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The Lord bless you, my sister, and be kind to you.

```
Joel 2:28 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

Acts 2:17 And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:

```
**55** Be reverent just a moment, don't move. I can't do but turn. He's turning me, see. The woman sitting there with heart trouble, looking over the top of that man's head is praying so hard for me to call her. That's right, isn't it, mother? That's right. And the man sitting next to you has something wrong with his throat, and he wants to be healed also. That is right, sir. Raise your hand up. Now you put your hands on each other while we pray. Kind Heavenly Father, they have touched the High Priest in the supernatural world, not in the natural world. Not with their hands, but their faith. I pray, that in return, that the blood of Jesus Christ that was poured out freely at Calvary will now be for their healing; they have their desire. I pray in Jesus' name. Amen.

**56** Only believe. Do you believe? You're shadowed. You're real nervous, like a breakdown, just going into it. You even had all kind of silly thoughts come to your mind. I see you moving back and forth; even to a place that Satan trying to lie to you, telling you you've crossed the line, you could do anything, but he's lied. Let me tell you so you'll be sure to know that I be God's servant. You've got something in your throat, too, haven't you? Now do you believe me? Now, the nervousness. If you just believe right now, that thing will leave you right here, by the grace of God, and the prayer of faith. And Satan knowing that... He's standing so close to that real Holy Spirit, he'll have to leave you now. But, if you'll have faith, he'll remain away from you. Frankly, he has left you now, that fear and things is gone. Now, if you can believe, it'll always be gone, and you'll feel free like that. Do you want to feel that way all the time and be free? Come here. Dear God, with hands laid upon her, and the Holy Spirit here anointing, I pray that You'll make these things manifest in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, Lady. Go believing, having faith.

**57** Heart trouble is not a hard thing for God to heal, 'cause He can make it well. Do you believe that? You're really nervous, too, all upset and everything. Not a nervousness of outward, but you're nervous inward, because you're just ... you think and plan and everything and that's just, kind of your nature. That's what makes you feel fluttery in the way you do, but God's here to make you well. Do you believe that? Come here. I bless thee, my beloved sister, not because that there would be anything in me could do so, but because that Jesus Christ said, "You lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." In this I lay my hands upon her as a believer, in Jesus Christ's name, that she shall recover. Amen. Go, and believe, and have faith. Don't doubt.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**58** Do you believe, sister, that you're standing in the presence of the Lord Jesus and not your brother? You've had your ups and downs of life, as I see a long, black shadow following you along. You've had times that you tried to consecrate yourself, and not be able to do it. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind. I'm only anointed with the Holy Ghost---the resurrected Jesus. Now, finally, you've got acid in your blood, and caused you to have arthritis. You're stiff of a morning when you get up, can hardly walk around, and you... Isn't that true? Now you know there's Something here telling me that, isn't there? You want a full consecration, and a pure deliverance by the Holy Ghost. I'll pray for you if you accept it. Our kind Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus Christ Your Son, I bless this, my beloved sister, and I cast away the devil from her, and all the fear. And may she go and receive that which she asks for. In Jesus Christ name, I join my faith with her. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, go and live a real consecrated...

**59** Oh, my. There's plenty of urgencies in the audience tonight. Real nervous, aren't you. Just... Do you believe that God can make you well? Will you believe it with all your heart? Come here just a moment. He's done left you, but I just want to lay hands on you anyhow. Dear Heavenly Father, just seeing that black shadow move away from this woman immediately, it knows... Satan knows that You're here. Many times he knew it before the believers, that are the "so-called" believers, in the days gone by. And I pray that You'll bless my sister, and may it be faith from her, every affliction of her body, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go believing.

**60** Do you believe? Let us say, "Praise the Lord" tonight. Just only believe. See the light hanging over the little lady, praying? Fear not, sister. You had stomach trouble, but Jesus Christ make you well. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe that God'll make you well? You do? You can have what you ask for. Jesus Christ heal you. Yes, you believe that Jesus make you well? Amen. It was you that screamed. He heard. You touched His garment. It just happened to be something struck that elderly lady sitting back there, 'cause, she had the same thing and wanted to be healed. When it left you, it left her. Mother, raise up your hand, accept it. That's right. Now go, you can both be well. You're free from it. See, the devil got all disturbed. It's a nervous condition---a devil.

**61** Hallelujah! J-I-O-V, Jehovah-jireh, Jehovah-rapha---Jesus Christ the Son of God! Let all praise and glory be unto His holy reverent name. Amen. Isn't He wonderful? He said, "If thou canst believe." You thought He missed you on that rupture, didn't you, brother? "Pass me not, O gentle Saviour." Your eyes... The lady sitting next to you, thought He missed you. Just believe. That's all He said to do. Just have faith in God. How do you do, sir? Supposingly we're strangers to each another, sir. I've never seen you in my life. We're totally strangers to each other. That is right. If I be God's servant... Maybe you'd have a right to doubt me as a man, but if God will prove that He's here, and it's not me, then you'd believe Him, would you? You would? Had a lot of trouble, haven't you, in your chest? You've been operated on for trouble and... There was like a derrick, or something fell on you and did this. That's right. And above everything---you need healing for your body---but above everything, you need healing for your soul, because you're a sinner. You've never accepted the Lord Jesus. Will you now accept Him as your personal Saviour? You now believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and accept Him as your personal Saviour? Thy sins be forgiven thee. And may the God of heaven heal this body, and raise him to strength and health. In Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. Go on your road, brother. Your sins are forgiven and you're going to be well. God bless you, brother.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**62** Let us say, "Praise be to the living God." Dost thou now believe. Can you believe for with all things? What if I never said a word to you, and said that Jesus Christ made you well, would you believe it? You would? Then go rejoicing and be happy and say, "Thanks be to God." What if I told you, when you was standing down there a while ago, and I looked around at you, and you kind of looked, kind of strange at me... Remember when I looked at you down there? All that trouble left your back. You was already healed, before you left. You're shadowed for death, lady. Do you know that? A few moments ago when I was speaking to a lady here on the platform that had cancer, my, something struck you. Very weary. That's when it left you. Now, if you'll just believe, you can go on have what you ask. God bless you. Let us say, "Praise the Lord."

**63** How do you do, little man? Do you believe? With all your heart? Bless his little heart. Come here, sonny boy, to Brother Branham. You like to go to church? You know when the Sunday School teacher tells you about Jesus taking little boys and girls, and laying His hands upon them, and they'd get well of their sickness and so forth? Do you remember that? Now, Jesus was crucified so that He could live forever, see. Jesus lost His life so He could find it, see. And He has His life, and gave His life so we could have life too. Now, we believe in Him. And we don't want the life of the world. So, we lost our life so we could find it. Is that right? There's a connection with the lady and little boy there---with this child. I felt the Holy Spirit and the Angel went right straight over it that hangs over that one now. The child being anemic, but God can heal. Don't you believe that? Glands. You've got a double hernia. O great Jehovah. Jehovah-rapha, in the form of the Holy Ghost, who provided a lamb on the mountain for Abraham that offered up in Isaac's stead. Come now! and do Thy great work upon this family. I bless them, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go, my little lad. And God go with you. Coming with the lad a few moments ago, and speaking of heart trouble to that person, you just felt, didn't you, that something was taking place. Isn't that right. Now, go on rejoicing and saying, "Praise be to God."

**64** Our beloved Saviour knows all things. And He can make you to eat, have a good strong stomach, and just eat and do like you want to do. Don't you believe that? You do? Do you accept Him now as your healer? The Lord God bless you, my dear brother. And I lay my hands upon you for your healing, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, my brother. Come now. What if I said you were healed, sitting there. Would you believe it like the others who did? Then go rejoicing, saying, "Praise be to God." Brother Krause, I know you. I know your trouble, so I don't have to call it, see, 'cause I know you. It's that stone in that ... kidney stone coming down. But, dear God of heaven... My gallant brother, in His presence, if I had the power to heal you, I'd do it. I'd move that kidney stone. But He who stands here between us has all the power. So, I lay my hands upon thee, my gallant brother, and I condemn this sickness that would take your life. I condemn this enemy. And ask it in the name of Jesus Christ the Son of God, that he lives many a long, happy year. For God, I believe the man is worthy who I ask for, in the name of Jesus Christ I ask it. Amen. God bless you, my dear Brother Krause.

**65** O how wonderful! Do you believe Jesus would heal you of high blood pressure, sister, sitting there looking at me? You was so earnest about that as you was looking. You touched His garment. That's right. Do you believe that He'll do it and let you heal? Raise up your hand then. Oh, isn't He so real? Isn't He? Jesus said, "I can if ye believe." Isn't that right? Interested in him, aren't you, lady? God can heal that back trouble. You know that. Heal the eyes of you too. Do you believe that? Put your hand over on him. Dear Heavenly Father, in the name of Thy beloved Son, the Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, that as I feel my strength moving away now, I pray that You will heal them and make them well, in Jesus' name, Thy Son. Amen. Don't fear. Believe.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**66** Oh, mother, it wasn't them, it was you. You think God would heal you of those headaches so you wouldn't have them no more? Do you believe it? All right. You can have it then. The elderly lady sitting next to you, she has a pressure too, and a ladies' trouble. And she has headaches also, this lady on this side, headaches, too. That's right. Don't you, lady? It just left you just then when the sister was healed, you were also. Oh, He's so wonderful. Both of you, together, your faith makes you well. Nervousness is a horrible thing, but Jesus Christ can make you well. Do you believe it? I want to show you something. How many out there are suffering with nervousness? Just raise your hand. Look here, lady. Look at there, see. That's the reason it's just pulling the life from me, see. I just feel the perspiration running all over me. I get weak, and my hands and face and lips feel real sick, and I know it's... What are you scared of, sister? Just don't know, do you? Just seems to happen. You just can't help it. Oh, go and be well now and happy. If God will let me prove it to you, right now, by knowing you, not knowing you only through the Spirit, will cast it away; will you go and believe with all of your heart? Come here. The rest of you nervous and upset and asthmatic people, bow your heads. Satan, I know you're not afraid of me, or no other person here, but you're afraid of the One who's watching over us. You have no rights. You were robbed at Calvary. Not robbed, but you were stripped. And you have nothing. You're a bluff. And I cast you away from this woman, and the rest of them out there. In the name of Jesus Christ, come out of them. Amen. Now, now look here. Now, you feel different, don't you? ["Yes, I do."] Amen. The rest of you will too. Do you believe? Why can't you be healed then? Let us all be healed.

**67** How do you do, sir? I don't know you. I'm a stranger to you. Do you believe Jesus can make you well? If He doesn't, you must die shortly. You know that. Cancer---rectal. That's right. You couldn't afford to go in your condition, either. You're a sinner. You want to be saved? You want to accept Him as your Saviour now? O God, a man laying in the dark shadows and cold. Not a blind man. He has been blind spiritually, but now he sees. He raises his hand to You, God. He accepts You as his Saviour. Spare his life, dear Father. Let him live. May his sins be under the blood at this hour. May Your power come upon him, and heal him, I pray in Jesus' name. God bless you, sir. You feel different now, don't you? Raise your hand and praise God. Say, "Glory!" Hallelujah! Do you want the same Lord. Do you want the same blessing? Stand up on your feet, everybody, raise up. O God, in Jesus name, thank You for saving sinners, for healing the sick, and I cast out every evil spirit in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
