---
Date: 1956-12-07
Title: Gifts
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Maranatha Temple in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 33 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Gifts



**1** You may be seated if you will just a moment. Good evening, friends. I'm happy to be here tonight to greet you again in the name of our lovely, risen Lord, who is in the glory of His resurrection, and He's present tonight to bless us. So happy to be here and to have this privilege. My son just said a few moments ago, while standing in the room, while we were waiting to come in, when they started singing, "Only Believe," he looked around at me and I was praying. I looked up, and he said, "Daddy, how many times has that called you to the platform?" Thousands across the world in all different kinds of languages. I heard the natives of Africa with about fifteen different vocabularies calling it, all singing, "Only Believe," at once. And had to keep them fenced off on account of tribal wars. And yet they all sang together "Only Believe." What a wonderful... I said, "Yes, some glorious day, if I go before Jesus comes, and when they're putting me down in the ground, they're going to sing, 'Only Believe.'" If you see it in the newspaper or something another, hear it on the radio or whatever, somebody tells you, stop just a minute and think of that song, "Only Believe." Because I believe that someday I'll come out of there just as sure as I going in.

**2** Someone said, not long ago, said to me, said, "Brother Branham, I would like to talk to you about an insurance policy." Now, insurance is fine. I have nothing against it, but I don't carry any of this kind of insurance. And so the agent seemed to think that I'm a little off about it. But, maybe I am, but I was mistreated, my father was one time by an insurance company. He was sold a twenty year endowment was supposed to pay off so much at a certain time. When it come time, it was supposed to be worth five hundred dollars and he misread it. It was worth a dollar and fifty cents total. And I just never taken any insurance. So then, seeing how my old dad had to work for that and then be like that, to my brother and I. And I said... A friend of mine said, "Well, Billy, I just want to sell you some insurance." I said, "Oh, Wilmer, I don't want it." I said, "I've got insurance." "Oh," he said, "you have?" I said, "Yeah, I got insurance." And he said... My wife looked down at me as if to think, "Are you storying?" And I said, "No, I have insurance." He said, "What insurance do you have, Billy?" I said, "Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine." And so, he said, "Well, that's all right, Billy, but that won't put you in the graveyard." I said, "It'll take me out. That's the thing I want. I'm not worried about getting in there, it's getting out. So I'd rather have one that'll take me in there ... or, take me out of there instead of one to put me in there. The blessed assurance Jesus is mine! Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine! An heir of salvation, purchase of God, Born of His Spirit and washed in His blood.

**3** What a beautiful thing that is. Well, now, tonight I promised by the grace of God, I'm going to let you out early. I am... You know, I don't preach by notes. I don't premeditate anything I'm going to say. And it's just inspiration. And just as I see it, I just say it. And as long as it keeps coming, I just keep talking. So I just don't know ... I just don't know any better. And so I ought to have mercy on those that were going to work, though, and things. My brothers and sisters, I certainly feel ashamed of keeping you that long, and I don't mean to do it. But I just love you, and I think you're very fine listening audience. And it's a pleasure for any minister to preach to an audience like we've had here each night. And I appreciate that. And I'm not saying that complimentary. I'm just ... I'm saying that because it's the truth. And if it wasn't the truth, then I wouldn't say nothing at all, just go ahead. But, yeah, I think I'd rather give you a little rose bud now, than a whole wreath after you're dead, you see. So it's best to do it right now. And it's been a pleasure.

**4** I've been a little nervous, because ... since I've been up here and I haven't been able to carry my text and so forth and to minister like I should. I have started something. My meetings has always been at low ebb for a long time. I've seen it. So I asked the Father to help me, and I seen the dropping down in my mail, drop from fifteen hundred letters a day down to about fifteen letters a day, because no one could put their finger on me. I was gone somewhere and waiting till the Lord told me for a move before I'd ever move. And it wasn't an act of faith then, it was just simply just waiting, waiting, waiting. And the Lord kind of checked me up on that, so I purposed in my heart, then, if He would help me that I was going to do different. And just as you start to do something for God, then expect all the guns of hell to turn right on you, see.

**5** And I got poisoned the other night, and I almost slipped out of life. I've been real weak and nervous since I've been here. But the Lord has been good to me. I feel better, and kind of coming out of it now. I just been eating soft food or something, because it upset me all through. I was just poisoned, broke out all over my body and everything. And I just trusted Him, and He seen me through. And I desire your prayers that He will continue... Not that I deserve to live, but because of the Gospel is what I want to live for. When that time comes, I want to try to do everything that I can and put all my life in, and from henceforth, I've bypassed brethren...

**6** My secretary called me; he said, "Billy, it's not fair to the people." He said, "You got a ministry. Here's four hundred major cities in America calling you right now, right here on my desk." And said, "Besides, pretty near every nation under the heavens is calling. And here you are a slip in, slip out, and turn them to this one and that one, just to make arrangements and just bypassing there. Nobody knows where to catch you, see. You're out in the woods or done somewhere, or gone here." Something like that. Said, "Why, don't you settle yourself down and go on?" So I prayed over it, and the Lord let me know that that was right. So He started right off, and I pray that God will help me, give me strength. And I'm depending on you all for your prayers for me.

**7** Now, here's some handkerchiefs here to be prayed over. And tonight, I tried to give to preaching, if I could just for a little bit, just a little text to talk to you, to get you better acquainted with the ministry. Tomorrow morning is the Christian Businessmen's breakfast. And I think ministers' wives and what more is invited; anybody that wants to come is invited. Many of you brethren, perhaps, are members of this fine organization of the Christian Businessmen. They have been very kind to me. I've spoke for them everywhere. And they have been very kind. Demos Shakarian, their president, and Miner Arganbright, vice-president, and many of the others, and Tommy Nicholson as the editor of their paper... And I'm always happy to get to help them because it's in the line.

**8** Myself, when I was a Baptist and come to you Full Gospel people, the first thing... Each denomination wanted me to come and join their ranks. I wouldn't do that, because if you do, what little influence I have, it throws it to one denomination. I've tried to stand right in the breach and say, "We're brethren, all of us; we're brethren." And I like to see a united effort for all churches for the Lord Jesus Christ. And now, that's my motive is to keep that that way and just stand in the breach and don't join any certain denomination, just stay in between, so we can be brothers and not have any different feelings, and say, "Well, now, he's a Presbyterian, or he's a Baptist, or Pentecostal." I'm just your brother. That's all. And so... Your denominations are fine; they're dandy; I love them, every one. But they're not what takes you to heaven. Christ is what takes you to heaven, your faith in Christ.

**9** So now, on these handkerchiefs: The greatest ministry that the Lord has given me almost is on handkerchiefs. Oh, I could spend hours just on telling about it. And we send out thousands of those a month, all over the world. And I'm glad to see that you believe the Bible. Now, a lot of people pour ... many people, rather, pour oil on them and anoint them. That's all right. That's fine. Whatever the Lord will bless, I'm for it. But if you'll watch in the Scripture, it wasn't that Paul anointed them. They taken from his body (Acts 19) handkerchiefs and aprons. Now, you know, I believe Paul was a fundamentalist. I believe he was very Scriptural on what he done. You know where I think he got that at? I think when he got that out of the Scripture where Elijah, when the Shunammite woman come to him and asked about her baby. And Elijah told Gehazi to take his staff and go lay it on the baby. For Elijah knew what he touched was blessed, if the woman would just believe it the same way. So I think that's where Paul got his Scripture for taking handkerchiefs and aprons from the body. However, these are some handkerchiefs that represent sick people.

```
2 Kings 4:26 Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well.

2 Kings 4:29 Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.

Acts 19:12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

```
**10** Before we go any farther, let's ask the Lord to bless these in their effort. Thank you, brother. Now, our kind, heavenly Father, it's a privilege tonight, to have ... to call You Father, to know that Father is "ownership." And we love Thee because Thou does own us, and we're not our own. For we have been bought by a price, the price of the blood of the Lord Jesus. And in that we trust, and we thank Thee for this Christian land where the doors are still open, and the Gospel can be preached in the freedom of speech and thought. And we thank Thee for that. And now tonight, these people have a right to bring these handkerchiefs as tokens of their faith. Way out across the land, maybe some old dad in a little apartment's blind tonight. These handkerchiefs is going to him; some mother taking it to her baby that's raging with a fever. We don't know where they go, Father, but Thou does. And I pray that You'll bless them. Bless the people that packed them.

**11** And now, we're taught in the Scriptures that one day when Israel had been cornered... They were trying to follow God. The great pillar of fire had led them down to the river. And there they was with their leader, Moses. And they were cornered: the mountains, the sea, and Pharaoh's army coming, pursuing them. They were trapped; nature trembled. Oh, what a scene. But it's at that time that God likes to come on the scene. The writer said, "He looked down through the pillar of fire with angry eyes at the Red Sea, because it was cutting off the people from the promised land." And the sea got scared, and it moved back, and the children of God passed on through the bed of it on dry land towards the promised land. Father God, tonight as we send these handkerchiefs, it's a token of our faith in the finished work of Christ at Calvary. And we thank Thee, that we have this faith and the people has faith. And now, when they're laid upon the sick bodies, and they reach their destination where they are going, we pray that You'll look down through the blood of the Lord Jesus, and may the disease get scared, that's in the body, when they see this token. And may the people be liberated and taken on to the promise that God had said in His Word, "Above all things, I would that you prosper in health." Grant it, Father, for that's the purpose we send them for. In the name of Thy beloved Child, the Lord Jesus, we ask it. Amen.

```
Exodus 14:21 And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

Exodus 14:22 And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

3 John 1:2 Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.

```
**12** In the reading of the blessed Word of the Lord Jesus tonight... I just love to read His Word. And Sunday afternoon I have a special message, if the Lord permits. I want to speak Sunday afternoon over at the music academy on, Why Doesn't People Keep The Holy Spirit? See, what happens? And why don't they receive it, and what kind of a time do they have receiving it? And bring out your unsaved ones for Sunday afternoon. It'll be a regular Gospel message for Sunday afternoon. Then Sunday night's the closing of this part of the campaign. I think Brother Hutchins going on. And now, ministering brethren, you that's here, and in your ... if you will... I am hoping someday to return. Now, Brother Hutchins: The reason I'm here in this one church is because that Brother Hutchins is a bosom friend of mine. And he's tried for years to get me to come here. And I come, not because that I'm pushing someone else off, but just for love for Brother Hutchins. And I hope that someday, you my brethren, and you the people of the churches that your pastor may not could be here tonight or anytime, give them my love and regards; and let them know that someday I hope to return in a great union meeting where we can have... This is just the introduction.

**13** And on Sunday... If you will, brethren, announce it in your churches "Sunday afternoon." So, usually we close our service on Sunday night, so that the church can go back to their places, in the big campaign. But this Sunday afternoon, if you don't have a program, bring your sinner friends and bring them out to the meeting, if you will. I'd be very glad for you to come. We'll do all we can to lead them to Christ. Now, and tomorrow morning's breakfast, all of you come, because I want to introduce to the businessmen a little drama that leans towards the meeting in Christ. I want you to---or, Christ in the meeting, rather---if you can, come.

**14** Now, in the book of Saint Matthew and the 24th verse of the 12th chapter, I wish to read this for a way of text. And the queen of the south shall rise up in the day of judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here. And may the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word. Now, how many loves the Word? Do you love It with all your heart? Oh, that's where our faith is anchored: in the Word of God. And now faith has no other stabled, anchored place but in the Word of the Lord. And I'm so glad. See, it can't be... Faith can't find a resting place on the imaginary minds of man's self-made theologies. It's got to have its resting place in the eternal rock of God's Word. There it anchors, because God said so. He said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but My Word shall never fail." So we can be assured that His Word never fails.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Matthew 24:35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.

Mark 13:31 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

Luke 21:33 Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.

```
**15** Now, we're going to speak about gifts tonight, and that's the reason I took tonight for this purpose, that we could kind of explain and take my time, watching the clock and take my time, and explain to you what I think gifts are. Now, the first place, the Bible said that "Gifts and callings are without repentance." It's something that God by sovereign grace puts into the church, see. God does that Himself. It's a work and an act of God, and by foreknowledge He predestinates these things to happen. Now, as I say, "God is not willing that anyone should perish." But in the very beginning God knew who would be saved and who would perish. Foreknowledge let Him know that if He's the infinite God. Why, He certainly cannot... He's not willing that any should perish, but He knew from the beginning. He knew every fly, every flea, every person that would ever be on the earth, He knew them before the foundation of the world, 'cause He's infinite.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**16** And we know that He's omnipresent, that He's everywhere. He covers all space. He's omniscient; He's all wisdom. He's omnipotent; He's all power. And that's the kind of a God that we serve. It's not some pagan idol. It is a living, resurrected Lord Jesus Christ. And the Holy Spirit which is the Spirit of the Lord Jesus that covers the whole earth. And He can be everywhere; He knows all things. He's got all wisdom and all power. What a wonderful God. And to know that it's not just some make-up. It's just not somebody's theology. But He lives with us, shows Himself, and proves Himself alive. Oh, should we not be the most happy people in the world? Our hearts should be racing swiftly.

**17** And traveling around over the world and seeing the different nations with their gods, and their idols, and so forth, and all their philosophies, and then know that they're all foolishness. There's not a one of them... Their founders are dead and in the grave and gone. And only one that can prove that their Leader lives and reigns. Now, they'll call your hand if you tell them you got ... that you can have joy. They have joy, too. You say you can shout. You ought to see them shout. And you can say how happy you are. You ought to see how happy they are. But our Jesus comes on the scene and does the same things that He did when He was here before. So that proves that He lives. He is not dead. He's alive forevermore.

**18** And don't be afraid. He's at... No matter how many atomic bombs they have, how many hydrogen bombs, and how much they speak of this and this is going to happen. Don't be scared. God's at the wheel. He knows just how to steer. He knows just how it's coming out. So we don't have one thing to fear, but be just a lovely, little carefree child, who's looking up to Father every minute, and depending on Him to lead us, guide us, and to take us into our destination by His grace. And by loving Him that way, you wouldn't do nothing to harm Him. Why, if you'd do anything to harm Him, well, all through the night, your hot tears would run down your cheeks in repentance. Because you wouldn't hurt Father for nothing. Would you... You wouldn't hurt your little baby; you'd hate to do that. You'd hate to hurt the feelings of your wife or your husband. How much more your Lord and Saviour, would you, if you love Him.

**19** If you love your wife, you wouldn't hurt her. If you love your children, you wouldn't want to do anything wrong to them. And how about your heavenly Father? So you see, "Though I speak with tongues of men and angels, and though I have all knowledge and all wisdom, though I have faith to move mountains and have not love, I am nothing, see. "Where there's tongues, they shall cease and where there's prophecy, it shall vanish. And knowledge shall vanish, and prophecy shall fail, and all these things. But when that which is perfect is come, it endures forever." Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood Shall never lose its power, Till all the ransomed church of God Be saved, to sin no more. (See.) Ever since by faith I saw that stream Thy flowing wounds supply, Redeeming love has been my theme, And shall be till I die. That's my theme, is love. Law works fear. Law is negative; works is negative. But love is positive, see? It's absolutely positive. You can trust anybody when they love you, not because they fear you, but because they love you. And that's how I trust Him, because I know He loves me. And it's a love affair, and not a works affair of fear, and "if," and "if," and "if," and if, there's no "if" to it. God's done it, and that settles it. So I love Him for it.

```
1 Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.

1 Corinthians 13:2 And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.

1 Corinthians 13:10 But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.

```
**20** Now, gifts and callings are without repentance. God all through the ages has been represented on the earth through His prophets, through His kings. And it's always been the Spirit of God. If we had the time tonight to go down like to Joseph, dig out those nuggets and polish them up. I love... I'm a typologist, and I love to get the old types. Not having an education, then I have to go to types, because types... If I saw the type... If I was watching in my shadow, and I never seen myself, and I seen what my shadow looked like, I'd have some idea of what I would look like. And that's what all the Old Testament was: a shadow of the New Testament to come. And if I see how God dealt with men there, I see how God will deal with men over here. I see what kind of a recompense of reward for disobedience, I know what it'll be over here. So all the old things was a shadow of the new to come. And how we love to go back in the Old Testament and dig up those old nuggets, prospect, you know, dig them out, polish them up, look at them. And every one of them will point to Calvary, the finished work. Everything of the Old Testament will point to the finished work of the Lord Jesus at Calvary.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**21** How Joseph was a perfect type of Christ. How Moses was a type of Christ. Moses the lawgiver, the priest... How that Joseph was the prince of prosperity: everything he did prospered. When he was here on the earth, put him in the dungeon, everything prospered; put him in Pharaoh's place, everything prospered. Wherever he went, he was the prince of prosperity. And when He comes again in His glory, the desert shall blossom as a rose, and we'll have no more deserts; and everything will prosper in the great millennium when the prince of prosperity arrives. How wonderful. Notice how that Joseph was loved of his father, hated of his brethren, sold for almost thirty pieces of silver, throwed into a ditch to be dead, taken up, and set at the right hand of the greatest commercial city in the world. No man could come to Pharaoh, only through Joseph. Jesus sold for thirty pieces of silver by His brethren and was taken up, sitting at the right hand of God, and no man can come to the Father except by the Son.

```
Genesis 37:4 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.

Genesis 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.

Isaiah 35:1 The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.

Matthew 26:15 And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.

John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

Hebrews 10:12 But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;

```
**22** And when Joseph went forth, there was a proclamation signed, runners went before saying, "Bow the knee; Joseph is coming." Oh, every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess the Lord Jesus Christ. Whether you do it now or your works go on before you, whatever it is. Someday, you've got to bow the knee to the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Notice it, how beautiful. How that in Moses, the law giver, how that he was both a priest and law giver. And how he led the people. That was God in Joseph; that was God in Moses. Look at David when he was dethroned and rejected in his city, and he climbed right up the Mount of Olives, and rejected by his own son. And his people had turned him down. And as he went up the hill, he went up weeping, looking back over Jerusalem, weeping. What was it? It was the Spirit of Christ in him. When the Son of David came, some eight hundred years later, he sat on the same hill, rejected of His own, and wept over Jerusalem and said, "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft would I have hovered you as a hen covers her chicks, and you would not." All the Old Testament, just a foreshadow of the New Testament, the things to come.

```
Genesis 41:43 And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.

2 Samuel 15:30 And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.

Matthew 23:37 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!

Luke 13:34 O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!

Romans 14:11 For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.

Philippians 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;

```
**23** Someone was speaking... I was in Africa not long ago, and they have a very funny... It's a touchy thing in America even on baptism. They baptize three different times. One group of them baptizes three times forward. The other one baptizes three times backwards. And one they baptize one for the Father, one for the Son, and one for the Holy Ghost. And when they do it, they simply bring their creeds into a pagan creed. There's no such thing, see. And then when they... Then, that upsets the Jew. He says, "Which one of them is your God. Is God the Father your God, or is God the Son, or is God the Holy Ghost?" Anyone that knows God, and knows His Bible, know that those three are One. Not three gods, one God, manifested in three persons. In otherwise so that the ones, maybe, who doesn't understand too well, would know: It's three offices of the selfsame God. God the Father was in a form of light. No man could touch Him. He come right down, condescending and come into the Son. It was God, the Son: the same God: "My Father's in Me; it's Him that doeth the works."

```
John 14:10 Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.

```
**24** God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. "I came from God," said Christ, "and I go back to God." He did. It's God all along only three offices, the Fatherhood, Sonship, the Holy Ghost dispensation. It's all the selfsame God. Jesus said, "At that day, you'll know that I am in the Father, the Father in Me, and I in you and you in Me." It's God in us, coming first into a virgin body, virgin born to make a way for the shedding of the blood to reconcile many brethren back to Himself. God represented in human flesh... Do you see it?

```
John 14:20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.

John 16:28 I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.

```
**25** Here, that was God in David. That was God in Joseph. That was God in Daniel. It was God within a measure. It was God in a measure. But when He came into Christ, He became in the fullness of His Being. In Him dwelt the fullness of the Godhead bodily. All the Spirit of God dwelt in Him. It's like this. Now... And as He goes out, one will fuss with the other one. "Did you speak with tongues?" Or, "Did you prophecy?" Now, there's where the people get these gifts all mixed up, see. One will say, "Because you don't do this, you haven't got it; or you don't do this, you haven't got it." Now, you're wrong on that. God is like a great diamond. Listen, so that you can really understand this. God is like a great diamond. And each diamond has a chip ... the diamond has chip places, this big master diamond. And lay it in the light, great rays of light shines off from it. And those are God's messengers, gifts. All of it comes back to the selfsame God. The gifts of healing, the gifts of preaching, the gifts of prophesying, all the spiritual gifts of the body are just rays or reflections off of the selfsame God.

```
Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**26** See the big diamond? For to one is given knowledge, to another, wisdom, to another, gifts of healing, to another one, gifts of prophecy, but all by the selfsame Spirit, the great diamond. And the big rays of light that we see shoot this way and shoot that way, all declare one thing: There is a God that lives and reigns. Amen. And as long as you see those things in operation, know that God still is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If I could go out... I used to preach at the Baptist church at Milltown, Indiana, and I'd come home at night. There used to be an old nightingale sit out there, and he would sing. I noticed on a stormy night, he didn't sing as much as he did on a moonlight night. So I begin to study of the nightingale, and I come to find out that he looks up towards the heavens, and he watches. And as long as he can see a star, he sings, because he knows somewhere the sun is shining. Oh, my, what a lesson we could learn by that. And as long as you can see the Spirit of God operating through one of these little rays of light, there's a God that still lives and reigns. That's right. The nightingale would throw his head up and sing to the top of his voice when he could see one star, 'cause he has to watch the star to sing by. And no wonder, then, it brings us joy. Oh, it's a well bubbling up.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**27** When I was game warden in Indiana, I used to go to a certain place and drink. It was a spring, just bubbled all the time. I thought it was the happiest spring I ever seen in my life. It was constantly bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble. So one day I sat down by the side of that spring, and I said, "I would like to speak to you, Mr. Spring. Every time that I come by here, you're so happy, jumping, bubbling, carrying on the way you do." I said, "Maybe it's because that the animal, the deer comes by and drinks from you, what makes you happy." No, if he could talk, he'd say, "No." I said, "Well, maybe it's because, perhaps, some other animal would drink." "No, that isn't why I'm bubbling." Well, I say then, "Maybe it's because that you just bubble when I come by, and that's what makes you bubble because I drink from you." He would say, "No, that isn't why." I'd say, "Well, what makes you bubble, Mr. Spring?" If he could speak back to me, he'd say, "Now, Mr. Branham, it isn't me bubbling; it's something behind me pushing me and making me bubble." So I think that's the way it is with the church that's born again of the Spirit of God. It isn't so much of the bubbling; it's something in there making it bubble: bubbling up into everlasting life. Fountains of the water of life, freshly, coming every day from the inexhaustible fountain of life, which is Christ Jesus, Who we're planted in Him through the baptism of the Spirit. Amen.

**28** Now, we have the Spirit by these gifts, by portion. But Christ had it without measure. We have it by measure. To one is given knowledge, to another one is given wisdom. There are in the church five offices: Apostles or missionaries, either one; both the same thing; word means "one sent." And apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, and pastors, God sets them in the church. But because one would be an apostle, the prophet couldn't say, "You're not in it." Or the pastor to the evangelist or so forth. But they're all little lines of God that's put into the church for the perfecting of the saints. And in every local body is twelve spirit ... nine spiritual gifts (in I Corinthians 12)--- nine spiritual gifts in each body. They operate separately, but of the same-self Spirit. Now, but in Christ was the fullness. Now, if you see a man here prophesying; and another, a pastor; one, evangelist; and another, a teacher. Now, you can't say you're not in it, because it's just one of them rays off of God. It all points right back to God, that big master diamond. Don't forget that.

```
John 3:34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.

1 Corinthians 12:4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.

1 Corinthians 12:5 And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.

1 Corinthians 12:6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.

1 Corinthians 12:7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.

1 Corinthians 12:8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;

1 Corinthians 12:9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;

1 Corinthians 12:10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:

1 Corinthians 12:28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.

Ephesians 4:11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;

Ephesians 4:12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:

```
**29** And now, if the Methodist is having a revival and they're getting souls saved, and you're a Baptist, don't say that they haven't got any light over there, because they're a light just the same as you are, see. It's all a light from God's big master diamond, the Spirit, the Holy Spirit, working, getting souls saved and ready for the coming of the Lord. Now, now, in Christ dwelt the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He had all the Spirit of God in Him. "I and My Father are one," said Jesus. That's the reason the people couldn't understand Him. Sometimes He'd say something, then look like He turn around and say something different. It was Him speaking, then the Father speaking, see. They were... And even the disciples could not understand Him. And right at the last, they said, "Lo, now speakest Thou plainly. Now, we believe by this that you know all things; no man needs to teach you." Jesus said, "Do you now believe?" After all that time, they couldn't get the... Why? That sometimes He'd say this and then say that. It was Him and the Father speaking.

```
John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 16:29 His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.

John 16:30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.

John 16:31 Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

```
**30** Now, notice closely. Now, God dwelling in Christ used His voice to speak by. Jesus said in His miracles, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." Is that right? St. John 5:19. Then He did not do nothing within Himself. No prophet ever did anything within himself, until first God showed what to do. What a mistake Moses made when he went out without the vision of God and smote down the Egyptian; thought he'd liberate them with his hands, because he thought he had a lot of faith and could do it, because he was called for the job. No matter how much you're called for the job, God has to do the leading, see. He failed of all of his schooling and his military mind and his training as a great Egyptian leader. But yet it failed, 'cause God had a program and we've got to work according to God's program. No matter what we do, how smart we are, we've got to humble ourselves and work according to God's program. Amen. So he failed and God had to keep him another forty years to educate him. So what it was, that he must forget himself, and it's not him, but it was God.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**31** Now, notice, many times people misunderstand. Now, I have to bring this in here to compare something in a comparison. And I hope you don't think it to be a carnal comparison, 'cause I don't mean it upon the operation or something that I do or you'd do. But that it might increase your faith that Jesus has raised from the dead, and He's the same yesterday, today, and forever; and manifests Himself in the same way here in His church that He did when He was here on earth. Oh, I hope you see it. Now, look, in Him dwelt the fullness. He was the diamond Himself. Notice, when God wanted to use His gift, He spoke to the Lord Jesus in the time of Mary and Martha's trouble when Lazarus was going to get sick. Now, remember, Jesus, being questioned, said, "He did not do nothing till the Father showed Him first what to do." Keep that. Now, that is God's eternal Word. And if Jesus told something that wasn't so, then He wasn't Messiah. So that has to be settled the truth.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**32** When a man said not long ago, he believed the devil could heal, because what he could see. I said, "Jesus said he could not heal." So that settles it. "If Satan could cast out Satan, his kingdom is divided." So if Jesus said he can't heal, he can't heal; that settles it. You must believe God's eternal Word. Regardless of what things look like, you believe the Word anyhow. You don't look at circumstance. What if Abraham would've looked at the circumstance? Isaac would've never been born. But Abraham called those things which were not as though they were. And if we're the seed of Abraham, we have the same kind of faith towards God's promise. Those things that's contrary to God's promise, we don't see them and ignore them. Amen.

```
Matthew 12:26 And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?

Mark 3:23 And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?

Mark 3:24 And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.

Luke 11:18 If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.

Romans 4:17 (As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.

```
**33** Brother, that's the faith that was once delivered to the saints: to believe God's Word regardless of what circumstances. That has nothing to do with it. Abraham called those things... And as he got older, the promise looked like it was farther away and farther away. Abraham got stronger all the time, giving praise to God, more of a miracle. When He told him he was going to have a baby, I imagine he got the pins and the Birdseye and everything ready. But when the first month come along, there was nothing doing, "How are you feeling, Sarah?" "No different." He said, "Glory to God, we're going to have it, anyhow." God said so. That settles it. Sure. Second month passed, "How are you feeling, Sarah?" "No different." "Glory, we're going to have it, anyhow." First year passed, no different, "Hallelujah, we'll have it, anyhow." Ten years pass, "Glory to God, we're going to have it, anyhow." He got older all the time.

**34** We claim to be Abraham's seed. But if God don't answer it just like that, to you: "Well, I guess there's nothing to it." Abraham's seed, shame on you. Hold on to God's promises. Call anything else a lie. Keep God's promise in front of you. That's it. After he was a hundred years old, he still said, "We're going to have it, anyhow." And he did. Sure, 'cause it was God's promise. That's what Abraham's seed does. And if we being dead in Christ, we take on Abraham's seed, and are heirs according to the promise. Then what kind of a spirit should be in you? I'm afraid, friends, as I talked to your pastor today, churches get the pastor's spirit instead of God's Spirit. That's right. We don't need one another's spirit; there's no need of that. We need God's Spirit. You go into a church and watch the way the pastor acts; watch the congregation act the same way.

```
Galatians 3:29 And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.

```
**35** That's the reason... You know the Bible said, "I'll give you a new spirit and then give you My Spirit." And many people gets that new spirit just to try to live right, and do right, and never get the Holy Spirit, and try to act by it. And there's the way you get in trouble. That's right. The new spirit; it's a new life. That has nothing... That's good, but God has to give you a new spirit so you can get along with His Spirit. The old spirit you had, you couldn't get along with yourself, let alone God's Spirit. So He gives you a new spirit. And you see people... That's the reason, friends... And as I do as evangelist, I try to stay in the Word, that you get the Spirit of the Word, not based upon some man's theology, but "Thus saith the Lord." I've got to answer yonder in the presence of all of you at the day of judgment. You must take the Spirit of God.

```
Ezekiel 11:19 And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them an heart of flesh:

Ezekiel 18:31 Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel?

Ezekiel 36:26 A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.

Ezekiel 36:27 And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them.

```
**36** That spirit of Abraham, the seed of Abraham, which is the Holy Spirit, we being dead in Christ, take on Abraham's seed and are heirs according to the promise. We have the same kind of faith that Abraham had. And call everything contrary to God's Word as though it was not. God made the promise; I accept it; that settles it. That's all. No matter how I feel, what it looks like, or anything else; God said so and that settles it. There's the children of Abraham, that's the heirs according to the promise.

```
Galatians 3:29 And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.

```
**37** Now, notice when Jesus was here on earth, He said, "I do nothing till the Father shows Me." He could look out over the audience, and when the Father would show Him somebody He could tell them, "Your blood issue... You touched My garment, the blood issue stopped." He could do those things. Someone would stand before Him and come up to Him, and He'd say, "Why, you're a good man. You're a honest man." "How did You know me, Rabbi?" "Before Philip called you when you were under the tree, I saw you praying." Same chapter, come Peter, came up to Him, He said, "Why, your name is Simon." Said, "You're the son of Jona." He said, "I'm going to rename you, and I'm going to call you Peter." How did He know him, where he come from, who he was? The Father had showed Him. He said so. Everything He did, the Father showed Him.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Matthew 9:21 For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.

Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:27 When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.

Mark 5:29 And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague.

Luke 8:44 Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.

John 1:42 And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**38** Now watch, when God was going to use His own gift, He knowed where it was at. Christ was God's gift. Now, I'm talking of Jesus, the body, the Son, now. And when He wanted to use His own gift, He called Him away from Lazarus. And they sent, said, "Come over and pray for Lazarus." A people that had come out of their great orthodox church to follow, what was so-called, a fanatic, a holy-roller. That's exactly what He was called. And all the early Christians was called heretics. That's "crazy," see. So they were all called that, and they come out of the church to follow Him. And He'd live with them. And then, when they sent for Him to come pray for the loved one that was sick to death, He refused to come. What would you do to your pastor? "Oh, I'll go join the Methodists, that's what I will do. If the Methodists does that, I'll go back to the Presbyterians." That's the reason... If you've got a good man of God and he's God's servant, stay with him. But if he isn't a servant of God, get rid of him, get somebody that is. That's the only way to do it. And have faith in your pastor. That's true. Then you'll see the miracles of God happen if you got faith in Him. But He can only help you as you have faith in Him to believe:

```
John 11:3 Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick.

```
**39** Now, Lazarus was dying. They sent again and Jesus just moved on. Why? He knew what was going to happen. Then when the fulfilling of days that the Father had showed Him, which He said, "I do nothing till He shows Me."... And then when He seen the days was accomplished, He turned and said to His disciples, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth." Well, they thought he was taking a rest, said, "Well, he does well." Said... He talked in their language: He said, "He's dead. And for your sake, I'm glad I wasn't there." 'Cause they would be persuading Him to pray for him and do the very thing that God had told Him not to do, see. God said, "You wait, now over here, until he's dead and in the grave four days. And come back and then raise him up from the dead." And Jesus had to leave and obey the Father. Now, you believe that? The Bible said... He said He did nothing until the Father showed Him, and here's what He was doing. See it?

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:11 These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

John 11:12 Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.

John 11:13 Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.

John 11:14 Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.

John 11:15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

```
**40** And He seen then after the days was accomplished, He knowed if He'd have stayed there, they'd have been kept saying, "Oh, Jesus, You mean to say that You're going to let Your buddy die like that? The doctors has turned him down." The historians said he died with hemorrhages of the lungs and so forth. So if he died... "Oh, You're going to let Your friend die? And You mean You won't even pray for him?" "No, I ain't going to pray for him," see. He said, "I'm glad for your sake, that I wasn't there, but I go wake him." Watch Him coming to the grave. When He come up to the grave, He said, "Father, I thank Thee Thou hast heard Me already. But for these who stand by, I say it." He knowed what was going to happen. Him and the Father had talked it over; He'd showed Him, 'cause He said He did nothing till the Father showed Him. He said, "I pray just for an example; for these that stand by, I said it." Then He said, "Lazarus, come forth." And a man that been dead four days, stood on his feet and lived again. Amen.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

John 11:15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.

John 11:41 Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.

John 11:42 And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

```
**41** A woman said to me not long ago (some year or two ago), she said, "Reverend Branham," she said, "you brag too much on Jesus." I said, "Oh, no. No, no, I don't." She said, "Yes, you do." Said, "You brag too much on Jesus." Said, "You try to make Him deity." I said, "He was deity." She said, "If I prove to you He wasn't nothing but a man, by the Bible, will you believe it?" I said, "If the Bible said so." Well, she said, "I'll prove it." She said, "In Saint John the 11th chapter when He went down to the grave of Lazarus, the Bible said, 'He wept.'" Oh, I said, "What's that got to do with it?" Why, she said, "He couldn't have been deity and cry." I said, "You fail to see who He was. He was both God and man." That was a man weeping. But when He stood by the side of the grave, straightened His little figure up, He was the only man that ever could say, "I am the resurrection and life. He that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." Said that to Martha. "Believest thou this?" She said, "Yea, Lord, I believe that You're the Son of God that was to come into the world." Think of that instance. She had a right to upbraid Him. But when she heard...

```
John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

John 11:27 She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

John 11:35 Jesus wept.

```
**42** Now, Martha being kind of dilatory, but she showed herself there what she was really made of. She run right out to Him, passed all the critics, and she run, and fell down before Him. Now, if it'd been us today, she'd say, "Pastor, I want to tell you something. Why did you leave us in this kind of a shape? Now, my poor brother's laying down there dead four days." See, that's the reason God can't do nothing through educated people, know so much, see. Oh, you got it all worked out, you know where everything should be. But Martha just knowed to run to Him. Watch. She fell down in front of Him, she said, "Lord..." That's what He was, "Lord..." Amen. I believe she'd read the Shunammite woman when she went down to the prophet; she knowed that God was in that prophet. If she could ever get to that prophet, she'd find out why her child died. That's the reason she said when she got to the prophet... He said, "God's hid it from me. I don't know what she's worried about." Said, "Is all well with thee and with thy husband, with the child?" The woman said, "All is well." Amen. I like that. She'd come to the spot. Amen.

```
2 Kings 4:26 Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well.

John 11:39 Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.

```
**43** Martha said, "Lord, if Thou would've been here, my brother would not have died." He said, "Thy brother shall rise again." She said, "Yes, Lord. I know he will raise again in the last day." He was a good boy. The Jews believed in the general resurrection of the last day, especially the Pharisees. She said, "I know he will raise in the last days." He said, "I am the Resurrection and Life. He that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live." She said, "I know that whatever... He's dead, he's buried. He's rotting out there in the grave. He stinketh now." But said, "I know that even now, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You."

```
John 11:21 Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.

John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

John 11:23 Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.

John 11:24 Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.

John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:

```
**44** Oh, my, something has to take place. "Even now, Lord, even now, though he's dead, though he's in the grave, though he's stinking. But I know that You're just exactly what You said You was." There's a penitent soul before the Creator. The wheels are coming together. Something's got to happen. Faith in the Word is meeting. "Even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You." Maybe you've been at the hospital. Maybe the doctor says you're going to die. "But even now, Lord..." Can You speak to Him, He's sitting at the right hand of God making intercessions on your confession. "The doctor said I'm going to die, but even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You." You say, "They tell me I'll never see again. I'm blind. But even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You. He's the High Priest of your confession, sitting at the right hand of God, making intercession on what you profess. And you've got a right to profess any redemptive blessing that He's died for. He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him and with His stripes we were healed. "Even now, Lord, I don't care what the doctor says, what the science says. But even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You." Do you believe it? Even now, Lord, whatever You ask Him, He'll do. Something's got to happen.

```
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.

John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

Romans 8:34 Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.

```
**45** There was a heart full of faith looking up. That beautiful girl with the tears rolling down her cheeks, mixed up with her hair, she said, "Even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will give it to You." Said, "Where've you buried him?" Amen. Went down to the grave, weeping. That's right. He was a man when He was crying. But when He spoke to a man that had been dead for four days... His soul was a four-day's journey. I don't know where it was, neither do you. But wherever it was, corruption knew its Creator, and the soul knew its Maker. And a man had been dead for four days stood on his feet and lived again; that was more than a man. That was the divine God of heaven speaking through His Son.

```
John 11:22 But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

```
**46** He was a man when He come down off the mountain, hungry, looking over a tree to find something to eat. He was a man hungry. But when He took five biscuits and two pieces of fish and fed five thousand, that was more than a man. That was God speaking through that man. He was the master Diamond. He was a man when he laid out there on the ship that night with virtue out of Him from healing and preaching through the day, until ten thousand devils of the sea swore they'd drown Him. And that little old ship like a bottle stopper out there on that sea, the devil said, "We got Him." And the helm broke, and the sails down, and the oars gone. And they woke Him. He was a man asleep. But when He put His foot on the brail of the boat, looked up and said, "Peace be still," and the winds and the waves obeyed Him, that was more than a man speaking. That was God speaking out of His Son. He was deity.

```
Matthew 8:26 And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.

Matthew 14:19 And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

Matthew 14:20 And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full.

Matthew 14:21 And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.

Mark 4:39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

Mark 6:41 And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes, he looked up to heaven, and blessed, and brake the loaves, and gave them to his disciples to set before them; and the two fishes divided he among them all.

Mark 6:42 And they did all eat, and were filled.

Mark 6:43 And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes.

Mark 6:44 And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.

Luke 8:24 And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.

Luke 9:14 For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.

Luke 9:15 And they did so, and made them all sit down.

Luke 9:16 Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.

Luke 9:17 And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.

John 6:9 There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?

John 6:10 And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.

John 6:11 And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would.

John 6:12 When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.

John 6:13 Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten.

```
**47** When He died at Calvary, calling for mercy, He was a man calling for help. But on Easter morning when the seals of death and the grave was broke, He rose; He proved He was God. No wonder the people will say: Living, He loved me; and dying, He saved me; Buried, He carried my sins far away; Rising, He justified, freely forever; Someday He's coming---oh, glorious day. Every man or woman that's ever amounted to a hill of beans in this world has been men and women who's believed Him to be deity. Certainly. Ask the poet; ask the prophet; ask Abraham Lincoln; ask George Washington; ask old, blind Fanny Crosby, "What does He mean to you?" She said: Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Thou the stream of all my comfort More than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Or whom in heaven but Thee? Amen.

**48** There He is. He's deity. He was Emmanuel; God in the Person of His Son. God could use His gift. He didn't complain of being weak when God used His gift. But a little woman right after that ... or, before that, she wanted to use God's gift. So she sits up, and she said, "I believe Him to be deity. I believe what He says. He is the Son of God." So she said, "I've had this blood issue here for many years." About eighteen years, I believe the Scriptures says---I'm not mistaken on that---twelve years, she'd had this blood issue for twelve years. The doctors had failed. And the critics were standing by, and the pastors and the deacons standing that morning. And here come the little woman squeezing around. "Here, you mean to tell me you're going to become a holy-roller? Why, you go back up." She just brushed it aside. She had her heart set on meeting Jesus. So brushing aside everything that was contrary, she got to where He was. She touched His garment and turned around, walked back. Jesus stopped and said, "Who touched Me?" He said, "I don't know who touched Me." What was it? God hadn't showed Him nothing. That's right. But the woman's faith had touched that gift. He said...

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Mark 5:25 And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years, which had spent all her living upon physicians, neither could be healed of any,

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

```
**49** But Peter rebuked Him, said, "Everybody's touching You." He said, "But I got weak. Virtue went from Me, somebody touched Me." And He looked around, then where that weakness was coming from, a stream of current of spirit picked out the little woman where she was sitting. Hallelujah! "Thy faith has saved thee." Now, to you people that don't believe in divine healing, the Greek word used there is sozo, "saved, physically saved." Just the same every time, it's translated the same thing, sozo, both physical and spiritual. She was saved from her blood issue. "Thy faith has saved thee." What was it? The woman, with her faith, had contacted God through the Son of God, and had drawed from the Son of God her desire. That was a woman using God's gift. On the platform when God solemnly gives a vision... Now, you said there that in that instance, He said that "I got weak." But how much greater a miracle was it when God used His gift? Here it is. It's like a...

```
Matthew 9:22 But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Mark 5:34 And he said unto her, Daughter, thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace, and be whole of thy plague.

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 8:47 And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.

Luke 8:48 And he said unto her, Daughter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee whole; go in peace.

```
**50** When we were boys, we used to go to the carnival ... or, a circus, it was. And say, for instance, I was a little taller than you. And there's a hole up here; we could peek through it. You couldn't see it, yet you were stronger than me. God makes us different ways. And maybe I could stand on my tiptoes, and grab a hold of the top of the fence, and pull up real hard. I'm answering some questions now that you're asking. "Brother Branham, how is it that these things happen? How can you say to this one out here?" Now, it's Scripture, you know Jesus did the same thing. It's not me; it's Him. And if you didn't have the faith to reach and get it, it'll never happen. It's your faith. If you ever get anything from God, it'll never come through a preacher or a priest. It'll come through your individual faith in the finished work of Jesus Christ at Calvary. Divine healing isn't touching a totem pole, or oil, or something another. It's sovereign faith in the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ. Certainly, It's Christ. It's all finished. It's your faith.

**51** God give things after preaching His Word, sending preachers. He puts gifts. He's not willing that any should perish. He wants you to prosper. He wants you to be healthy. He died for that purpose, and He wants you to see it. And He does everything that there is, even appearing Himself to prove it to you. And still people sit back and say, "Well, it's mental telepathy. It's mind reading. It's of the devil." And the Jews said the same thing. When they seen it done, they said... The woman at the well, He told her her sins ... or, sin that she was doing. When He told Philip down there that He saw Nathanael under the tree, before he come over there. The Jew said, "He's Beelzebub." Jesus said, "I'll forgive you, but when the Holy Ghost is come and does that, you speak a word against that, it'll never be forgiven you." Prophesying that the Holy Ghost would come, 'cause He's raised from the dead, and He's here in the form of the Holy Ghost, the same Jesus.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

```
**52** "The things that I do, shall you do. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world." God in you. Your faith looks to Him. And He's got gifts and so forth in the church that contacts that. That's why they pack me from the platform sometimes. Not me, see? It's the physical part. It's a part that you do. God shows a gift, and it just shows us a place to go. Say, "You go..." Like here, not long ago in Denver. You all read in the paper; "Mysterious things happen on the street." I was over there. That's what it was, see. Nobody knew it. He just told me to go over there, many places. My followers and things know about it. He'll tell me to go somewhere, stand on the street a certain time; there'll be a certain thing happen. It'll happen just exactly that way. Nobody knows where it come from, what about it. Nobody knows. I just go ahead and do what He tells me to do. Well, that don't bother me. But right here on the platform, just one vision will just take the life out of you. Why is it? It's you.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**53** Look at Lazarus. He never said, "I got weak when I raised Lazarus." But when the woman touched His garment for a blood issue, He got weak. Where a man was raised from the dead, after being dead four days, and never got weak. What was the matter? God using His gift, and a person using God's gift. That's what does it. That's the reason He could perceive. It was her faith moving and... Just like here, Jesus was the whole ... all the water in the ocean. This gift is just a spoonful out of that. But if it's ocean water, the same chemicals will be in the spoonful that's in the whole ocean full. See what I mean? The same qualities... What is it to do? To magnify some man or some church? No, sir. It's to magnify Jesus Christ. If it's given any other from that, God will make you answer for it at the day of judgment. I wouldn't say it takes a gift, 'cause they're without repentance: gifts and callings.

```
Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

John 11:44 And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**54** Well now, notice. Now, we're at the carnival. Maybe I was... That's all of us here now; we're at the carnival. And maybe none of you see visions. I don't know. Maybe you'd be some other part, but we are all one big body. Here's a lot of pastors sitting here, good preachers. I can't preach. I wasn't called as a preacher. They can teach. I'm not a teacher, see. I was called to see visions. Well, now maybe here we're put it in a way you'll understand it. Here's one man standing who's short, strong. That's what he is. He can lift up a big something and walk away with it. I'm tall and skinny. I couldn't do it, see. But God made him that way for his work. He made me this way for this work. Now, we're trying to look behind the curtain of time. Well, perhaps I'd be the one to do it. Now, what will I do? I'd jump way up and grab a hold. And the little short fellow, he couldn't do that, and I couldn't lift his load. See what I mean? Maybe you preach, maybe you're a pastor, maybe you're a teacher, maybe you're a evangelist. You don't see visions. I see visions, and I'm none of them, see. But God has set in the church all these things for the perfecting of the body. Now, do you follow me?

**55** Now, I jump up tall, because I'm the tallest. I get a hold of it... Now, here's on the platform. I pull real hard. I look through the hole. "What do you see, Brother Branham?" "A giraffe." Whew. My, wears me out. "Oh, giraffes? "Uh-huh." "Do you see anything else, Brother Branham?" "Well, no." "Look again." I jump way up, grab a hold, pull hard. "What do you see?" "I see a camel." Whew. "What else do you see, Brother Branham?" Oh, my, see. Now, that's what you're doing. You are pulling. You got a... Here's a person on the platform. What is it? We're standing there. I'm yielding myself. The Father just... See, I'm just yielding myself. And you are sitting out there in the audience, and you're saying, "God, let him speak to me. Let him speak to me. I know there's something wrong with me. I don't know what it is, but I know where my trouble is. If he'll speak to me, I'll believe it. I'll believe that You are the same. If he knows me, then I know the man don't know me, then I believe it's You." What's that doing it? Yes, the lady sitting here, she has a so-and-so. She was just praying for... There, see what I mean?

**56** But now, that's in the meeting. But when home: Here's two boys that formed a FBI outfit that come to follow me to see if that was right, these two boys sitting right here. That's right. Ask them what happened. Well, there's more visions at home than there is in the meetings. God using His gift then. But now, standing here, you use His gift. I just yield to it, and you're the one that uses it, see. I just yield myself to the Spirit. That's the reason that picture was taken. That's the reason it's hanging in Washington, DC in the hall of religions tonight. The only supernatural Being was ever scientifically proved to be taken. They've done a lot of bogus things, but there's a FBI documents of that, of George J. Lacy. He said, "The Light struck the lens. It was there." That's all.

**57** And He's right here now, see. And now the only thing, when I know it's close, I just yield myself, and then you pull. See what I mean? But now when God... Say now, God's going to use His gift; I take it back to the carnival. Then here comes the ringmaster along, say, "What's the matter?" I say, "Well, I was looking over the fence." Say, "Well, you're a pretty tall guy, I'll just lift you up." So then when he does that, he lifts me right up with his hands like this and by the nape of the neck and says, "You see, here's the carnival coming this way, and there's all these circus; and it's going to go through here and go out there, come back down." I'm not tired when it sets down. He showed me the whole thing, see. I'm not tired. He lifted me up. Then I come out of them kind of visions, it don't bother me. But when you go to pulling, you're pulling from the strength. See what I mean? Do you understand me now?

**58** Now, that's what the woman done. Reason He felt weak: the woman pulled from God, the things that she wanted from Christ. Now, quickly, we're going right to the point. Gifts and callings, set in the church, are to magnify and to make a people ready. Now, I'm coming to my text. I went way around it, but just about five minutes now and the text. Now, listen real closely. Now, God gave a gift in the time of Solomon. And Solomon had a gift of wisdom. He was smart by wisdom of God, not of his own, but of God. He asked God for that, and God give that to him. And any gift of God will be recognized to be the truth. And everybody going around was finding out what this was, and talk coming about it. Oh, you read II Chronicles the 9th chapter when you go home. And then, way down in Sheba, the queen, a wonderful woman... Listen close now. Everybody, perhaps, come by was telling her, "You should go up to Palestine; the great God of heaven..." Now, she wasn't... She was a pagan.

**59** "Well, the great God of heaven has blessed a man and give him a gift. And his name's Solomon. You should see the power of this gift of the God of Israel." So many people telling her, you know, faith cometh by what? Hearing. Everybody come by. A traveler passed by through Sheba, why, she'd hear of it. "Oh, we've come through Palestine. It's great. God has given a great gift up there." It kept on till the queen said, "You know what? I believe I'll go, see for myself." There's the way to do it. Don't stand off and say, "I don't believe it." See where her name is tonight? Immortal. She's saved, for her actions (watch) towards God's gift. That's the reason Martha got her brother restored back to life: her faith and actions towards God's gift. That was the way the woman got her blood issue healed. Her faith towards God's gift.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**60** And the queen of Sheba, she said, "Now, it may be wrong, but all this, if it is the truth what I hear, it must be marvelous. So I'll go." Do you realize what that woman had to do? She was probably at least three months in the desert, a woman, not with an air-conditioned room, but sitting on a camel. Do you realize what a sacrifice? And tonight, we can hear of God's gift and won't walk across the street. No wonder she'll raise up and condemn this generation. But she wanted to know. It was worth more than life to her. Not only that, but she took riches and gifts to give if it was so. Now, this little woman set out with all these riches, spices, and talents of gold, and everything to give to the cause of God if it was so. She didn't know it was so. She just heard. So faith cometh by hearing. So she goes to the meeting to find out. Look what she had to risk.

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**61** In them days them deserts was full of Ishmaelites and robbers. Why, they would tear that little guard down and take all that gold and stuff. But if you're really seeking God, God will see that you get there (See, there you are.), if you're sincere. She was. She said, "I want to see for myself." So here she goes on the little caravan, night after night, day after day, the toils of the desert, the moans of the camel, the complaints of the servants, the hot blistering sun, its direct rays of that Arabian sun down in there; and that sun in Africa will just burn you up. And she riding along, a queen; all the risks. She didn't care how long it took her. She wanted to see for herself. Oh, if people of the nations, when they hear that God has did anything, if they would just come and be sincere, and see for yourself. Do you get it?

**62** Now, as she come, she came to Solomon. She didn't come just to stay one night. She was going to see the thing through. That's the way to do it. Stay with it. She was going to test it and examine it. So it finally come her turn. And when she stood before Solomon, he revealed to her everything that was in her heart. Hallelujah! God's gifts always work right. Solomon told her the things that was in her heart, according to the Bible, told her every question that was in her heart: God working through His gift. And when the queen got ready to return, what did she say? When she give all these gifts to Solomon, she said, "The things that I heard about was right and even greater than I ever heard." She said, "Blessed be the God of Solomon who has give him all this wisdom and these things."

```
1 Kings 10:6 And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:7 Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.

1 Kings 10:8 Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.

1 Kings 10:9 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the throne of Israel: because the LORD loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee king, to do judgment and justice.

2 Chronicles 9:5 And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:

2 Chronicles 9:6 Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.

2 Chronicles 9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

2 Chronicles 9:8 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.

```
**63** And Jesus, because she did that, being a pagan, and come, and was reconciled to God by seeing the gift of God work perfectly, become a believer in God, Jesus said, "You bunch of educated, church-going hypocrites." He said, "She will raise up in the day of judgment and condemn you, because she come from the uttermost parts of the known world at that day to see the wisdom of Solomon, and yet I say unto you that a greater than Solomon is here." And I say to you tonight, brother and sister, that in the day of judgment, the queen of Sheba will condemn the United States of America. She will condemn the so-called Christian world; because God can do something miraculous, and the so-called churchgoer will stand off on a side and because of personal praises of men or dignity of man-made, self-made things that they have; they'll criticize the Holy Spirit and the workings of the Holy Ghost and call it fanaticism and try to oust it out. And the very words before the Congress today is to stop such meetings as this. Here's the only thing I can say about it. And I say it as a servant of God. I say this: that it's nothing in the world but unadulterated jealousy. That's right.

```
Matthew 12:42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

Luke 11:31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

```
**64** When Peter, James, and John had received power, Jesus gave them power to heal the sick, to cast out devils, to raise the dead. I can show you where God give that power to the church. And you that don't believe in divine healing or miracles, show me where He took it away from the church. But when they received this... The church today isn't needing power. It's needing faith to operate what power it has. You've had so much embalming fluid pushed into you that the days of miracles is past and some old cold morgue with the icicles ... the spiritual icicles hanging down with ninety below zero... And somebody in there with some dead fluid to pump into you to be sure that you stay dead.

```
Matthew 10:1 And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.

Mark 3:14 And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,

Mark 3:15 And to have power to heal sicknesses, and to cast out devils:

```
**65** It's become such a place till the Spirit of God has been grieved, and any church that denies the supernatural, it'll die as sure as I'm standing in this pulpit. He that cometh of God must believe that He is and a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. He is alive. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever in every principle and power: living Christ and not a dead Christ. When these disciples had received that power, look at it, it just lays in men. Oh, they thought they were dignified. And they go right out a few days later and find themselves helpless before an epileptic. They could not cast the devil out. And Jesus come along and He said to them, "Oh, you faithless generation. How long will I suffer you. Bring him here." Oh, brother, when he come before that real Jewel, He cast the devil out of him. And the disciples come to Him, and said, "Lord, did You take Your power back?" He never said, "You don't have power." They said, "Why can't we do it?" He never said, "Well, because you lost your power." He said, "Because of your unbelief."

```
Matthew 17:17 Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.

Luke 9:19 They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.

Luke 9:41 And Jesus answering said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you, and suffer you? Bring thy son hither.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**66** A few days later from that, they found a man casting out devils, who wasn't a disciple; and the man was getting the job done. He was actually getting it done. He was casting out devils. He stood around here... Jesus said, "Whosoever will." He said, "That's me." And away he went. He was getting the job done. That's right. And they were jealous because they couldn't do it. And they told Jesus, they said, "We forbid him." He said, "Don't forbid him, for he that's not with us, scatters abroad. No man can do a miracle in My name can speak light of Me." And today, it's nothing but petty, child-like, juvenile jealousy among the high churches that won't bring themselves down to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and practice divine healing and the powers of the Holy Ghost among the churches. Amen. It's the fact of the thing. It's true.

```
Luke 9:24 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**67** Jesus Christ, God's Son, has raised from the dead. That's either the truth or this Bible is in error. I know that it is the truth. He lives; He is not dead. And if He doesn't make Himself the same as He was in the days gone by, then He is not alive, for He promised, "The works that I do shall you also. Even more than this shall you do for I go to My Father." And the world that's got the Bible, reads the Bible, and said, "You teachers produce it; we'll believe He raised." Until that, Mohammed is just the same as the rest of them, Buddha and the rest of them. But thanks be to God; Jesus lives. He's alive from the dead. And it's not some fictitious make-up. It's not some man-made, homemade theology.

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

```
**68** Those people that say the days of miracles is past, their argument is thinner the broth made out of the shadow of a chicken that starved to death. They haven't got a leg to stand on or a Scripture to stand on. Any man that could preach anything against sin, has to recognize sickness as the attributes of sin; got to. Amen. I mean that from my heart. You can't deal with sin without dealing with its attributes. If a serpent had its... If a big animal had its paws in your side, you just don't have to cut off his paw. Just knock him in the head; it'll take care of the paw. And when Christ died for sin, He knocked sickness in the head and everything that went with it, even death itself. And we are not dead, but we are alive. "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live; and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." He conquered death, hell, the grave. Paul said when He come to the grave, "Oh, death, where is thy sting? Oh, grave, where is thy victory? But thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." He lives.

```
John 5:24 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.

John 11:26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

1 Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**69** The world is hungering, but the pulpit is weak. We got the best doctors we ever had. We got the best hospitals we ever had. We got the best drugs we ever practiced with, and we got more sickness than we ever had. Why? We got the worst pulpits, the weakest we ever had, though we got the best churches and the best educated men we ever had. But we got the weakest churches we've ever had. We got more sin than the world ever knowed of: unbelief. What is sin but unbelief? "He that believeth not is condemned already." That's right. There's your sin. Not smoking, drinking; that's attributes of unbelief. But you're a sinner because you don't believe.

```
John 3:18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

```
**70** When Jesus questioned, said, "When I come to the earth..." He didn't say, "Will I find churches? Will I find sincerity? Will I find teachers? Will I find them preaching the Bible? Will I find them doing this?" He said, "Will I find any faith?" You got the power. You need faith. Positionally know where you are in Christ, then yield yourself. Hallelujah. Don't think I'm crazy. If I am, leave me alone. I'm happier this way than I was the other way. That's right. I'm not crazy. That's true. I just feel... "I know that my Redeemer liveth." I know He liveth. Yes, for I can see Him as He moves and walks. I know He's in this building right now. I know that His presence ... or, "Wherever two or three are gathered together, I will be in their midst."

```
Job 19:25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

Luke 18:8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

```
**71** I don't believe my boy give out any... I don't believe they give out prayer cards today. I told him not to, because I was going to preach. But I feel that the Holy Spirit is so close right at this time, I believe we'll pray for the sick anyhow. I believe we'll do it. I see him come to the platform going to ask him just a minute, to wait a minute. We don't need you up here as a prayer ... we don't need you up here as a prayer card. You stay where you are. You believe the mission that's been preached tonight and the message that's been preached, and you'll see Jesus Christ move on the scene. Don't need prayer cards when the anointing of the Holy Ghost is present. He's there to heal. He's there to give whatever's given. That's right. Listen.

**72** One time when they was preaching down there when Jesus went going over on His road after the resurrection. Two people were going over on the road over to another place called Emmaus. And on their road over there, Jesus walked right out along the road and walked with them all through the day. And they didn't recognize Him. Is that right? They didn't recognize Him. He talked with them. And many of you people that's went to church, and Jesus has helped you many times, but you didn't recognize it. He's helped you; He's blessed you; He saved you from trouble. And you don't recognize it. Then when He got them into one room where He could gather with them and shut the doors, He done something just a little different from what a man could do. When He did that same like He did before He was crucified, they recognized it to be the Lord. He run away, got out of their sight. They run back to Jerusalem light-hearted and said, "Truly, the Lord has risen." If that's the same Jesus, He's here tonight, maybe He'll do something tonight like He did when He was here on earth.

```
Luke 24:15 And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.

Luke 24:16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.

Luke 24:33 And they rose up the same hour, and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and them that were with them,

Luke 24:34 Saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and hath appeared to Simon.

```
**73** If you could be the woman with the blood issue or whatever you have, if you can look, and yield your spirit to Him without any confusion, no prayer card, no way of getting up here. But if you can yield yourself to Him, and I can yield myself to Him, and pray, "Lord Jesus, knowing that I've got to meet these people in the judgment and stand here on Your Word that You've raised from the dead."---see if He don't call you. See if He can't speak just like He always spoke. If you believe! That's the only thing you can do is have faith in God. He said, "If thou canst believe..." Now, let us bow our heads just a moment. I'm going to ask the organist, if you will, young lady, I want you just to softly chord, "Only Believe," while we have a word of prayer. I want everybody real quiet. I don't know. I'm just asking Him. If you've got a need now for God, be just as reverent as you can and believe. And if He'll come tonight in this meeting, after this message... You got to answer for this message. You might not have had to answer for it if you hadn't come to church tonight, but you're going to answer for it now. It's on your hands. You'll either have to wash your hands of it like Pilate did, or you'll accept it. Now, I've spoke. That's a man. But I've spoke of His Word. Now, He's God, He'll confirm His Word, He's being God.

```
Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**74** Now, heavenly Father, Thou who knowest all things, that Your Word might be fulfilled... Here's a strange audience. I know none of them, but Thou does know them. And You who could sit there by the side of the well... The woman come to You. You talked to her a few minutes, and You told her, said, "Go get your husband." She said, "I don't have any husband." You said, "You've got five." She said, "Sir, I perceive that You're a prophet; but we know that when the Messiah cometh (the Messiah) He will do these things. He will show us these things." And You said unto her, "I am He." If that was the sign of Messiah then, it's the sign of Messiah today if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. We realize that, Lord. When the staunch, straight Jew come named Nathanael, and You told him who he was, told him where he come from, he said, "Rabbi, Thou art the Son of God. You're the King of Israel."

```
John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

John 4:16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.

John 4:17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:

John 4:18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**75** But the unbeliever, many of them very religious, said, "That's Beelzebub. He's a fortuneteller." And You said, "If you call the Holy Ghost that, it'll never be forgiven you in the world or the world to come." And You said, "These things that I do shall you also." You know where the fish that had the coin in its mouth. You know where two mules was standing hitched where two ways parted. O God, You know just as the Father showed You. And You said, "The things that I do (and in the same manner, by the same God, of course), it'll be done to the end of the world. Yet a little while and the world (the unbeliever), will see Me no more, yet ye shall see Me for I (personal pronoun.)..." Oh, God, You said, "I'll be with you to the end of the world. I'll be in you," doing the same works, carrying on Your ministry. You said, "I am the vine; ye are the branches. Now, yield yourself and bear fruit, and I'll purge you that you might bear more fruit." And, Father, I yield myself to Thee now under the mighty hand of the Holy Ghost, and ask that You'll help me and bless me, that I might show forth Thy resurrection to this people. And that we will praise Thee in Christ Jesus' name, we ask it. Amen.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:31 Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:28 Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

```
**76** While, you may raise your heads. I want you to be reverent and pray while I know that His presence is here. Now, you're audience, you're from me. The reason I say this way, I've got to wait for Him. And when He anoints, and if He strikes to you, then I just ask you if you have a desire for God in your heart... If Jesus Christ has raised from the dead and standing here in His power, and you're out there in need, like the woman was that touched His garment, can you...? Now, you say, "Well, Brother Branham, can I come up and touch you?" No, that'd be touching me. That wouldn't do no good. But you want to touch Him. How do you touch Him? The Bible said that He's a High Priest right now, at the right hand of the Father, making intercession. He's a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Is that right? If you have an infirmity, pray to Him, and ask, and find out if God won't give you the touch and let you touch Him, if you just believe. [Someone speaks in tongues.] Be reverent. Be in prayer. Look, live, just pray.

```
Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**77** Now, you're a total strangers to me. I know nothing of you. You know that. But now, you just pray and say, "God (in your heart, like this) I don't know this man, and he don't know me; but You know my desire, and You know my heart. And I want You to be merciful to me." And if you'll do that, I believe He will. I'm yielding myself to see what He would say, to see what He would do, to see how He would do it. That's up to Him. May He grant it is my prayer. Now, I see the Light of the ... that's left here now, and is standing over a lady. She's praying. And the lady sitting right back on the left-hand side here, she has on a little white tam, and she has a kind of a gray-looking tam (it is) with a gray looking suit and she's praying. She's sitting right behind a colored lady. She moved her body just then. She's wearing glasses. She has dizzy spells. If that's right, lady, raise up your hand. Right straight behind... That's right. You right here; you, right there. Well, you won't have them no more, lady. Your faith touched Him. If thou canst believe... That was caused from a nervous trouble, sister. A shadow was around you; it's gone. Now, be reverent. You're in the presence of Him who is life.

**78** Here's a lady sitting here with a black hat on, looking at me, right here. And It's standing over her. She's got a checkered dress and wearing glasses. It's a... She's suffering with something wrong with her head. It's a sinus trouble. She has a nervous trouble. Do you believe and accept it, believe that God will heal you and be made well? Do you? With all your heart? If you do, you can have it. Amen. Be in prayer. What do you think, sir? Seems like you can't... I can see a man looking at me there crying, nervously, watching that. Let me just talk to you a minute, you sitting right there with a blue suit on. Do you believe with all your heart? White-headed, sitting next to the man with the beard on. Do you believe with all your heart? Yes, you I'm talking to. Maybe the microphones is not carrying my voice. When the anointing strikes me, I don't know what I'm saying.

**79** But you seem to be sincere and you keep moving yourself around. I just like to... You're right in the line with me. I'd just like to talk to you. You believe me being His servant? You do that with all your heart? You have a need of God, that you'd like for God to do, and you'd want me... If I could reveal to you what you want, would you believe with all your heart that God would give it to you? You would? All right. You look this way and don't look at your brother, but look at Christ. And He would heal you of that rheumatism that you have, wouldn't He? You have rheumatism, don't you? Yes, sir. And you have a bursitis, also, don't you? That's right. That's right. You got someone else you're praying for too, haven't you? Uh-huh. That's a wife. She isn't here. But she was in a automobile accident and got hurt. Her legs and her body was hurt, and she's all shook up. That's "Thus saith the Lord." That's true, isn't it? Raise your hand if that's true. You believe He raised from the dead? To heal you, sir, I couldn't, see, but it's Him. He is the Healer. I'm nothing.

**80** Don't be worried, little mother, sitting; I see your hand up like this. Don't get scared. And you with your hand like this. Just believe. You know God can heal your heart trouble and make you well? You believe that? You do? You had heart trouble, didn't you? the little lady with a blue dress on; got her hair combed back. You had a nervous heart, kind of a blocked heart. When you lay down at nighttime, it's failing, it smothers you. Wasn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. All right. Now, you can go home and be well. Your faith touches His garment. Are you believing with all of your heart. How many over this way believes, somebody over in this section? Hard to get to the balconies, but just believe.

**81** I see a little girl sitting with her head down, sitting right here. Look up this way, honey; you're just a child; the little girl with, like a pink looking blouse on. She's weeping because what happened. That Light just moved down over her just then. It was standing near her. Honey, have you got a prayer card? No, you don't? Don't have no prayer card? All right, then you'd never be called up here then, anyhow. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Do you believe that Jesus has raised from the dead? That's the mother of the child sitting by her. And you believe it, lady? Would you, sister? Well, what you're here for tonight, you're praying for your eyes. That's right. That is right. Isn't that right? Sure it is. And let me tell you, that you might know me being God's prophet. You got a difficult at home: That is, your husband is not a saved man. That's right, isn't it, lady? He didn't even want you to come. That's right. I'm not reading your mind. But Jesus raised from the dead. Amen. He lives; He reigns.

**82** Lady right behind the colored lady there. You have a stomach trouble, don't you, lady? That's right. You're not from this city. You're from a place called Albany. You live on 80th street, don't you? Your number is 80, and you live on First Street. Uh-huh. The lady next to you is your neighbor. That's right. She lives on 64, number 64, First Street in Albany. She has a tumor, doesn't she? I mean, Mrs. Busby there next to you. Do you believe? How do I know you? I don't know you, no more than Jesus knowed Peter, but He knew who he was. All right. Martha, you can be healed too, if you believe with all your heart. Shocked you because I know you? It's not me that knows you; it's the heavenly Father that knows you. You believe now with all your heart? You accept your healing?

**83** Will you believe all over the building at this time? Is that the thing He did when He was here on earth? Then He's healing here with you. It's Him. Do you believe now? Then believe. Let us pray. Our heavenly Father, may all superstitions leave the people. The devil tries to keep them in darkness. And truly they're desiring to be the seed of Abraham. And I ask that You'll go, send away this evil, or give me the spirit of power. Satan, I wish to speak to you. You see you're exposed. Your time is nearly over. And oh, your condemnation at that day. I stand here as God's servant. You're not afraid of me, but you are of Him. But I represent Him in His death, burial, and resurrection. These people represent Him. And you got your demons all bound into these people, and you think you can hold them, but you're just a bluff. You're stripped of every privilege you have. You have no legal right. Jesus stripped you of every power you had at Calvary. And you're nothing but a bluff, and you ain't bluffing us no longer. Jesus is here. And you are rebuked. Thou spirit of doubt, come out of this people in the name of Jesus Christ. Leave this people, and go out of this building, and may every one of them be healed in Jesus Christ's name. If you're ever going to believe, you'll believe right now. Rise to your feet; give God praise and glory and be healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
