---
Date: 1956-08-14
Title: Divine Love and Sovereign Grace
DayOfTheWeek: Tuesday
Location: the Prince Albert Arena in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada
Duration: 2 hours and 4 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Divine Love and Sovereign Grace



**1** And was happy as I left the room to find Brother Joseph Boze from Chicago, a very personal friend of mine, standing waiting for me. And he's at the platform now, and I'd like to introduce him at this time, Brother Mattsson-Boze from Chicago, Illinois. Brother Boze. [Brother Mattsson-Boze greets the audience briefly.] Thank you, Brother Joseph. The Bible said ... I believe David said, "I was happy when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." And where the people are gathered together is the house of the Lord. Now, last evening, we were late, and we're glad to see that some of you got on the phone or something, and people are gathering in. We hope that by the end of the service, that the people will be gathered, the place will be filled up full of people for the glory of the Lord.

```
Psalm 122:1 A Song of degrees of David. I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of the LORD.

```
**2** And now, last evening, we were speaking on: "Earnestly Contending for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints." And how, that God met with us, and let us know what kind of a faith that they had. And so, today, we are earnestly contending for this same faith that was once delivered to the saints. And to see that we are contending for it... Now, that isn't contending with each other, with the Methodists contending with the Baptists, the Presbyterian, or the Pentecostal, or whatever; we are just contending against the wiles of the devil, against Buddhism, and against Mohammedanism, and the hundreds of idols and gods of the world, and against the god of America, the god of Canada, many of their idols of worldliness. We're contending that there's one true, living God, and that He's just as live tonight, as He ever was. And that we are not here just with a fictitious belief; we're not here all emotionally wrapped up in some emotion, or psychology, or enthusiasm. We're here in the presence of the living, resurrected Jesus Christ, who stands with us each night, and proves Himself to be alive, raised from the dead, and is here with us, now.

```
Jude 1:3 Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints.

```
**3** And I tell you, it makes the heart of a man or a woman really rejoice with great exceedingly joy to know that we are not just making up something, we're not just trying to... I'm so glad that the thing that I am talking about is truth, that's Jesus Christ. One time I worked for a utility company. They had a campaign on, and they were selling electric lights and the low-bowl lamps, General Electric. And they had a... See who could sell the most (no prizes) just see who could sell the most. And we, all the men together, were having a... I was a linesman and many others were salesmen. But before I'd ever go in to sell the lamp, before I would misrepresent anything to people, I had to know first what it was. So I went to the company, and I said, "Now what about this lamp, what is it? What's it made of? What will you do? What do you stand behind it?"

**4** And they told me all about it, how long it was guaranteed and so, still, I thought, "I'm going to try one of them awhile to see what it's made out of, before, even if the word of the company... I have to experience it myself to see what it's made out of." Being an electrician at the time, I took the thing apart, took every movement out of it to find out just exactly how it was made up, how the switches, how they were tightened down, and how the wires run and the current, how it was insulated, and how the reflector would work, and how tight it was, and what the material was. And I found out that it was a really a real light. So when I went to a person's house to sell the lamp, not being a salesman, but I sold more lamps than all of them, because I took in there with the knowing in my heart that what I was talking about was the truth.

**5** I said, "Now, I'm not coming to you to sell the lamp. I'm coming to leave a lamp here. You try it, and if it isn't just exactly what I say it is, then I'll take it up." Well, I put about two or three thousand lamps out, and I took up about four or five lamps out of the two or three thousand. Everybody, when they seen it was the truth, had time to look through it, inspect it, try it out, and the company's guarantee behind it; and if one of them would've went bad, they knew me; I'd go right to the company. The company had to make it good to me, and I'd have to make it good to the person. Therefore, I could walk with a real straight face, and look every man in the face, and say, "The product is good, if you want it."

**6** And that's the way it is with Jesus Christ. As a sinner, I found Him to be a Saviour. And I know that He saves from sin. I experienced it. And I know that He heals sickness, because I have experienced it. And tonight with all the respect that I can give to Him, I can look the people in the face, the purchase of His blood. Remember, to God, you're more than the blood of Jesus, because Jesus gave His blood for you. You are the purchase of His blood. And I can look at you, knowing that I'll meet you at the day of judgment at the end of the world, and say this one thing: that the product that I am telling you about, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, lives and reigns tonight; and He's just as powerful, just as real, and just as alive as He ever was at any time. That's right. And if anything, a man ought to be is honest. God will respect you when you become honest. I was speaking on that down at the Brother Boze's church tonight coming through. He was telling me about it a few moments ago. Be honest; be honest with one another. If you won't be honest with one another who you can see, how are you going to be honest with God who you don't see, see. You got to be loyal and honest with one another, brotherly love, and then God will bless you.

**7** Now, before we approach this blessed Word tonight, and try to get out... Now, at my house, down in my country, well, it's been dark for two hours at this time. So, I was one time in the Laplands, where it didn't get dark at all, and it looks like I'm almost there again, up in the ... way up in Finland, and up in Norway in the Laplands. And in there I could ... the land of the midnight sun. I never knowed when to go to bed. Why, it was sun-up all the time. I got all mixed up sure enough. I didn't know when to eat my meals nor nothing. It was just day for six months and then night for six months. So, I happened to be there in the daytime. Well, you didn't know when to quit the service; it was still night. Go home, being nearly midnight, why, you still read the paper right out in the middle of the street anywhere. Just a little dusky like it is now at midnight. Then sun come up again, just kind of shadow down. It set a little later. Why, it stayed up all the time. So tonight, as we are gathered for one purpose, to serve the Lord Jesus Christ. Did you have something to say to us?

**8** [Brother Mattsson-Boze briefly speaks: I like to say this, it's just a few days that Brother Branham are up here, and I was caught a little bit unaware when I came in. I don't know how many of you know me, but I'm Brother Mattsson, who is the pastor of the Philadelphia Church in Chicago; and I'm the editor of the "Herald of Faith." And maybe some of you friends have read the "Herald of Faith" up here. Yeah, quite a few, I know that. And I'm sure happy. My wife is with me here also, but she won't be in before tomorrow. And I want you to know that--that you have a rare opportunity to listen to a man of God. Now, I happen to have the pleasure of having Reverend Branham in Chicago quite often, and many are a little jealous at me, because Brother Branham comes so often to me. We had one meeting on the way up, now, when Brother Branham was on the way up, and every day, since that meeting was held, people that come to me, the one after the other, wherever I met people, they have said, "We have never been in anything like it in all our lives." It was that old-time revival spirit, that glory of the living God that alone can create revival. Now, I have been standing with Reverend Branham, here on the platform hundreds of times, I think I dare to say. I have seen his gift of prophecy, the gift that God has given him, the gift of Knowledge in operation, and I have never seen one mistake when Reverend Branham says, "So saith the Lord," then I know it is so. And, my beloved friends, I want you to know that there are people, probably, never met Brother Branham, never probably heard much about him or learned to know him. Now, these few meetings, is only five meetings, I understand, through Friday. Let us get on the telephone; let us crowd this place up, and even tonight, you will see what you never have see in your life. And you'll say that, "Indeed, we have the same One with the Lord." I met a Catholic in the dining car on the train, I spoke to him. We came to talk quite a bit. And I told him about what God was doing. Well, he said, "You don't think that you're as good as Christ?" "No," I said, "I'm not that, exactly, but we believe that Christ is as good as He ever was, because He says that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever and," I says, "we are having a living God in our midst." (Hallelujah!) And you will see it tonight. And I felt I want say it's worth an introduction for Brother Branham, open your life wide open. Don't say to me, "I wonder what he's going to do, what he's going to say, I wonder where he is, I wonder how he looks, and so on." Forget all about it. We are here before the living God right now, and let the power of God come upon us from the very beginning of this meeting. As Reverend Branham begins to open up and pour out of the... buckets within his soul, because that's what it is. Let's open up wide open. And all the people say, "Amen." Thanks. God bless your souls] Thank you Brother.

**9** If I lived up to that reputation, I'd be a pretty good man. But you know how the Swedes are, when they love you, they love you. And He just loves me. And when a Swede can love an Irishman, that's grace. So, Brother Joseph is a very close friend of mine. He just loves me a whole lot. I love him too. We've been friends for a long time. Now, we're here for this purpose of serving the Lord, and I heard the announcement today on the radio. And I understand that the honorable mayor of this city sent his representative here to open the meeting for us last night. I hope to get to see him and shake his hand, and that makes me feel real grateful to the man. God bless him and the one who spoke last night is my sincere prayer. Now, just before we start to speak for a few moments, and then kind of take a little more time, until the crowds get big enough to where we can really have a real big old fashion healing service. We'll just kind of speak along on the Word, and get... You who are here now who understands and can tell the others ... that's heard it explained, can tell the others.

**10** But now, before we open up the Word in the best that we can, let us bow our heads and speak to the Lord Jesus by the way of prayer. Our heavenly Father, it's with grateful hearts tonight, that we approach Thee, as the only true and living God. The wisdom of God, the love of God, the fountain of all good gifts and blessings come from Thee, our Lord. And we recognize ourselves as sinners before Thee in Thy presence, and not trusting any iota of our own righteousness, because that we have none. We're not trusting upon our own merits, 'cause we have none; but we humbly approach in the name of the Lord Jesus, trusting His merits, coming in His name; for He bid us to ask the Father anything in His name; He promised He would do it. And I pray, Father that You will hear us in Christ's name, and sanctify this meeting to Thy own honor tonight. Get glory out of the service. Help us as we speak and minister to Thy children, for it is this purpose we're here for, to glorify God. And we ask it in the name of His beloved Son, the Lord Jesus. Amen.

```
John 14:13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

John 14:14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

John 15:16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

John 16:23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.

```
**11** In the book of Exodus, the 14th chapter... And we want to read just a line or two and then for a little text... And my subject tonight is, maybe, a little strange, and it's... I want to speak on the subject of Divine Love And Sovereign Grace. And when divine love has been projected and come to its end, its destination, sovereign grace will then take over. And in the book of Exodus... Moses ... And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD... That's for a text ... or, Scripture reading (rather).

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**12** Now, we are faced in a day that is prophesied to us, that brotherly love would become a strange thing among people. And it's to my humble belief that that is the greatest of all the gifts that there is in God's Bible. If the Lord Jesus should stand on the platform tonight, and look me in the face, and say, "I'm going to give you your choice: You can be a great person, a great minister; I will give you a gift of preaching the Gospel, or I will give you the gift of teaching the Word, or I will give you the gift of divine healing; I will give you the gift of prophecy; or I will make you a prophet, or any of the fine gifts of faith. Any of the gifts that's in the Bible, I will give them every one to you, but then I will withhold love from you; or either I will give you love and withhold the gift from you." I'd say, "Lord take all the gifts and let me have the love," see. For no matter how many gifts we got, they will never do us any good, except the love of God is the motive behind the gift. We must have love.

**13** And as I see this great day appearing, that we're now living in, where the selfishness and indifference amongst people, human beings tribes of the earth, it grieves my heart. And I would think of it in a different way, if He hadn't have already said that this day would be here, where they would be against each other, and the things would take place. And love would be a strange thing in these days. Now, did you realize, that you being a person as you are, that you're not altogether flesh? You're spirit and flesh. Not only that, but Jesus said that the Bible said, that we are, in a miniature way, gods. Jesus said that. We are... He said, if that was prophets and so forth of the Old Testament, that Jesus was referring to, said, "It's written in your law, that ye are gods. And if he called them gods, who the Word of God come to, then why not Himself, being the Son of God, when He makes Himself equal with God?" Now, we are ... in an amateur way we are creators.

```
John 10:34 Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?

John 10:35 If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;

John 10:36 Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?

```
**14** I want to just talk to you from my heart now, before the service, 'cause when I preach it upsets me. There's two different anointings: one of them is for visions, and the other one is for the Word. And then, if you go on to the Word real hard and go to preaching, then the service ... you can't hold the visions so well. It's two different gifts, and if you're building your congregation on one, and then you turn it to another, then it's... You know what I mean. So then... But being that we're small in crowd yet, we want to place it as much around the Word as possible and then have a little healing service, because of so many sick. Now, did you ever see someone that you just love to be around? Sure you have. There's people that you meet and associate with, that you just love to be around. There's an air about them that you just love to associate with them. And then, there's fine people that you know of, that's very fine people, and yet there's just something about them that you just don't feel at home around them somehow. You just... You don't want to hurt their feelings; they're your friends. You love them, but there's just a difference between them and this other person. Well, what it is, we create that atmosphere around us.

**15** And now, I'm a conservationist of wildlife and so forth, and dealt with wildlife. My mother's a half Cherokee Indian, and I just love the wild so, so I study God. My first study of God was through nature, watching what He did in nature, how He watches and what He does. And there's one of the greatest hindrance that there is in the church today, and right here at Edmonton, and every ... or, not Edmonton (I didn't mean to say that.), I mean Prince Albert. And among other people everywhere is fear. but love, perfect love casteth out fear. So, the reason you're fearful is because the right temperance of love has never entered yet. When there's real love, all fear passes away. When you really love the Lord...

**16** Now, I'm not condemning you; I'm only trying to bring something to light that you could look at... Because, after all, if there's a... These sick people sitting around, and sinners, and so forth, and the differences, what makes it all? I can't believe that God's pleased with it. So, there must be some remedy. And if we can find that remedy, we ought to use that. So the thing it is, it's a lack of love. No matter how many prophecies we have, how many great preachers, how much theology we know, how great a church that we belong to, if love doesn't temper that together, it's of none effect. And even in I Corinthians 13, Paul said, "Though I speak with tongue of men and angels, become as a sounding brass and tinkling cymbal, though I have prophecy, and knowledge, and understand all the mysteries of God, and have faith to move mountains and have not love, I am become nothing."

```
1 Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.

1 Corinthians 13:2 And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.

1 Corinthians 13:3 And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.

```
**17** So, we people are more or less going after gifts instead of the giver, see. We must come back to the place. You're wonderful people, but you must come back first. And the key that unlocks the door to everyone... We've left the key and rushed for the door. So when you get there, you find out the door don't open, because you haven't got the key. Oh, I've often said this, that in my world travels, I've found two different classes of people: One of them is the fundamentals, the group that I come out of: Baptists. Positionally, they know where they are, but they haven't got much faith with it. And then the other is Pentecostals. They got a lot of faith, but don't know who they are. It's just like a man's got money in the bank, and he don't know how to write a check; and the other man hasn't got no money in the bank, yet he can write a check. If you could get the two together, you'd have it. Now, what the church is lacking is divine love. I don't mean affectionate love for one another. I mean the agapao love, the godly love. And have it so richly in your heart until you just love the Lord and everything... You just take His Word for it. You don't mistrust Him.

**18** My wife is sitting present. When we were married, I took her to be my wife, and promised to live faithful to her until death separated her; and she promised ... separated us; and she promised the same to me. Now, it isn't a law. When I leave and go overseas, or somewhere, and be away a long time, I don't have to go say, "Now, Mrs. Branham, I'm going to lay down the law to you. While I am gone, I don't want you flirting with any other husband, and I don't want you doing so-and-so." I don't say that. Now, she doesn't come to me and say, "Mr. Branham, and I'll tell you. You'll not flirt with any other wives, and you mustn't do this or that." We don't think that. We just love each other. When I get ready to go, we kneel in the room and take hold of each other's hands and raise the other hand to God, and say, "Thank you, Father, for being so kind to us and for helping us. And now we must separate because You said, 'If you won't forsake wife, children, and all, and cleave after Me, you're not worthy to be My disciple.' And now, Father, no matter what I would do, I'm still not worthy to be Your disciple, but this is such a little thing that we can do, but we're willing to do this little thing for love, that we have for You, as we know You have for us."

```
Luke 14:26 If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.

```
**19** When we get through praying, I kiss her goodbye and say, "Goodbye, sweetheart." She'd say, "Goodbye, I'll be praying for you, Billy." That settles it. There's no "thou shalt not," and "thou shall," nothing about it. Now, when I'm out into the field, and when I'm out there and yet, I would know, and... She don't have to worry about me. I don't worry about her. As long as I love her the way I do, she'll never have to worry. And as long as she loves me, I'll never have to worry. So, we got confidence in each other, as husband and wife, that we love one another, and that just settles it. We don't... We just go on the regular routine of life.

**20** Now, even if I know that I could do something bad and get by with it, and go tell her, confess my sin, and go tell her I done wrong, yet I wouldn't do it. If she'd forgive me, say, "That's all right, Billy, I know it was a case of this, that, and you've explained it to me; I'll forgive you; we'll just forget it." I still wouldn't do it, because I love her too much to do that. I love her; I wouldn't hurt her, yet she'd forgive me. I know it would scar her heart if I did something was wrong. And if I think that with a phileo love, of human love, towards my wife, how much more ought I to my Saviour? No matter what would be this, that, I want to please Him; I want to love Him. And I want Him to be able to say, "That's My servant. I can tell him to go here, and he'll do it." And I want to say, "That's my Lord, if He sends me here, I'll go." And that's what love is. It's something that binds us with God. And that takes all the fear.

**21** Now, if somebody come, say, "Mrs. Branham is not true to you." I wouldn't believe it; you couldn't make me believe it. No sir, for I have confidence and love. I wouldn't say, "Oh, you reckon she is? What'll happen to my children?" No, I wouldn't believe it in the first place, because I love her. And as long as I love her that way, I've got that confidence in her as a woman. And no matter what you say, "The days of miracles is past; God don't do this, and God don't do that." You just might as well save your breath. I love Him, and I believe Him, and I take Him at His Word. So that settles it; that's all. God said so. And if you can get to a place where you love Him, it'll cast out the fear that you have that He won't keep His Word. That's really true.

```
1 John 4:18 There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.

```
**22** Now, Israel, in our text tonight, had come into a spot where God, by His grace through His Word, had promised father Abraham that his seed would sojourn in a strange land and among a strange people for four hundred years---they would be aliens---but God grant at the end of four hundred years He'd bring them out. When the time of the promise drew nigh, as it pictures our text tonight, there came a time that God's promise was nigh at hand. And God will always keep His promise. No matter how ridiculous it seems, God keeps His promise. Do you believe that? Always keeps His promise. And sometimes it's the most ridiculous way He does it. Now, Moses had failed with all of His military training to deliver people. He was trained up under Pharaoh, under his mother's Bible teaching, that he was to be a deliverer. He was trained up to take Pharaoh's place, to be the great military leader of the powerful nation; he had all over the world beat down. And one day he thought, "It's time for me to go. I got my B.A. and my D.D., so I'll just walk out and take things over." And he slew an Egyptian and found out that he was out of the will of God, and was a stranger in the land for forty years.

```
Genesis 15:13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;

```
**23** But one day back on the backside of the desert, after forty years passed, and he was an eighty-year-old man, long whiskers and white hair hanging down from the bald spot on his head, perhaps, walking along there with a cane in his hand, God met him in a burning bush, because God keeps His promise. You see it? God keeps His every promise. And God had brought Moses in the world to do the job, and God was determined that Moses was going to carry out His plan. So, He gave him a different kind of schooling. And I'm afraid tonight, friends, as I say it respect and with reverence: I'm afraid we're giving the church the wrong kind of schooling. We're giving them the schooling from the dead letter and not from an experimentalist standpoint of the new birth to meet the true and living, resurrected Lord Jesus Christ, who is just the same tonight as He was in the days gone by.

**24** Moses, in the light of that burning bush, as you all know as Christians, that, Moses meeting the Angel of the Lord in the burning bush, he was better equipped in five minutes of talk with God face to face than he was of forty years of training under theology. And I say tonight, with all respect... Here it is. You might as well button up, 'cause it's coming. Look, a man is better equipped to preach the Gospel and to stand before the audience with five minutes experience before Almighty God, than all the seminaries could hatch out in a hundred years of an experience. That's right. There's something happens, and sometimes it's ridiculous. Look at Moses, scared, running out of Egypt as hard as he could, out on the back part of the desert, looking behind him, who was coming. Is Pharaoh going to catch him?

**25** On the backside of the dessert he went, married this colored girl and had two children. Afraid to go back to Egypt, but in the presence of God and seeing God's glory---and God's glory was divine healing---healed his hand with leprosy and performed a miracle, two different gifts he had. And he performed this miracle and then... Let's take a look at Moses. Look how ridiculous it seemed. Now, this is to some of you people that believe that God don't do things ridiculous, sometimes, to your mind, see. The wisdom of the world is foolishness in the sight of God. That's right. No matter how much wisdom you got, you're still foolish in the sight of God. And God's wisdom sometimes seems to be foolish to a human mind. That's how contrary they are one to another.

```
1 Corinthians 3:19 For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.

```
**26** Look at Moses, talk about something seemed ridiculous. Now, Moses run forty years before as a young man trained to the very start with all the Egyptian army behind him and everything else, run from the presence of Pharaoh. And here he is, eighty years old, with a stick in his hand... Look at him going down the next morning. Had his wife sitting on a mule with a child on each hip, leading a little old donkey, the wind blowing, on a stick, and here he goes down the way to Egypt. "Where are you going, Moses?" "Going down to Egypt to take over." "What? Going to do what?" "I'm going down to Egypt to take over." The greatest military nation in the world, with the millions of armed men and chariots and the best there was in the world... It'd be like going into Russia or some country like that today, single-handed.

```
Exodus 4:20 And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

```
**27** Going down to take over! Eighty years old, whiskers blowing to one side, leading a mule with a wife with a child on each hip, jogging along the road... "Where are you going?" "Down to Egypt to take over." But the beautiful thing: he did it, because God said so. That settles it. No matter how ridiculous it looks to you, if God said so, that settles it. That's all. No matter if it seems strange. You say that they act strange; they look strange; they're peculiar. Sometimes God's people are peculiar. He said they were, you see. And they act peculiar to the carnal mind. But one time come into the presence of that same Angel of the burning bush and you'll act the same way. You'll have a peculiar look-out on things. You'll say, "I ought to have seen that before. I ought to have knowed it." But it's got to be a converted mind.

```
Exodus 4:20 And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

```
**28** Now, here they are... At our text tonight: how God wants to project to you His divine sovereign grace. Now, they'd come out. Here's the Israelites, they had listened to Moses, reverently they had attended. They had took the sacrificial lamb and had slain it, put the blood up over the lentil of the door and on the doorposts, a sign of the cross, that the death angel did not come to their home. They had separated themselves from all of their possessions. You know, the trouble of it is, we don't want to separate ourselves. We don't like to do that, but God wants us to separate. We want mixers; God wants separators. And you have to come out sometime and stand alone if you ever walk with God.

**29** And so, here's Moses; now, he's brought the children out; they followed him, and they're coming out. And instead of going down to the land of the Philistines... God thought if... The people said if... "Surely, if they see war, their hearts will sink, and they'll run back." So, He led them through the way of the wilderness. I'm so glad that God takes us through the wilderness journey. There He can get us alone, get out alone with God. And in this wilderness experience... Isn't it strange how God leads us into great tribulations and trials? Look how those Israelites were led. Look at the waters of Marah and how that the... Wilderness of Sin and all the different places.

```
Exodus 13:17 And it came to pass, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and they return to Egypt:

Exodus 15:23 And when they came to Marah, they could not drink of the waters of Marah, for they were bitter: therefore the name of it was called Marah.

Exodus 16:1 And they took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt.

```
**30** How the path of God leads, some through the water, some through the floods, some through deep trials, but all through the blood; God leads His children, strange peculiar ways. But God works in mysterious ways, His wonders to perform. It has to be mysterious, or He couldn't perform the wonder. Here they are, separated from all they have, all their associates, brought them out under the leadership of the Holy Spirit, the Angel of God, a pillar of fire. They was following this pillar of fire and light. And they come to a place that they were cornered, all cornered up in a little place. The wilderness on this side, the mountains, the desert, and the Red Sea here, Pharaoh's army pursuing them with their swords and their chariots. And here a people that had separated themselves, and loved the Lord, and believed in the Lord, had been brought to a corner.

**31** I think of this little boy sitting in a wheelchair. I seen a mother lift her child from a wheelchair. My wife said last night she sat back there and almost wept to see a little boy, just so patiently playing with his little fingers, a little cripple. I think of the wonders here, maybe some of you with cancer. The doctor says, "It's just all can be done. My skill teaches me that you can do no more." And some of you, that stinking thing of heart trouble right on you, feel good and strong and healthy, and maybe a corpse in an hour from now. Free, and yet Christian... But God sometimes permits that, just to show His sovereign love to you and His sovereign grace. He wants to do it. And now, how can you understand unless somebody tells you about it? Faith cometh by hearing and hearing the Word. That's the Scripture. And all things that we do must be based on the Scripture, or I won't receive it myself. Someone says, "Brother Branham, do you believe God did this..." I said, "Well, I don't say that... He can do anything He wants to, but I just like to stay with the Word; I know that's right, 'cause God has said it, and I believe it."

```
Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

```
**32** Now, look at Israel, right in the corner, death lurking right behind them. You see it? Now, maybe you're sitting in the same place tonight. You love the Lord; you moved out and come to church tonight, and knowing that death is right behind you---cancer, heart trouble, tuberculosis, many things. A lady just called in; they're bringing her all the way from Calgary to be here tomorrow, a mother to have a baby right away, and couldn't even put her in a plane. And she's making her way here by a Pullman train, with TB, and to be a mother just in a few days. But she said that she was coming with faith, believing. There you are, something in her heart moving. When the deep calleth to the deep, got to be something to respond to that. Before there can be a deep calling, there has to be a deep to create that deep, something calling. I believe the woman will be healed; I believe with all my heart. A Christian, little German woman, but God, surely, by His grace will heal that person. Say, "Brother Branham, her a Christian in that corner?" God does mysterious things to show His love.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**33** Now, there's Israel, right in the corner, after stepping out, the fear of the Lord. Here they are, backed right up, death charging right to them, the dust of the wheels a coming. The desert... They'd be entangled out there somewhere and just swallowed them down if they started that way. There was the Red Sea before them, and they couldn't get across that. What are they going to do? Isn't it strange? Our heavenly Father just sitting back and saying, "We'll just watch this picture develop." So, what did they do? They appealed their case to God. And Moses began to pray, and the Lord spoke to Moses, no doubt by a vision. And Moses run among the people and said, "Stand still." I love that. "Stand still and see the salvation of God." That's the way to do it. Just stand still and watch it. Oh, He's real. "Stand still and see the salvation of God, for these Egyptians that you're looking at today, you'll see them no more." How would you like to know that that card in the doctor's office that you looked at, that he turned down and wrote "death" across it, you'll see it no more. For God will surely come in His magnificent grace and set you free, when love is projected.

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

```
**34** They said, "Lord, we love You. We've stepped out on Your Word. Your prophet has advised us, and we see that You're with him by the signs and wonders that You're doing with him. And we know that You're with him. And the Word of God is there. And he's bid us to come, and he never told us anything contrary to Your Word 'cause You gave us the promise." Amen. There you are. Got a right to believe, said, "You said so in Your Word that You would deliver us, and it's getting to be about that time." Here the man comes with signs and wonders that are following, that we can't dispute. We know he's Your prophet. And we know that he's sent, that You sent him, and we'll love You, Lord, for we're the people of your sheep of Your flock. And now, we follow Thee and we're out here, and we know by a sign that follows that You are with us, and here we are, and death coming behind us."

```
Genesis 50:24 And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.

Exodus 3:18 And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God.

```
**35** Now, what was they doing? Projecting love, divine love of God. And sovereign grace will have to act in its place. You see it? What happened? God said to Moses, "Tell them to stand still. They love Me. And I'll show you what My grace is. Just stand still now. Don't be excited. Every footstep of a righteous man is ordered of the Lord." No matter what comes or goes, God orders it. Maybe through trials, it may be through troubles and tribulations, but as long as God's leading, what difference does it make? Said, "Now, tell them to stand still. They love Me, and they are projecting to Me by proving that they believe Me to step out on My Word, and they believe it. And now they're at the end of the road. Love has taken them as far as it can, so now I will project to them. They projected love to Me. I will project My divine grace and power to them." Said, "They're at the end; they can't do no more. But they still love Me and they believe Me. So, My grace will work now in this case."

```
Exodus 14:13 And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.

```
**36** It'll work tonight in your case. It'll work in every case. Watch Him. Then what taken place? God caused an east wind to come down. Moses didn't do a thing, but walk right down to the seashore ... or, the side of the Red Sea and just waved his hands across. The sea went back. What happened? The pillar of fire that was giving them light, and leading them, turned around and stood between them and the danger. And to them it was darkness; to Israel it was light all night long. I'm so glad that there's blessed holy light when the world's walking in darkness. The Christian walks in the beautiful light of the Holy Spirit. Amen. I remember years ago in the old Baptist church, we used to sing, "We'll walk in the light, beautiful light, come where the dew drops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus the light of the world." Walk in Him. The world will be dark. They'll call you everything they can call you, because they're walking in darkness, but you're walking in light. He's standing between you and the danger.

**37** Then what happened? Moses did nothing but push his hands out, walked back. And then the Lord caused a real strong east wind to start blowing. And while Israel was comfortably, not with a bit of doubt in their heart, laying down perhaps, taking a nap, in the light of the Angel of the Lord---and Pharaoh's army moving against one another; they didn't know what to do, it was so dark---God was working in their behalf. Oh, isn't that marvelous? God working in their behalf. What was He doing? That wind begin to blow. "Whheww." And the sea begin to move back. Then after He got the sea all walled back, then what happened? Then He begin to dry the land off, just enough for them to walk, not the chariot wheels to roll, just enough for them to walk. God in His infinite mercy, when divine love had carried them into the situation, divine grace was projected to those lovers, and God delivered them safely on the other side.

**38** A few days ago in a meeting, Christian Businessmen at Minneapolis, I was speaking. And there was a man, Mr. Krause, a fine Christian gentleman---a inventor in the great plow company in America. One of the greatest plow works in America, he's the owner of it. And he was at the platform, and I heard him in this convention giving a testimony. And he was a great friend to my friend, Oral Roberts. And he loved Brother Oral. Brother Oral Roberts is a fine Christian gentleman. And so, he said... But he had his trust in Oral. He said, "Now..." He'd just been a lukewarm church member, but had come to Brother Oral's meetings and got saved, and he received the new birth, and he said he was just having a great time; but his trust was in Oral.

**39** So, one day, he developed a sickness. Well, you see, you can put your trust in the wrong thing. If you got your trust in a man, or in your church, or in your organization, you better take it out right now and put your trust with your love to Christ. It won't work. He loved the Lord, but he thought, "Well, Oral's His representative, so I'll just ... I'll go to Oral." So, he developed a serious trouble in his body. He goes down to have dinner with Brother Roberts, so his testimony is. And Brother Roberts was talking to him, and he told him he had a serious kidney condition, or something that was real bad. Oral said, "Well, the Lord will take care of that." Walked over and prayed for him, said, "Now, don't you feel better?" He said, "Yes, I do." So, in about a few hours, here it was back again. He goes to Oral again, two or three times. Well, it wouldn't do no good. So, he said, "Lord, what's the matter?" He said, "I know what I'll do: I'll go down and stand before Brother Branham, and he'll tell me by prophecy, just exactly what caused it."

**40** Well, he goes down to Shreveport where I was. He tried night after night to get in the line, and couldn't do it. No card was... He'd get a card, but he never was called to come in the line. So, I went from there to Mexico. So, that failed him. So, he goes back then to everyone that he knowed was preaching divine healing and had them pray and lay hands on him. Well, it didn't do no good. He said, "Well..." He went to Mayo Brothers to find out. His doctor said it's passed. So, he went to Mayo Brothers to find out what would happen. So, when he went there, they told him, said, "You've got one chance out of ten thousand of ever coming off the table."

**41** "Well," he said, "I guess this is it, then." So, he goes home and he prays; he said, "Lord Jesus, You know my walk beforehand; You know my walk now. You know that how I've tried to live for You. I've done everything. I've testified to businessmen across the country. I've give my entire life. I've done all that I can since I become a Christian four or five years ago, to serve You. And here it is at the end of the road. I love You, Lord. I've only got one way out now, and that's maybe if I could have the operation. I'm just trusting You." He went back, told the doctor, "Operate."

**42** And when he went to going to sleep, he said, "Well now, Lord, You know I love You. I want you to know that I love You, and if I have to die on the operating table, well, I love You with all my heart." And he went to sleep under the ether, praising the Lord, because he loved Him. What happened? Love had come to its end. That's right. He loved Brother Roberts. Brother Roberts is a man. He loved me. I'm a man. He loved other brethren, Valdez and many of the others. They were men. But then when he found out that all the men had failed, he only had one thing to look to, that was Christ. That's the One. There, he's on the right track. And when he was going into the operating room, he said, "Now, Lord, if I die, I love You with all my heart. They say I've got one chance out of ten thousand (the best doctors in the world), one chance out of ten thousand." And when he woke up, the whole room was lit up with the glory of God. And the doctor said, "I have never seen anything like it in my life." He got normally and well within just a few days. He never seen anything take place. What was it? When divine love had been projected in the right direction, sovereign grace stepped in and took its place. Amen. It'll do it every time.

**43** I wish I could tell you a few experiences of something just for a moment. How many ever read my life story? You remember in there... Thank you. In there where that a maniac over in Tacoma, Washington, I believe ... or, Portland, Oregon, it was. (I believe the book reads that case.) That one night standing on the platform before thousands of people, a maniac run to the platform to kill me. You remember reading that? And what happened? Now, when that great big fellow moved up there... I weighed one hundred twenty-eight pounds, and he weighed nearly two fifty or two seventy-five, nearly seven foot tall, great big fellow, wild as he could be, and his eyes bulged way out. He just hit a preacher on the street; he got out of the insane institution, broke out, hit a preacher. He had a mania for preachers. He hit the fellow, broke his jaw, his collar bone. I'd just led two little police to Christ back there in the dressing room. One of their mothers had been healed the night before, and they had come there waiting in the room to see me, and I led them to the Lord Jesus.

**44** And while speaking on faith, this big fellow come down through the building, run up to the platform like that and all the preachers just scattered. They knowed him. And he said, "You snake in the grass, you hypocrite," and he said, "You're out here, imposing yourself as a servant of God. I'll show you how much man of God you are. I'll break every bone in that little frail body." Now, he was well able to do it. And he walked up to me with his hands like this, and his teeth set together, went, "Rrrrrr." And when he got to me [Brother Branham makes the sound of spitting.] right in my face. I just stood and looked at him. And you know what? I wish I could always feel like I did then. And instead of despising that man, instead of hating that man, I felt sorry for him. I loved him. "Why," I thought, "that man don't want to be like that. No matter what he's said, it's not him talking like that. He wants to be a normal man; he wants to love his babies and his wife as a sweetheart, and he wants to come in of at night, and take up his little babies and play with them, and go out and work and come in and put his arm around his wife, and have a home like any other man. And that's not that man; he'd be my brother. That's the devil in that poor fellow."

**45** And doing that... Now, listen close. In that happening... I wish that could happen right here now to every soul here. There wouldn't be a feeble person among us in the next five minutes. You can't make yourself do it. It has to be a gift of God. And while standing there, I loved him. And I thought, "Poor fellow." And right while I was speaking, projecting to him... Now, you can't bluff yourself. That's what the matter with so-called Christianity. You're trying to act like something that you're not. You can't fool a wild animal. Many times I've walked right face to face with all kinds of wild animals. Some said, "Aren't you afraid, Brother Branham?" No, sir. I love them and they know it. You can't fool them.

**46** I've walked in... I used to do a lot of riding. I've rode many years in round-ups and so forth; and I walked into wild horses, and somehow in a few minutes, he'd have his head laid over my shoulder. I'd just put a blanket on him, and walk him around a little while with a blanket on him, then throw the saddle on him, and the first thing you know, I'd be riding him along, see. He loves you. And if you really love him, he knows it. Now, listen, I want to tell you something. Human beings are more intelligent than animals, and you can't tell people you love them... They won't believe it, unless the real thing's there to prove it. So you say, "Oh, brother, you know we have such great fellowship." And down in your heart a grudge? He knows different. God knows it. Your neighbor knows it. You got to be clean and above board, and say, "Lord God, create in me a clean heart to love."

**47** And when that poor fellow standing there... In the depths of my soul, I felt sorry for him. And just as I was feeling sorry, the Holy Spirit begin to speak, and the man fell across my feet. It's wonderful to see what God can do when love... Love is the mightiest force that there is. Did you know God is Love? He that loveth is of God. Now, I don't mean affectionate love; I mean godly love. Affectionate love creates lust, but I'm talking about godly love, real love. I'd just like to open up my heart and tell you a little inside of my life. Would you like to know it? You're strangers... No, we're not. We're children of God. This is just on my heart to say this now. I was going to something else, but it looks like... Tell you a little bit of the inside of my life.

```
1 John 4:7 Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.

```
**48** I'm so grateful tonight to the Lord Jesus for what He's let me do for His people. I love people. God knows that. I can't be with people like I want to be, because I can't be a servant of God and a servant of man at the same time. I got to spend my time... The man doesn't understand it, because maybe he just knows one kind of love. But I'm in a room somewhere praying, trying to help him, and he thinks I ought to be out running around eating dinner with him or something. But that's different, you see. He doesn't understand it, and he'll never know it, until we cross the river. And then in that... But love, real true love, I just love people.

**49** I was a little old boy raised up in a home, in not too good a family, and nobody seemed to care for me. And in my own family, many of the brothers... All of them drink and smoke, and I didn't do it. And I was the black sheep of the family. When I found out that somebody really loved me, when somebody let me know that Jesus loved me. And I thought, "You mean, that the very Highest of all Highest, the God of heaven loves me? Well now, if He'll love me and..." And the first time I ever prayed, I couldn't pray. You know what my first prayer was? I was a hunter, lived in the woods. I was going to write my prayer out on a piece of paper, and tack it on a tree in the woods. That's so that He'd... Tell Him how bad I was and maybe... I knowed He'd come down that path sometime, He would read that and would forgive me. I wrote it out on a piece of paper, and I got to thinking, "Why, they told me He was a man. And if He's a man, then He will understand as a man."

**50** So, I went out to the shed; it was real wet and I got a sack and knelt down on it. And I heard people say, "God talked to me." Well, I said now, "How must I... If I hold my hands like this? Or what to do? How must I do?" I didn't know how to do it. So, I thought, "Well, I believe I seen a picture one time of somebody praying with their hands like this. I got my hands like this." And I said, "Dear, Sir, Mr. Jesus, I wish to speak to You just a minute. Would You come up here just a minute? I want to speak to You just a minute." I said, "I don't hear You. Where are You at?" I said, "Maybe, I didn't hold my hands right." And I said, "Maybe I'll cross my hands." I said, "Mr. Jesus, if I don't cross my hands right or whatever I'm doing wrong, You forgive me, I don't mean to do it in the wrong way; but will You come here just a minute, I want to talk to You just a little bit." I said, "I don't hear You, Sir."

**51** Now, that's how much I knowed about God. But right there, when I loved Him... And I said, "You know what? I've been so mean that He won't even talk to me." And I said, "I guess I'm lost for good then." And I started crying. I said, "Well, Sir, I'm going to confess my sins anyhow." I said, "I'm no good. And," I said, "You are all good. But when I was dying there in the hospital, I told You I would talk it over with You, this is all I can do." About that time, a light circled across, and a cross come on the wall. My sins left. When love had been projected, sovereign grace took its place. It answered. Just really love. That's all you have to do. "Love the Lord with all thy heart, with all thy mind, with all thy strength." It'll work in a human, it'll...

```
Mark 12:30 And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment.

Luke 10:27 And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself.

```
**52** Here sometime ago, I was... Maybe somebody has been down in the States; I do appreciate the visit of many of you fine Canadian people as you pass by. And at the parsonage, I was trying to cut the grass, and people coming from everywhere. I'd get out there and cut about two or three rows, and first thing you know, I'd have to run in the house, and run around behind the house, and change my overalls, and get in and pray for some sick people, and then maybe, the next day before I'd get away again, the next morning real early, get out, and nobody out there, I put on my overalls and cut a couple more rounds. Somebody come by and say, "Hello, Brother Branham." Get talking and another machine load drive up. You know, time I got to the backyard, the front was growed up again. And I was way around in behind the yard one afternoon, real hot, and I had my little old mower, and she was chugging along. And I took off my shirt; nobody could see me back there, just my waistline trousers. And I was a mowing real hard, and I forgot about a big hornet's nest being in the corner. And I rammed that mowing machine right into that nest, and in a moment's time I was covered all over with hornets.

**53** You know what hornets are, up here? Great big fellows, they kill you. One solid sting, knock you flat on the ground. So, and I guess it was thirty or forty, maybe fifty big hornets, and no shirt on. And there they was all over me. You know what happened? Just before I could think, something happened. Now, this sounds very juvenile, sounds like a kid, but it's the truth. I thought, "Poor little fellows, You know, I disturbed you. You're God's little creatures. Sure, you got a stinger; that's what you protect yourself with. And you're God's creatures, and I disturbed you. You were all resting in your nest, and I disturbed you."

**54** And instead of hating those little fellows and trying to fight them, I loved them. And I said, "Little creatures of God, I am the servant of the Lord. I'm in a hurry. That's the reason I hit the nest or the fence." I said, "God's people comes in for me to pray for them, and I am the servant of the Creator, your Creator. Now, in the name of the Lord Jesus, go back to your nest. I won't bother you any more. You go right back to your nest." As God who'll have the judgment keys at the day of judgment, those hornets was just a humming as hard as they could, not a one of them touched me. And one took lead and every hornet, single file went right straight back to the nest and went inside the nest. What was it? I don't know. Something happened. Whether God converted their hearing to hear me, or whether He changed my words to their language, whether a projecting of that love that I had for them, something taken place. The hornets went to their nest.

**55** While I was game warden, I was going through a field, and I went over to put some fish in a stream. Oh, we was supposed to pack a little old pistol, and I throwed the thing up in the car. And there was some fellow over across the way was sick. I was a minister at the time, so I was going over to visit this sick brother, working for my living. And I just pulled this little old gun off, and throwed it up in the car, and shut the door, and took out across the field. I didn't think about it, but about two months before that, a great big Guernsey male cow had killed a colored man. And he was in that pasture, and I didn't know it. They'd sold him to another fellow up there. He was a fine animal, and they didn't want to kill him. So they sold him to this color ... this man up here, the other place. And I was going across the field, and out in the field where some little shrubs was, all at once this big fellow raised up. Oh, I felt for the gun. And I'm glad I didn't have it, for I'd probably killed the bull and then went paid for him. But while I was standing there looking, I looked back. I was about two hundred and fifty yards or three hundred from the fence, not a tree nor nothing to get into.

**56** Well, he raised up, and he roared, and throwed his horns down to the ground, and shook the dirt like that, and pawed, and here he come. I thought "Well, here is the end. Well, I certainly don't want to meet my end like a coward. I want to stand and take it like a man." I thought this was the end. And then, when that bull, being as far as across this arena here from me, ... instead of hating that bull, something happened; I loved him. And I thought, "Now, wait, I'm on his ground. He wasn't bothering me, I'm bothering him." And I said, "Creature of God, I am the servant of the Lord; I'm on my way to pray for His sick child. Now, I won't bother you anymore. In the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, go lay down again, and I won't bother you." And that fellow, here he come, and I wasn't no more a scared of that animal than I am of my brethren sitting here behind me. And here he come. I wish it could happen now. And he run, and when he got right within a few feet of me, he threw his feet out, and he stopped, and he looked this a way and that way so depleted, turned around, walked over and laid down. And I walked within five feet of that animal, and he just looked up at me, and I went on, went on by. When I got to the road and that left me, I shook all over. What was it? In emergency, love is projected, grace takes its place.

**57** Many of you has read the possum story, didn't you? Here's Gene and Leo and them sitting back there now. They was at my gate, last July, just about a year ago. And there'd been a young colored girl in the city, a beautiful woman, had had a illegitimate child. (Now, we're closing, just a moment.) And had this illegitimate child and she didn't want it. She took the little baby and wrapped it in a blanket, put wire around it and smothered it to death. Had a cab driver take her out on the bridge, of the Ohio River, which it spans about a mile across there, and told the cab driver she had to throw something out and he stopped, and she pitched the baby over into the water. And the cab driver was suspicious, and called the Coast Guard. They seined it out, and it was a little baby. So, I said to Gene and Leo (which I call my students, the recording boys here), I said, "That wasn't a mother; that was just a female. A mother wouldn't do that."

**58** And while we were talking, up the road come something moving. I watched it. It was a possum; and a possum travels at night. If you have them here, you know they're night travelers. But I noticed him, he was dragging himself like this. Now, I said, "Look at that possum, he's coming, dragging himself in. Perhaps he's got rabies," I said to Gene and Leo. We went out to look at him. And when we did, I pulled a rake, garden rake there, over the possum, and instead of playing possum, he started biting at that rake. And I noticed that all of his legs was all chewed off, and here he'd been hit by a car or chewed by the dogs, and he was in a dying condition. And then, there's only two animals that have pockets; that's a kangaroo and a possum. And when the possum let down, what's the reason she was fighting about, she had nine little naked babies about that long. And those little babies were trying to nurse. And I said, "Come here, Gene, you and Leo." I said, "Here is a possum that's a dying. Now, this possum is more of a mother than that woman was, 'cause she hasn't got thirty minutes to live." 'Cause there were fly blows, maggots all over it, and green flies where it was all swelled up. And I said, "She's got about at least thirty minutes, will take her life. But she'll spend that thirty minutes for her babies. She'll fight for them."

**59** Just at that time Mr. Wood, which is a book salesman in the meeting... His boy had been healed, crippled up with polio, about a sixteen-year-old boy. And he was a contractor, just sold out and just follows the meetings. He lives neighbors to me. His wife is a veterinarian. They come up. Another man come up. She said, "Well, Brother Branham, take the..." Now, the possum is, perhaps, dying. She said, "Kill her, and then take the little ones," said, "They got round mouths, they can't be put on a bottle, they're too little, and just kill them." I said, "Sister Wood, I can't do it." And she said, "Well, Brother Branham, you're not going to let that poor old thing lay there and suffer." Said, "That's the humane thing." I said, "I know you're right, but I can't do it." "Why," she said, "let my husband do it." And I said, "No, I don't want to." Said, "You mean, you're going to let that poor animal lay there and suffer like that?" I said, "Well, I just can't kill her." And said, "Well, just pick the little ones up and hit them, and they'll be dead in a second and won't suffer."

**60** So, while she was saying that, she said, "Well, go and get one of your guns. You're a hunter." Said, "Shoot them." Said, "You're a hunter." I said, "I'm a hunter, but I'm not a killer." I said, "I just can't do it." The old mother possum, when I let her up, made her way up to my doorstep and exhausted. The boys are sitting here now. She laid all that day, that night. The next morning, I got up. There she was laying there, like she was stretched out cold. She never moved anymore through the day and those little baby possums trying to nurse.

**61** My little girl, Rebekah, very spiritual little child, about nine years old now, she came out the next morning real early, and she looked down. I was standing out there looking at the old mother possum, just... Nobody there yet, real early. And there she was laying there, dew all over her like frost-like, you know, but it was dew. And those little babies still trying to nurse that, looked like, a dead carcass laying there. And Becky said to me, my little girl, she said, "Daddy, what you going to do with her?" I said, "Honey, I don't know." She said, "Is she dead now?" And I said, "I think she is, sweetheart." I took my toe and touched her like that; she didn't move, and I kicked her a little bit again. I seen that little grin come out, I said "No, she's still alive, honey." And I said, "Look at that leg." Oh, that big around." And ordinarily it would be about that, just blows and, oh, everything all over it, and the flies all over it. And I said, "Poor old thing," right on her left side. I said, "Just won't be long she'll be gone." I said, "Honey, you better hurry back to bed." I said, "You run on and get in the bed, sweetheart. It's too early for you to be up."

**62** I walked in the little room to the side, and I sat down there and was rubbing my head like this, where many great visions has took place. I was rubbing my head and I thought, "Well, I don't know what I'll do with that old possum; I can't let them kill her; I just can't do it somehow." And sitting there like that, I heard something say to me, "Well, you preached a sermon on her yesterday to them boys, about her being a real mother." I said, "That's right. I say she was a mother." Said, "Well," said, "I sent her to you, and she's laid at your gate for twenty-four hours ... or, your step, waiting to be prayed for, like a lady. And you've never said nothing about it yet." "Why," I said, "I didn't know that..." I thought, "Who am I talking to?" I thought, "Huh, I couldn't be talking to myself." I thought, "Is that God? Why, I know He deals with wild... He knows the sparrow; He knows there's wild an..." I said, "Lord, if that be so..."

**63** I walked back out and little Becky was still standing there. And I walked out. And I was where the old mother possum was, and I said, "Heavenly Father, if You, by sovereign grace, this poor dumb brute that doesn't have a soul, but yet she wants to live to raise her babies, and You sent her to my doorstep to be prayed for, and she's laid here twenty-four hours, and I didn't know it...?" I said, "Forgive Your servant for being so stupid. And I pray that in Christ's name, that if You sent her here, that You'll do something for this possum, even though it's a dumb brute; but You're the God who created her, so, if You wanted me to pray for her, You forgive me, and I pray that You'll heal her." And, friends, God, my solemn Judge, that old possum turned over and looked at me, picked up her little babies in her pocket, that leg just normal as the other one, strutted down to the gate, that tail picked up like that, turned around and looked at me as if to say to me, "Thank you, kind sir." Right down the road it went, not even a limp, and went to the woods, and as far as I know, they're happy with their babies tonight.

**64** What is it? I've seen that happen time after time. When love is projected, sovereign grace will have to come in and take its place. If God, our Father, was concerned about an ignorant, dumb brute as a possum... Well, that possum knows more about divine healing than half the preachers in Canada (That's right.), or America, either one. That's right. She knowed how to follow the leading of the Holy Spirit, and she come as a ignorant dumb brute and waited; and God is my Judge that I will stand before you at the day of judgment, know that He laid His healing hand to that dumb brute and made her well, because, I believe in my heart, she wanted to live for those babies, to show an example that, when human beings get away from God, they drop farther and lower than the animals is that walk the streets and the fields.

**65** That's right. She loved and grace took its place. How much more are you tonight than that old possum was? How much more is that mother standing there with her baby? How much more is this mother with her baby? How much more is each one of you in there? How much more value are you? Jesus said about the sparrows, "Not one sparrow," He said, "could fall to the street without the Father knows it." Said, "How much more value are you than sparrows?" Don't your Father know what you have need of? Now, there's only one way that God can do this. That's for you to have love for Him, that'll cast out all the fear that you have that He won't do it, and say, "Lord Jesus, I love You." Then He will come down here tonight and manifest Himself tonight here at the platform and out in there that He's alive and among you. That's grace. Then He'll do the same thing for you tonight He did for the possum or any other, if you'll just believe Him. Shall we pray?

```
Matthew 10:29 Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.

Matthew 10:31 Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows.

Luke 12:6 Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?

Luke 12:7 But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows.

```
**66** Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for Jesus. We thank Thee for the love of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. And now, Lord, through the speaking of the Word, and being at lengthy, and the crowds not gathered yet, we thought it wisdom maybe to speak to the people a little long ... or, at length tonight. And so I pray now that in the next few moments after I have spoken to You, will You declare Yourself to be living and alive among us tonight, and let them know that Your grace is just as great tonight to them as it was at any time. And if they'll only love You, You will give Your grace to them freely, forgiving their sins and healing their sickness. Grant these things, Father God, I pray in Christ's name. Amen. All right. We're going to call some more people to the platform.

**67** Now, I'm going to ask you to do something for me, if you will. If you'll just kindly keep your seats and let the little ones stay right close to you; don't no one move. Just stay right where you are, just for a little bit. Now, I'm going... Let's see, Let's call... I believe they had a hundred cards out last night. I believe I called from 1 to 15 last night. Was that right? That was the first part. Let's call the last part tonight then. That would be 85 to a 100. All right, let's call... Just get about... That's as many usually as I can get through. Sometimes, if it's running good, I can get twenty or thirty. Sometimes I don't get but two or three, but it just depends on how the faith of the people is built. All right, who has prayer card 85? Hold up your hand. Prayer card 85; all right, would you come over here, prayer card 85? 86, who has prayer card 86? All right. 87, 88, 89, 90, all right. Where's Billy Paul or one of the ushers or somebody? Brother Joseph, would you help them down there, if you would. All right, now I'm going to call just a few more to see where we get. We can't tell; the prayer cards are mixed up. They're given out. We just call out from anywhere. All right, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90. That's five; one, two, three ... too many. All right, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100. Line up as your numbers are called, if you will. Thank you, brother dear.

**68** Now, while we're waiting just for a moment, maybe if they don't come, maybe we can call some more and get them lined up in the line. All right. Now, those whose numbers are called, so we can just have reverence... How many is in here, that is sick, and wants the Lord to heal you, and you haven't got a prayer card? Let's see your hand, everywhere, everywhere. All right. How many here has never been in one of my meetings? Let's see your hands. Quite a few. All right, now while they're lining them up, we'll see how many they all get there. Then I want to ask you something. Now, if you will, please, just for a few moments, be real reverent, see. Just be reverent; we're in the house of God. So now, I want to ask you something. Do you believe that Jesus is raised from the dead? Raise your hands. Do you believe that Jesus Christ lives tonight and is raised from the dead? All right, then if He's raised from the dead, then the Bible says, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." Is that right? How many believes that?

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**69** Now, I want to ask you something. If He was here on earth tonight, where would you find Him? What type of people would you find Him with? The poor. Is that right? If He's the same. He was with the poor then. And would He be with the scholars and the educated? No, no. Very few of them are saved. Well, now you say, "They're very fine, cultured." That doesn't have nothing to do with it. So was Caiaphas, and the high priest, and the holy and righteous men, seemingly. But what is sin? Would you like to know what sin is? Let's see your hand if you'd like to know what sin is? Sin's only one thing: unbelief. "He that believeth not is condemned already." You know, smoking cigarettes is not a sin? Do you know cursing, using God's name in vain is not sin? Do you know committing adultery is not sin? Certainly it isn't. That's the attributes of sin. That's the attributes of unbelief. You do that because you're not a believer. If you're a believer, you wouldn't do that.

```
John 3:18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.

```
**70** A peach tree bears peaches, because it's a peach tree. It's got peach tree life in it. Is that right? Yes, sir, see. It's the attributes of sin. It's the attributes of unbelief. If you believe, those things become dead to you. But if you're not a believer, then those fruits and signs follow you. Now, I want you to be real reverent. Now, what did Jesus do in this case? What would He do if He was here, if He acted like He did in the days when He was here in His flesh? Now, He's here tonight in the form of what? Spirit? Is that right? Say, "Amen." Spirit. Now, when He was here on earth, He said, "I can do nothing in Myself." How many knows He said that? How many knows that Jesus said, in Saint John 5:19, "Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." How many knows that's Saint John 5:19? Then Jesus never did one thing until the Father showed Him by vision, according to His own Word, which He's infallible, He's God, and He could not lie. He said, "Verily, verily (that's absolutely, positive), I say to you, the Son can't do nothing, except He sees the Father doing it first." That's right.

```
John 5:19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.

```
**71** When He was here on earth, when Philip came to Him, and Nathanael found Philip ... or, Philip found Nathanael (rather) when He come. He knowed him. He said, "You're a righteous man, a man who there's no guile." And He told him where He was. Is that right? How many knows He did that, in Saint John the 1st chapter? He told Philip where ... or, told Nathanael what kind of a man he was, what his trouble was, and where he was at when Philip found him. And what did the Pharisees say? They said, "He's a fortuneteller, Beelzebub." And Jesus said, "You said that against Me, the Son of man. I will forgive you. But when the Holy Ghost is come and does the same thing, and you say it, there's never forgiveness." How many knows the Bible says that? That's right. All right. This is the Holy Ghost dispensation now, Christ coming after He's been glorified. There's no excuse of Him. Now, going to ask you something else. What did the man the miracle was done on, what did he say about it? He said, "Thou art the Christ the Son of the living God." Is that right? The woman at the well, He spoke to her and talked to her to find out where her trouble was. When He found it, He told her. And she said, "Now, You must be a prophet." She said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh, He will do these things, but who are you?" He said, "I'm He." Is that right? How many knows that's right, Saint John 4, sure. A woman touched His garment one time, and went out and sat down in the crowd, or stood up, or wherever she was, and Jesus said, "Somebody touched Me." And they said... Everybody denied it; she denied it. "No, I never touched You." But Jesus said, "I..." Peter said, "Why, Lord, everybody's touching You, why say, 'Who touched Me?'" He said, "I perceive that I got weak; virtue went out of Me." Said, "Somebody touched Me." And He looked around until He found the person, and He told her about it.

```
Matthew 12:24 But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils.

Matthew 12:32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.

Matthew 16:16 And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.

Mark 3:22 And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.

Mark 3:29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:

Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Mark 5:31 And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:45 And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

Luke 11:15 But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.

Luke 12:10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.

John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 4:19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.

John 4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.

John 4:26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.

John 6:69 And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God.

```
**72** Now, if she touched His garment and got what she wanted... She pulled God through Christ. Does the Bible say He can still be touched? The Bible said He's a High Priest that can be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. Is that right? So you can touch Him tonight. And if you'll yield yourself to the love of God, and I yield myself to the love of God, God will project His presence with us and do the same things that He did when He was here on earth. Do you believe it? He said He would. Jesus said, "These things that I do shall ye do also; and more than this shall ye do, for I go to My Father," because there could be more places than one. How many knows He said that? That's right. And He said, "A little while and the world... (The world is the unbelievers.)--- the world will see Me no more." No matter what would take place, there's people that's born to be disbelievers. They were born with that spirit in them, will go out of this world that way. The Bible said, "Foreordained of old," Jude said so, "to this condemnation." Do you know that? Wouldn't you hate to be that person?

```
John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

Jude 1:4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

```
**73** My, look at Cain and Abel. Look at Esau and Jacob; before either was born, God knowed them. He said, "I hate Esau, and love Jacob." See, before-knowledge, He knew it. And there's people that won't believe... And so Jesus said, "A little while and them unbelievers (which will be massive, by the millions), they won't see Me no more; yet ye shall see Me, the believer, for I ('I,' as I said, is a personal pronoun), I will be with you (How long?) to the end of the world. I'll be even in you to the end of the world, and the very same things that I do shall you do also." And the Bible said that, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Now, if He will come and do that tonight, after saying that He did it, and He promised He would do it, and if we'll project that love to Him, He's duty bound to do it. Now, God has set in the church, some teachers, evangelists, prophets, all for the perfecting or growing the church together.

```
Malachi 1:2 I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved Jacob,

Malachi 1:3 And I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness.

Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Romans 9:13 As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**74** Now, I don't say that He will, but visions to me is just the same as you eating your dinner. The first thing I remember was a vision. When I was born, mother... You've heard the story, how the light stood there. When I was just a little boy, the first thing I remember, He met me out there in the woods, right behind the yard. I couldn't have been over two years or more, little bitty boy, throwing a little rock. My brother, was crawling behind me, which was a year old, a year younger than I. And He was standing there. And He told me where I would live at, and I went and told mama. All along, down through life, He's told those things. Not one time has it ever failed. It never will, see. Now, keep record and watch when it says, "Thus saith the Lord." Sometimes it's me talking; then when I yield myself, it's Him talking. So, it's just me, that I yield myself, just like here, it has nothing to do with it. When you yield yourself, He just takes over. Now, you yield yourself to Him out there, and here in the prayer line, every person here.

**75** (Are they all ready, Billy, everything?) All right, everybody's lined up. Everybody in the prayer line, if I'm a stranger to you, raise up your hand. If you don't know me, and I don't know, raise your hand, up high, in the prayer line. How many out there knows that I don't know you? Raise your hands. Everybody out in there that knows that I don't know you, see. All right. No matter where you're at... Now, here's what we are putting God... Now, there's one thing, right or wrong: This Bible is either the truth or it's an error. If it's a error, let's close up this building tonight, and walk away from here, and forget about Christianity---there's no such a thing. But if it's the truth, then Jesus Christ is duty bound to stand by His Word and project Himself in His church, for He said... His Word said, "The same things that I do, shall you also; even more than this, for I go to My Father. A little while and the world will see Me no more, yet you'll see Me; for I will be with you to the end of the world." The Bible says, "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever."

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**76** Now, to every person in here, if Christ will come tonight and do the same thing that He did when He was here on earth, the only thing besides a corporal body... That's sitting on the throne of God (How many knows that?), waiting for Him. When He returns, in that body... But He's here tonight in our body. And there's gifts in the church, if we just yield ourself and then the Holy Spirit begins to move. Now, please, be real reverent, and now just sit and pray. And if you're sick, say "Heavenly Father, do this for me. I know that man don't know me, but I love You; and I'm going to put this to a test tonight; have the man to speak to me. Have the man to speak to me, call me. I know something that's wrong with me, and if You'll heal me of that, You let him turn around and tell me what it is. I will believe You." That's exactly the Bible. That's perfectly with Scripture. It's Jesus Christ; it's exactly what the Bible done, see.

**77** Most people have been taught in one regular school, and they can't get away from that. That's the way they failed to see Jesus when He come the first time. They had their own way, the way the Messiah was coming. But He come born in a manger, and they said, "That's not our Messiah," see. And today, you'd expect Him to come in the Vatican City, or the high church of England, or somewhere like that, some great aristocrat. And He's right down with the poor, moving out among them, and they know it not. That's right. I don't say He wouldn't deal with the Catholic, or with an Anglican, or with the Presbyterian, or with the Pentecostal, or with a Nazarene, whoever you are, a Jehovah Witness, or whoever you are, that doesn't matter. The thing of it is: if your heart is right with Him, He will deal with you.

**78** Now, heavenly Father, I've spoke of You. I've told the people of Your goodness and mercy. Now, I yield my soul to You. Help thou me, heavenly Father, that these people at the day of judgment, when I stand before them, and with them before Thee, then there'll be no excuse. I pray that You'll grant these blessings, in the name of Thy beloved Child, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Now, have faith. All right. Now, don't move around, please, just sit real still, just a few minutes. The boys won't let me stay long, 'cause you're in another world; this is something that takes the life right from you. How many knows a vision and knows by the Bible, what it does for you? Let's see your hand. When Daniel saw one vision, he was troubled in his head for many days, see. Now, just be reverent. All right, Brother Cox, just start bringing them.

**79** How do you do, sir? Now, here's a man standing before me, which is a stranger. I don't know the man; I have never seen him in my life. We're total strangers to each other, and I... If there's something wrong with the man, or with any of the rest of you, and I could help you and wouldn't do it, I'd be a brute. I wouldn't be worthy to stand behind this sacred desk and preach the Word of the Lord Jesus. I wouldn't be worthy; I'd be an awful person. So, I'm trying my best, with the gift that God has given me, to let you see that He loves you. Now, I say He's raised from the dead. Now, I believe the man is a stranger to me. Are you, sir? We don't know one another. We've never met one another, and never seen one another. And we're different in age; and perhaps he's a Canadian, and I was born in the States, and here we are two different nations and we're just strangers. Yes, sir. Well now, now here we don't know one another. Now, God knows what he's here for. I don't. He's aware of that. I never seen him. But I want to ask you something [unclear words] .

**80** Now, God may not do it, but if He does, if the Holy Spirit will come down, and I'll talk to Him just like when Nathanael brought ... or, come before Jesus, and Jesus said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there's no guile..." Did He say that? And what did the man say? "Rabbi (or, preacher, teacher), how did You know me?" "Why," He said, "before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." "Saw me thirty miles over behind the mountain? Why," he said, "You're the Son of God. You're the King of Israel." Now, the Pharisees had---never would say that. But we as Christians, we believe that Jesus Christ promised that them same things would be in His church, and they would be manifested till He comes again. You believe it, don't you? And if He will, the main thing is the man, before God as I am standing here, knows we know nothing of one another, then God would have to do it. Do you believe that? And if He does it and will do it, would every one of you accept Jesus as your healer [unclear words] will you do it? Will you do it? Raise up your hand [unclear words] . That's right. All right.

```
John 1:47 Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!

John 1:48 Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.

John 1:49 Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.

```
**81** Now, may He [unclear words] . Now, sir, now, to talk to you, I just want to contact your spirit. Just exactly the way it would be if I was... Just like Jesus said to the woman at the well, He begin to talk to her, 'cause it's just like Him speaking and it's changing over. But we, being strange to one another, and not knowing each other, then God would have to do something. And if something would come to me and the Lord would let me know something about you, that you know that I don't know, and not knowing you... I don't know nothing about you. So then, you'd know it'd have to come from some kind of a supernatural force. Is that right? Then you'd accept it to be the Lord Jesus, as I have plainly stated before the Bible. All of you. You believe it? That's fine.

**82** The Lord bless you, sir. That's very fine. Now, I trust that He will do it. Now see, if I'd say to you, maybe, something that's wrong, I'd say, "Go ahead, mister, the Lord's going to ... be all right. 'Thus saith the Lord'; it's going to be all right." You'll have a right to doubt that, because that's me saying it. But when Something's here who knows what you have did and then can bring that back to your memory, then you know whether that's truth or not. Then you'd believe that it was Christ, wouldn't you? You'd say it wasn't the flesh or something like that. You'd believe it was Christ. Now, I'm waiting for Him to answer. I'm just talking to you till He answers to me, see. And then when He comes to me, I can only say what I see. That's all. You won't have to say nothing; you just be the judge (see) if He does it. Now, through Christ's name, the Lord Jesus, I take every spirit in this building under my control for the glory of God, as I feel His anointing moving down now, as that light begins to move to me, the Angel of the Lord, the same One that led the children of Israel, which was Christ.

**83** This man who's standing before me, he's suffering with a nervous trouble. He's got a kidney trouble also. That is right. Now, it leaves me. Now, you know whether that was true or not. Is that true? That is true. And the audience knows that that's true. Now, just to talk to you a moment. This is where... Now, look audience, do you believe now? It's infallible. But now, that's been... See, it don't make any difference... See, it's God's attitude towards this man, is His attitude toward you. But now, the visions is what hurt so bad. So, let me just speak to him, just a little while longer and see what the Lord would say, till it... Maybe it wouldn't [unclear words] . But it would just say... You see, after while we will get through there and then start praying for them another way. But you just... Listen, pull your faith of Him now. The man is a real believer, because his spirit is uniting here, wonderfully. So, maybe the Lord would let me speak something that would encourage him or others. I don't say that He would. I say whatever His will is. I can't say.

**84** But I believe I was talking to you something about your trouble that you had... Yes, I see something else. Now, the man is coming to this city; he isn't from this city. He's from away from here, but he's still a ... it's in Canada. It's in Canada, and its kind of southwest from here. That's right. And it's a city called Beechy, or something like that. And your name is Collins, Mr. A. Collins. And you're of the age about seventy-seven years old. That's correct. You've got a child that you want me to pray for; that's a girl. She's only about ten. And she's got a bad arm. That's "Thus saith the Lord." Do you believe that was Him, now? I bless thee, my brother. May you receive whatever you have come for, in Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. Do you believe the Lord Jesus? Now, what does He have to do, saints? He loves you. You say "Brother Branham, did you heal the man?" No, sir, healing's already purchased at Calvary nineteen hundred years ago. That's just your faith. And why don't you love Him and touch Him? That doesn't heal the man, that just brings his faith up to where he can be.

**85** Now, the next one, come on. Here's another man. You're... This is the... Now, sometimes it's kind of subconscious [Gap in the audio.] ... living in two worlds. But sir, immediately you know you're not in the presence of your brother. You're in the presence of God. You're aware of that. Are you a believer? You're a Christian, and you're here on a mission. You're not here for yourself. You're here for somebody else. And it's a man, a rupture and high blood pressure, and low. Is that true? Do you believe now? May you go and find just as you have believed. And thee, my brother, I thee bless in the name of Christ the Lord, that you receive that what you have asked for. Amen. God bless you, sir.

**86** Next person. Everybody love the Lord? Do you really love Him? Isn't He wonderful? He's here; He's the One and only---the great, magnificent Christ. Oh, here in His presence, how I wish I could just live in... Canadian brethren and sisters, how I wish I could just get you to ... you could ... you'd know Him in this way. How wonderful He is. How it makes me feel that all the whole world [unclear words] of Jesus. Sure, Christ is here, the Lord Jesus, the One that died for your sins, the One that saves you, the One that heals you, the One that loves to give you of His might or blessings. Just have faith in Him. Don't doubt. But believe every word that He said, and He will bring it to pass. You believe it?

**87** Now, lady, I don't know you. We're strangers to one another. But here's a picture tonight, of a woman and a man, like our Savior and the woman at the well, standing talking to each other. Now, if there's something wrong with you, and I could help you and wouldn't do it, I wouldn't be your brother; I'd be a brute. If I was a doctor, and you was sick, and I could do something for you, if you didn't have a penny, I'd do it anyhow, see. I want to help you, because I look at you and I think of my own mother, see. You're perhaps somebody's mother. So then, how would I feel if my mother was standing there? What if it was my mother and some other brother was standing before my mother? I'd want him to be as sincere as he could. Anything he could do to help my dear old mother, I would appreciate it. And I know your children would feel the same way. And if I could, I would, but there's nothing I can do only by a divine gift, might cause your faith to be raised in Christ. But not knowing you, Christ does know you. And if He will reveal to me what's on your heart for me to ask me, or for me to do for you, would you accept it?

**88** Would you, audience, believe it out there? The little lady sitting there, elderly mother too, I seen you standing there, little flower on your hat, sitting right there at the end, suffering with headaches. You believe that Jesus Christ makes you well now? Little lady sitting there, looking right at me, with a flower on her hat there. You believe that Jesus Christ makes you well? You do? All right. You go home believe now; you won't have it any more. Jesus is good to you and [unclear words] . Do you love Him? Raise up your hand there, the lady with the white flower on her hat. That's it, lady, stand up. See, that's it. You got [unclear words] . You love the Lord Jesus? Now, all the... That kind of migraine headaches and things you been having, been bothering you, now, it's all going to leave you. You're going to be all right. Your faith touched Him, see. Now, go home and be well. Amen. Have faith.

**89** [The lady speaks to Brother Branham.] You do? That's right. Now, you're leaving, and you're going away, and you've had a fall. And you've injured your hip and your limbs, and you can hardly get around on them. And you're under a doctor's care. And I see that doctor; he's kind of like a osteopathic, or massaging that hip, and that's a good man. He's a Christian man. He's a believer. And he would advise you to come to me. That's right? Isn't that right? That's exactly right. A good man, see? That you might know that I be the servant of the Lord: not me (I'm a humble man), but that's Him talking to you.

**90** There's someone with you tonight who wants to be prayed for. That's your husband. Isn't that right? If God will tell me what's wrong with your husband that's here now, would you believe that he will receive what he's asked for? Would you believe that if God will tell me? 'Cause there's a black shadow over him; it's his eyes. He's got bad eyes, (Hasn't he?), losing his sight. But the Lord Jesus will heal him. Do you believe that? If those things are true, raise up your hand so the people will see. Now, do you believe? Now, if I've asked God, you'll get well, do you believe? Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe: If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Almighty God, to this dear little mother, I bow my head in humility in humbleness to You, knowing that You're here, and I pray that this woman will recover, and be well, and normal. And the blessings that she's asked for, may she receive it as Your Spirit is here to witness to her Your resurrection and Your motives towards the sick and afflicted. I ask in Christ's name. Amen. May the Lord bless you, my sister, and give to you the desire of your heart.

```
Mark 16:17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**91** Now, how do you do, lady? You're a very young woman to be sick. Maybe you're not; I don't know. Christ knows that. Do you believe that you're standing in His presence, not your brother's? Now, be just as reverent as you can, see. Each one of you is a spirit; and you're every one just like ... I don't know. And it usually goes out, and when it does, I have to find where it's at, to see what happened. Someone was healed. It was in this direction. It might've been those people got up and went. It might've been that. See, everyone of you is a spirit; you know that. If you're not, you wouldn't ... you couldn't be alive. You see, right now in every one with the Holy Spirit ... every spirit is subject, see. You can feel the skeptic; you can feel the persons disbelieving; you can feel the scoffer, and I'm fighting against all that, and depending on you Christians to be praying for me, see. I'm representing your Father, your God. And you realize what a tremendous strain this is to stand here. Now, just reverent. I know it's long, but we'll leave just in a minute, if you'll be real reverent. He's done enough to convince you, if you're ever going to be convinced. Don't you believe that? He sure has. But just be reverent a few moments. We'd try to move these people through the line just a moment.

**92** Now, lady, I just want you to believe. Look to me just a moment. Just to carry the conversation as our Lord did to the woman at the well. He said to her, "Bring Me a drink." You know the story, how it goes. He talked to her. Do you think He was contacting her spirit? Only thing He could be. 'Cause He didn't know; He just come up there. The Father sent Him up there, and He was just standing there. Now, the Father sent me here, and I'm just standing here and here you are. I've got to have some way to know what you're here for. And if He will reveal to me what you're here for, will you believe Him? You will? May He grant it as we look to Him in prayer, and as I yield myself to His Holy Spirit. I keep seeing a man appear before me, that's praying. The man sitting there with heart trouble, God bless you; your faith makes you whole, sir. God bless you. Do you have a prayer card, sir? Well, you won't need it. You can just tear it up. [Unclear words.] Will you do me a favor, sir? You feel different. The man sitting next to you had the trouble too. Lay your hand over on him, that he may receive his. Lord Jesus, their faith is touching You, Lord. I pray that You will make him perfectly well, that the world may know that You're Christ, the risen One. Amen.

```
John 4:7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.

```
**93** Now, have faith in God. Don't doubt, but believe with all your heart and receive what you've asked for. You're almost a wreck: complications. You have a ladies' trouble, female trouble that's very bad, really more serious than you think. Another thing, you're extremely nervous, all tore up. And I believe there's a place in you that... You've got a place in your stomach, which is like in a hernia or rupture in your stomach. That's right. That's true, isn't it? Who can heal? Who can make muscles grow together? Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Do you believe that it's Him speaking to you through me? You feel like you've never felt before, don't you? Now, if that's right, raise your hand. You know, me standing here, a poor little man like me, couldn't make you feel that way. Between you and I is a light that's going back and forth---the Holy Spirit, the same Angel of God. Do you believe Jesus Christ is in the form of light today after His resurrection? Do you know the Bible says that?

**94** The last apostle that ever found Jesus... What did he see? And who was the last one to see Jesus? Preachers? Paul. What kind of condition was He in? A light. Who was it, the light come in through their cells that night (Is that right?), got Peter out of the prison. You're standing right close to Him now. Will you believe, sister? Then if that's who's speaking through here and you believe it, then I'd have to be a believer, wouldn't I? Then He said, "If they lays hands on the sick, they shall recover." Do you believe that? Come here, then. Heavenly Father, this poor lady, walking in shadows, I pray for her, and ask that in Christ's name, just now, that You will make her well and deliver her, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Have faith.

```
Mark 16:18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

```
**95** Do you believe, lady? I don't know you, but God does know you. Are you aware that Christ, the Son of God, is near? You're scared, aren't you? No need of being scared. Jesus lives; He wants you to get away from fear. Now, you're afraid you got cancer (That's right.) on the breast. That's right, isn't it? What if I told you you didn't have it, that you were healed when you came in the line back there? You believe it? There many of them are healed before they get here, made well. All right, go on your road now and rejoice. Believe God; thank God, and believe Him with all your heart. In Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. Come, lady. You believe God can heal you of that back trouble, and you'll be all right, and get well? Hurts you and bothers you, but you believe that He's here who knows you. You believe that He'd make you well? Lord, in Christ's name, I bless my sister for her healing, just now. Amen. God bless you.

**96** All right. Now, someone's thinking back there I'm reading people's mind. That's wrong. Look here. Anyone knows that you look a psychic, you take a number and you... I won't look at the lady. Lady, if you lay your hand on mine. If God the Father will show to me what's wrong with you as I look this way and don't... I ask the people to look at me, because it get a... There's so many different spirits and every one's pushing in. If God will reveal to me what's your trouble, will you accept Christ as your healer? If you will, raise up your hand that you got on mine. All right, now put your hand back. And if you'll believe with all your heart, diabetes will leave you, and you'll be well. You believe it will? All right, you can go have your healing. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise be to God."

**97** Now, let's let this person coming. Now, lady, just lay your hand on mine. Do you believe with all your heart? Now look, you're extremely nervous, and the nervousness is because you got a ladies' trouble, a female trouble that you want me to pray for. Isn't that right? That's right. If it is, raise up your hand. That female trouble is bad too. And you have pains, especially on your left side, with it. That's right. It's an ulcer on the ovary causing the drainage. But if you'll believe with all your heart, it'll leave you and go away. Do you believe now? Father, I bless the woman. In the name of Thy Son the Lord Jesus, for her healing I pray. Amen. All right.

**98** Sister dear, do you believe? I see you in the city. You're moving down the street. Seems to be kind of early of a morning, and you're getting off from the sidewalk, and you're stooping real easy as you get off. Arthritis making you stiff and sore; can't hardly get up in the morning, sometimes, it gets you so bad. That's true. Is that right? Do you believe you're in His presence? Will you accept Him as your healer? Then I bless you, my beloved sister, in Christ's name, for your healing. Amen. Go, believe now; don't doubt. Have faith in God.

**99** Do you believe? Sir, do you believe God? You believe me to be His servant? You do? Do a lot of coughing, don't you? Asthma's an awful bad thing, but God's a healer of asthma. Do you believe that, with all of your heart? That's right. You have another little trouble which is---man your age would actually have---getting up at night, a pros... Wait just a moment. Every one reverent. A black shadow... Something's wrong. Be reverent, Christians. The Holy Spirit's a moving in the audience. Look here again, sir. The man sitting right there looking at me, both of you, you have prostate trouble. That's right, sir; you have prostate trouble. See them demons sympathizing one with another? He thought he'd get by with that, Satan did, but he failed. That's good faith for a sinner to have there. You ought to accept the Lord Jesus as your Saviour. Will you do it? Will you stand to your feet and accept the Lord Jesus as your Saviour? That's right. You've never confessed Him; you're a sinner. And you want to accept Jesus as your Saviour? Then Christ of God forgive his sins and heal his troubles, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go home well. He saves you, brother. You do the same thing, my brother. The Lord Jesus being on your...

**100** Blessed be the name of the Lord. How can anyone doubt our Lord Jesus? Isn't He wonderful? He saved, and came and healed the sickness. He's raised from the dead. Amen. You want to get over the diabetes and be made well? You do? Do you believe that Christ will grant it to you? Our heavenly Father, I bless the woman for her healing in Jesus' name. Amen. Go, believing. Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to be His servant? I want to ask you something. There seems to be something odd. Something happened. Be reverent now; be just as reverent as you can. Oh, people of Prince Albert, you that's in this little building tonight, how fortunate we are to have Jesus Christ the Son of God to be here tonight with us.

**101** Now, lady, just stop with you a second, ask you something. You've been nervous for quite awhile. That's part of being the time of the menopause, change time. And through this time, you'd been getting sick spells, stomach trouble. You can't eat well. Your food don't digest right. It's a peptic condition in the stomach. You want to eat your supper? You want to go eat and feel right again? I see you moving away from the table (You see.), just keep moving back like that, and I know that it's in your stomach. That's right. Will you believe now with all your heart? Our heavenly Father, I bless this woman in the name of the Lord Jesus, that You'll heal her and make her well for God's glory. Amen. All right.

**102** Do you believe with all your heart? How many of you believe? How many is willing to believe? There's a black shadow hanging over that man sitting there on the chair. Sir, you know you're dying---a cancer. Jesus Christ can make you well. Do you believe it? I never seen you in my life; there's a black shadow hanging with you. That means that you're shadowed to death. Look, doctors can't do nothing for you now. You're past that. There were some lepers laid at the gate, one time, at Samaria. And they were going to die. They were starving in the city. So if they went in the city, nothing could help them. If they laid there, they were still going to die. They said, "We got one chance. If we go down to the enemy, the Syrians have the city besieged." Said, "Maybe they'll have mercy on us." God, in His sovereign mercy, had mercy on them, and their life was saved. And not only that, but He saved others---the Bible story.

**103** Now, you're laying in the same shape. You're at the end of the road. But you're not asked to go to an enemy. You're welcome at the Father's table tonight. You're expected to come. He's sent His Spirit telling you to come. What about you people in the wheelchairs? What about you people here? Maybe at the wheelchair, you think I'm joking, but, no, I'm not. You think, "Oh, nothing can be done for me." Sure it can. Look and believe. Will you [unclear words] ? Will you do it right now? Will you have faith in God? Lady, that gall bladder trouble, on the end; troubles done left you there, so don't fear now.

**104** Let us bow our heads just a moment, will you? Will you bow your heads with me? Everyone, reverently, if you will. In the Divine Presence of the Holy Spirit just now, I'm going to ask you a question solemnly. You've bore a long time. I know it's about time for me to go, the brethren are patting on the shoulder. I know it's time for me to go. I don't know just how much strength goes, but I have to be back tomorrow night. Believe now. You promised me you would; you promised God you would. And as your brother, won't you just project that divine love to Christ just now? Say, "Lord Jesus, You know I love You; You forgive me for all I've done. I want You to heal me right now, and I'll believe You that You're going to do it."

**105** And now, I'm going to pray for you every one. Now, if I've found grace in your sight, then I'm telling you the truth. Christ is here. He's raised from the dead. He loves you. Now, humbly come to Him and receive your healing and your salvation, while we pray. Heavenly Father, there's feeling now, weakness coming into my body as Your Spirit and gift begins to leave. No wonder Elijah walked in the wilderness for forty days and found back in the mountain, crawled back to a little hole not even knowing where he was at. No wonder Jonah sat and cried for God to take his life when he was [unclear words] after the Spirit left Him. No wonder Daniel walked in the trouble of his head for many days. No wonder the Angel left the pool.

**106** No wonder Jesus said, "I perceive that virtue's gone from Me." It's Your Spirit, Lord. And You are so gracious tonight, for You've come down and took our place. We'd never be worthy; we couldn't be. We were born sinners, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies, all have transgressed. We'd lost hope without God. You must love me, Lord Jesus: come and took my place. He died in our stead and stands before God tonight. His righteousness imputed unto us to bring reconciliation between God and man, that the Holy Spirit could continue the work of the Lord Jesus' presence coming. And this group, along with myself, has witnessed tonight the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Father, I pray, I pray with all of my heart, God, as only a servant could pray, God, look upon this scene, and may every sick person just now, may they feel that loving, stimulating waves of God's holy love coming into their hearts and saying, "Child of Mine, that's Me that's here tonight, waiting to heal you." Grant it, Lord. And these handkerchiefs, likewise, send Your Spirit with them to heal whomever receives them.

```
Psalm 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.

Psalm 58:3 The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

```
**107** And now, Father, may each and every one that's in Divine Presence feel Your Spirit moving through them; may they accept You just now. God, I don't know one more thing You can do. You've spoke it in Your Word. You've showed Yourself here alive; Your Word has been made clear. You're redeeming. You said, "When the Holy Ghost is come, He would show you things to come." He's here with us. We love You, and I pray, just now, that the power of the resurrected Christ will rest upon each heart. Make sinners ashamed of their life. Maybe they attended church all their life, and still an unbeliever. That makes them a sinner. So, Father, I pray that they'll be full of faith that they'd walk up to this altar right now, and say, "Lord, be merciful to me, an unbeliever, and make me Your child." Grant it, Lord. That's what You're here for is to save the lost. You've proved it, God, that You would send Your Spirit on Your people.. And I've got to stand before them at day of the judgment to give an account. Please, God, I beg You with these tears on my cheeks, that You'll do it. Send Thy Spirit tonight, Lord, and heal every sick person. You said, "The effectual fervent prayer availeth much." And O God, in Christ's name I pray that through divine promise, and that You'll just move back that shadow of doubt and darkness. The devil's trying to inject it and keep them away. God, deal with them in Christ's name, let the Holy Ghost and God's divine presence loose them. And now, in the name of Jesus Christ I ask that the devil of unbelief be cast from this place and from the people. And may the Holy Ghost take charge over in their heart and let sinners be saved, and backsliders brought back to Christ, and sick people and afflicted people healed in Jesus Christ's name.

```
John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

James 5:16 Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
```
