---
Date: 1956-06-03
Title: The Lamb's book of life
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the Branham Tabernacle in Jeffersonville, Indiana, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 47 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# The Lamb's book of life



**1** Morning friends. It was kind of surprising for me to be here today. I wasn't expecting to be here. I was going to be down in Kentucky. A very dear friend of mine took terribly sick, our Brother Lyle [unclear words] a dying condition in the hospital. Mrs. Ferguson that used to come here, her son dying also, in the hospital. And so, I didn't go, and just stayed for them. And then Mr. Matheny, of the Pentecostal church in New Albany, on Silver Street, just past the... It's on Oak and Silver, I think. And I was supposed to speak for him tonight. I told him (cancelled it out last Wednesday), told him I'd wait till come back from Indianapolis. And then just as I run into the hospital yesterday to see Brother Lyle, why, I met him. He said, "Well, I see you didn't go." And I said, "No." He said, "Well, come on, speak anyhow." So, I guess, the Lord willing, I'll be down there tonight to speak for Brother Matheny. And I told him that when we went down there, I was going to have a healing service for him. And I usually like to fast about three days before the healing service. So, I told him I'd speak, and if there was anyone there, we'd pray for them anyhow---just a regular prayer line.

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

```
**2** Now, we got one more week. A week from next Monday now, till the services begin at Cadle Tabernacle, in Indianapolis. And we trust that the Lord will bless us up there in an exceeding great meeting. As a child with Christmas anticipations, I'm waiting for that service. Just something about serving the Lord. We get so tired sometimes, till it looks like we can't go any farther. And then when you rest up just a day or two, there's something strikes you, and you just got to go again. So, today, we are here for one purpose. That is, to serve the Lord. And just before we have prayer and the reading of the Word, I want to apologize publicly to Brother Neville. Yesterday, I stayed home from down in Kentucky yesterday purposely, to preach for him on the broadcast.

**3** Next Saturday, if God willing, and Brother Neville willing, I want to speak on the morning broadcast next Saturday for Brother Neville. And so, he was so gracious to forgive me, he said... I guess I took advantage of him. And he's one of those guys that I can pass the compliment back. And expecting somebody.

**4** And what got me upset was early that morning when they called me to Brother Lyle, and them, in New Albany. And it was just about ten minutes to nine o'clock. I said, "Oh, I was supposed to be on that broadcast in ten minutes." And here, me in Jeffersonville, him down there, waiting for me. Brother Woods called him yesterday, and I thought I'd let Brother Woods apologize for me, first, you know. So, he just penalized it, to make me speak this morning, and come on down. So, here we was. And so, we're... We trust that God will be in our services. I have nothing premeditated. Don't even know where to begin in the Scriptures. Just picked up my Bible a few moments ago, and run down. I had to get my Collin's Bible, because it's got a little bigger print. I'm past forty, you know. So, when you get forty years old, anything close to you, you don't see it like you used to, you know. How many knows that to be true? Yes, sir.

**5** Here, not long ago, I thought, "Say, there's something wrong with me. I can't wear a green glass, or a brown glass." Never could; make me sick at my stomach. So, I said, "There's something wrong." I called up Dr. Adair, and I said, "Doc, what color... Could you examine my eyes, tell me what color glasses I have to have?" He said, "Maybe, I might tell you what." Said, "I tell you, I will just send you over to Louisville, to some specialist there, on that." "Well," I said, "I don't want no eye examination." I said, "I got good eyes. I can stand, see a hair laying there on the floor." He said, "But, better give you an examination anyhow, and he'll tell you what color you have to have." So, I went over there. And come to find out, he was a Christian brother, wanted to go back to Africa with me, and do some operations. Said, "Now, them natives are very odd, see." Said, "They won't let no knife cut on them, but they love you. And I want to give six months of free service to taking cataracts, and things like that, for the natives." And he said, "When you go over," said, "I'd like to give six months of my life to the Lord's service." I said, "Doc, do you believe in divine healing?" He said, "Every word of it." And he give me a testimony about one time, when he was a throat and eye specialist... He said they called him. A little baby had swallowed one of those whistles, and got it caught in his throat. He said, "I went there, and the baby was just going away." They run to the hospital. There's nothing you could do. He said, "I didn't know what to do." So he said, "I just like stepped out of the room. And I said, "Dear heavenly Father, help me to know, somehow, what to do for that poor baby that's dying, and I can't get nothing around to jerk it. And I don't know what to do." And said, "The baby went, 'Uh!' And the whistle flew out on the floor." He said, "How could I keep from believing?" Prayer changes things. That's right.

**6** So, he told me... We sat there and talked a little while. And he had that little dark room, and he had the little thing come on there, and I seen a little red light. He said, "Can you read that?" I see it. Said, "twenty-twenty." I said, "Yes sir." I could read it, either way, twenty-twenty. Then he put fifteen-fifteen. I could read it. And ten-ten; I could read it. He said, "Well, there's not too much wrong with your eyes." Then he put a little telescope out here with a... Said, "Read that for me." And I noticed it. I could read it fine. He kept getting closer, closer. I began to slow up on my reading. When he got about like this, I quit. He said, "I'll tell you before I ask you. You're past forty." I said, "Yep. That's right. I said, "I'm forty-five." And he said, "Well, when a man passes forty..." Said, "Don't see how you got by with it this long. Just like your hair gets gray, your skin gets wrinkled, hairs come in your ears, and so forth." Mr. Egan can tell you that as a barber. "And when you pass forty years old," said, "your eyeballs get flat, and you won't dilate." Said, "I'll tell you how to do it." Said, "You squint your eyes real close together, and read that." Well, brother, I could read it if it was that close to me, squinting my eyes. I put my hands like that, and make a little telescope like, you could read it. It isn't nothing wrong with your eyes; it's just a nature. Forty years old people has to wear reading glass. And so, he wanted to make me some. And well, He did. But I never did like the things, you see. And I always ... never think about them. And I read sometime, and...

**7** But I just got me a Collins Bible, which is a little bit bigger print. And I thought, "Well, I just can't get used to wearing them, you see." And you don't... You don't look... If I'd look off out like that, you can't see nothing. But you look down close, then it brings it up to you. He said, "You start reading like this, the first thing you know, you keep pushing your hand back. After a while, your arm is not long enough, so you reach out to it. So that's the way it is. Now, the Lord bless. Now, I want to ask you something this morning before we start into the Sunday school lesson. What is value? I've been thinking on it. If I had enough throat this morning, I'd preach on that subject. But my throat's bad, and I've got this meeting coming up here in New Albany, tonight. And then also, I got... The campaigns are starting. I just want to teach awhile this morning from some Scripture. But what is value?

**8** My mother, I don't guess she's here. I don't see her anywhere. Is she? Yes. Mom, you're getting little. So, I asked her yesterday. I asked her the subject, because I've been studying on it. You ever get a thing on your mind, just start studying? Brother Ledford, you've done that a many time. You just start studying. What is value? And I began to think. I said, "You know, if I had a hundred million dollars laying here in a pile, and I had a little button here. If I'd press this button, I lose my hundred million dollars, but I get to talk with my old dad that's gone on, have one hour, a mortal being again, what would I do? No hesitation. I'd press the button. I'd give a hundred million dollars, this morning, to sit my dad down in this chair while I teach this lesson. So, what's money worth? How much more is a soul, than money? See. Mama, you remember when I had that little old T-model Ford, the little old '26 model? How I'd polish that thing! I was just a kid, about sixteen, seventeen years old. And I was a sinner then. And sometimes... I was working with Mr. Ginther back there. I'd...

**9** Sunday afternoon... Sunday morning, I'd go down, sharpen all the bits, and things for the air compressor, and clean it up. Sunday afternoon, I'd polish that little old Ford, till it looked like the paint would almost come off of it. What if I tried, this morning, to find one piece of that Ford. What if I tried to find one of those bits off that air compressor? The same time I could've been winning souls, I was polishing my Ford. I wonder where value is? I worked on Sunday mornings, up there, as much as they'd let me. I appreciated it, because I was in debt. But where did it get me? What did it win? Brother Ledford, what if somebody come to you and I, and Brother Neville, this morning, all of us here ... the three of us, rather. And say, "Ministers, I'm going to give each of you a million dollars,"---somebody was worth ... could do it. And I'd say, "Now, Brother Ledford, Brother Neville, I will tell you what let's do. Let us go out and find all the poor people that we can. Let's make every little home happy, by giving the kiddies some clothes, and paying off the mortgage, or buying this little place." We'd never miss it: a million dollars apiece. Why, the interest off of it would take care of it, as much as we could do with that; put in some good investment, or something. And then what would we do? That would be fine. Not let nobody know nothing about it. Our hearts would feel satisfied. But now, in a hundred years from today... Brethren, it would take a miracle of God if we're still living a hundred years from today, you know that. Now, we'd be in eternity. What good would the million dollars do, or all the feeding of the poor, and things that we've done? See, it wouldn't amount to very much. If I had a billion this morning, what good would it do us after we're gone?

**10** Well, let me tell you something. We haven't got that money. You're poor men. All of us are. That's right. We live by the alms of the people, being ministers. But brother, in Africa, one little black boy, about this high, or a prostitute off the street yonder in Louisville, one soul saved, in eternity, when that star is a shining yonder, our name will wrapped into it. There's your value. It isn't how much you've got, how much you desire, it's how much you can do towards saving souls for Christ Jesus. Our money will fade.

**11** I'd polish that little old Ford. And this morning, sitting up there in the garage, is a Cadillac that they give me. But one of these days, that Cadillac will be like the Ford is; it will be no more. But God will still be the same.

**12** But if I get a soul saved for Christ, brother, as long as there's an eternity, the glory of God will rest on that soul. So, what is value anyhow? What good does it do when the struggles is in your throat, and the doctor sees the pulse coming up your sleeve. What good's all the money, and all the popularity? People to pat you on the back, or you become a great person, what good does that do you? Not a bit. It vanishes, and stays here on the earth. But one soul saved, you'll see your name wrapped into it as long as the morning star shall glitter in heaven. So, let's save souls, brethren. Each one. You housewives, (You don't have to be a preacher.), you do something for the glory of God. Remember, eternal things is what lasts forever, and that's getting souls saves. Let that be the first thing of all your work, and all your ideas, and all your motives.

**13** Yesterday, standing by, holding a mother's hand, my arm around her, and her chin quivering, and her boy laying there, dying. She said, "Billy, I've longed and longed for you to come back to the tabernacle." I said, "Sister Ferguson, I'd like to do that." I said, "Well, look, sister. Where I could get maybe fifty souls saved a year in the tabernacle (That'd be a good crop for a year.), I can get a hundred thousand of them saved in some other land," see. When I walk into glory, I don't want to... God saved me. He done saved me, that's settled. But the thing of it is, when I get there, I want to look around and see the stars shining. Amen. I want to see something that makes something. If I would died and I was a great man, a president like Lincoln or something like that. They'd build a big memorials, but one day it wouldn't be. But one soul saved in glory, your name will be wrapped in that as long as there's an eternity going on.

**14** Well, let us pray now. Our heavenly Father, we so humbly come to Thee this morning. God, I'm glad that I woke up about twenty-five years ago, to the fact that happiness does not consist of the things of this world. It consists of the eternal things, what makes us happy in our soul. And how thankful I am this morning, and grateful to You, for Your salvation and Your grace that's permitted me, Lord, to see around a million souls kneel at the altar. Oh, God, some glorious day when I cross over, I hope to see them all shining there, as stars. My brethren here, my sisters, this morning, each one feels the same way. They were a part in that, Lord, by their prayers and supplications, and holding onto God, praying, talking to others and speaking highly of the things of God. And we trust today, God, if there be any in here that's not just where they should be, or not yet accepted Christ as they should have, may this be the day that their one, immortal, eternal decision will be made to serve You. Grant it, Father. May every Christian in here, may their heart burn within them to go out somewhere in the hedges and highways and to bring in lost souls, no matter how humble it is. They might bring in one soul that would bring in a million behind it. We don't know what we're doing. Sometimes these little mothers wonder, Lord. But they never know what they're speaking of when they're talking to a young person, or some old person, or something about their soul. Grant, Lord.

**15** Now, get into the Word. Lord, You are in the Word. And give us faith to make the Word live and act today, in our lives and our beings. For we ask it in His name, and for His glory. Amen.

**16** I'm not sure whether it was Dwight Moody (I believe it was), the shoe cobbler of Boston. One day, a little woman, in the early Methodist days, she wanted to do something for the Lord. So, she was washing and she saved her money to get a dollar and a half, I believe, to have an old preacher to come preach for her. And she had rented a livery stable for a quarter, or something for that night. Cleaned out the stable, and put the little wash bench down for an altar. And just to show you how simple it is to you house wives, now. You say, "Oh, Brother Branham, if I could preach." You don't have to. Your testimony, your influence, your life. And she got some tracts and went out on the corner, advertising the meeting, and passing them out. Every time everybody'd get a hold of it, they'd throw it down. "Holy-roller, fanatic," walk on, see.

**17** A little old boy come by with ragged trousers, his daddy's suspenders up over his shoulders, hair hanging down his face, said, "Lady, what're you giving away?" Said, "A tract, son." She handed it to him like that. He looked at it, said, "I can't read." Said, "Well, it says there'll be a meeting tonight up here." Oh, said, "It will? You mind if I come?" Said, "You must come, honey, if you can." "All right. I will do that." That night after all of her efforts, and weak. The old faithful minister come, got into the pulpit, and prayed, sung a song; him and the lady. She sat out as his audience. After awhile, staggering in the door, was that little ragged-looking kid, with the hair hanging down his face. You know who that was? Dwight Moody. That night he knelt at the altar. Sent a million souls to God. See, you don't know what you're doing. Speak a little word for Jesus, testify, sing, or pray. And like bread upon the water, it will return to you some day. That's right. All right. Just remember, don't fail. Don't fail. Win some souls. Whatever, you do, win souls.

**18** I'm glad to see our people here this morning, none of them in poverty, as I know of. All wearing good clothes, and you're clean, intelligent-looking people. I'm so thankful to God, to know that you're that way. I come here, friends, one time during the depression, when I preached in overalls, and you walked for miles, in here, and across the country, and not enough to eat. I know. That's right. I remember it. God blessed us, and we're grateful to Him, see. But this morning, see, how you look different this morning. I'm thankful for that. But never let that stop you. Remember where it come from; from above. And win a soul, there, that will last forever. Maybe, the biggest part of you probably has a little bank account somewhere. I'm glad for that. And may God just richly bless that. But don't let that stand in your way of winning a soul. That's right. Keep souls first.

**19** Now, I was thinking about maybe... I asked Brother Neville. You have no certain Sunday school lesson, so we just teach from anywhere, somewhere in the Bible. And I thought about teaching this morning, as I was coming down, before I come into the room, about on the book of Revelations. Then I remembered that a radio program is running a series on the book of Revelations. Charles Fuller, I think is running a book. And Brother Fuller is a typologist, himself, and I was afraid we'd kind of get together on that, and you've already heard some of it.

**20** So then, I thought we'd go over to the book of Hebrews, is a good... How many like the book of Hebrews? Oh, it's a great... Let's go over to about the 10th chapter. I think that's a beautiful chapter. I don't know whether I've ever taught on it. Probably have here, part of it. Usually get two or three verses, then that settles it, and we get started off in the Bible. You know, sometime when I come in on a vacation, I'm just so hungry to get one more time where I just settle down at the tabernacle or somewhere here, and just have a series of study. Like we used to take the Bible, just like on a certain book, and just go, just comb it back and forth through the Scriptures like this. It places and establishes our faith. That's what these lessons are for, is to establish our faith. Now, in the 10th chapter of Hebrews. I don't know why ... just sitting in there, I just turned to it. And we want to read from here for a little lesson, and teach it. As we get down here, and find out we've been into it before, then I'll ... We'll turn over to something else, or maybe the Lord will lead us to something else.

**21** Now, don't forget the service is tonight at the tabernacle here. Brother will be speaking to us tonight. And if you got any friends around New Albany down there, Brother Matheny's, we'll speak there a little while tonight. And then, Wednesday night, and Brother Junior Jackson... I heard him "Amen" a while ago, but I've never been able to find him. And he's in the building. And his is Thursday night, and I believe he has Sunday night. Where you at, Junior? I can't place you. Oh, no wonder, you're sitting behind that big fellow back there. Your church is on Sunday night, too, is it, Junior? [Brother Jackson says, "That's right."] Thursday and Sunday? All right. And his services is tonight. And he's out on State street, in New Albany. State and ["Monroe."] Monroe. Brother Ginther, you see it's been a long time since I read meters or fixed any services. I forgot all the streets. But I still love the same Lord Jesus that was with us then, helped me in those days. I was telling a brother while ago, I used to go down there when I would be reading meters, and knock on the door, to read the meter, and pull out my Bible and read a while before the lady got the door, or something like that.

**22** And find a little old empty building. 'Course you can't find them now, where someone that moved out. Go in there, and go back in the shed, and kneel down and pray. That was the making. That was the thing that established it there, looking to Him. Now, the book of Hebrews is the dividing between law and grace. How many knows that we live by grace, and not by law? I believe the writer ... no one knows exactly, but it's so much like Paul, till I like to call it Paul's writing. And he was speaking to the Hebrews. Now, the Gospel had already gone to the Gentiles, because the Jews had turned it down, and they had went to the Gentiles with the Gospel. And now Paul was writing back to the Hebrews, for many of them wanted to come back under the law, keep the law, and still believe in Christ.

**23** And you know that still exists today? There's people today who tries to keep the law of the Old Testament, and still be Christian, when one is very contrary to the other. If you do one part of the law, you have to do it all. "You're a debtor," says the Bible, "to do all the law," if you do part of it. And then if you keep the law, as the sacrifice, and Sabbath, and obligations, and eatings and washings, and so forth, under the law. But we're not under law now, we're under grace. And Paul is trying to show where the law was a shadow. Now, in the beginning, here we see that. For the law, having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never, with those sacrifices which they offered year by year, continually, make the comer-unto perfect. Oh, my, wouldn't that make a sermon right there, see? Now, the law was a shadow of things to come.

```
Galatians 5:3 For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.

Hebrews 10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

```
**24** Let's get over here just a minute. Turn with me back to, I believe it's the 12th chapter of Revelations. Let's get over in that just a moment, and see if we can't get just a little bit of something good right here to start with. Thinking of shadow. Now, let's read again now, you with your Bible. And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman [What does woman represent in the Bible? Church.] a woman clothed with the sun [That was her garment she had on, see] , and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown and twelve stars: And she being with child cried, in travail in birth and pained to be delivered. Notice, a woman appeared in the sky, through the vision of John the revelator, and she was clothed with the sun. And the moon was under her feet, and she had twelve stars in her crown. Now, what does that symbol? Visions are symbols.

```
Revelation 12:1 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:

Revelation 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.

```
**25** Now, the woman is the church, and the church was... The moon was under her feet. In other words, it was still shining. But she was above it, because she had already become in a condition that she was bearing a child. She was travailing in birth. And the moon was passing away, and the sun was shining. Now the moon is... What makes the moon light, is the sun shining on it. It's just a shadow of the sun. And therefore, the moon had lived its day out, and the sun was rising. The woman wasn't clothed with the moon; she was clothed with the sun. It was a gospel church coming into existence. The old orthodox church...

```
Revelation 12:1 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:

Revelation 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.

```
**26** Now, you say, "Well, was that the orthodox?" Yes. Jesus first came to the Jew, and not the Gentile, see. He commissioned His disciples not to go to any Gentile. He said He came to His own, and His own received Him not. Watch. He said as He commissioned them (in the 10th chapter of Saint Matthew), He said, "Go not in the way of the Gentiles, but go rather to the lost sheep of Israel. And as you go, preach, saying, 'The kingdom of heaven is at hand.'" See? "Don't go in the ways of the city of Samaria, or any of the rest of the way, but go first to the lost sheep of Israel." That's the reason the glorious sunlight was shining around the woman, and she, being in pain, travailing to give birth to this child. And she brought forth a man child who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron... And the dragon stood by the woman---which was Rome---to devour the child as soon as it was born. And Rome did persecute the child. They sent forth and killed all the children from two years old, up ... or, two year old, down, rather, that they might kill Christ, and catch Him. And there Herod made this issue. But the woman's child was caught up to God, from the resurrection, was caught up to God, and sits on the right hand of God. Now, that would just cut loose all the man-child doctrine, wouldn't it, see?

```
Matthew 10:5 These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:

Matthew 10:6 But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.

Matthew 10:7 And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.

John 1:11 He came unto his own, and his own received him not.

Revelation 12:4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.

Revelation 12:5 And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.

```
**27** But now, the law (Hebrews 10 again) having a shadow of things to come. And not the very image, but the shadow. Now, the other night I was discussing with a very fine person on the doctrine of the Millennium. I said, "I believe in the Millennium, because there's too many shadows of the Old Testament that speaks that there will be a Millennium. There's got to be; too many shadows." They said, "Will the church go through the tribulation?" I said, "No. The church can't go through the tribulation. It's got to go before the tribulation. Too many shadows." Look, that Noah in the beginning. Noah. All the Old testament, all the law now, was a shadow of good things to come. Now, before the tribulation period struck first...

```
Hebrews 10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

```
**28** Enoch... Noah was a type that was carried over like the sleeping virgin. But Enoch was translated just before the tribulation struck. And Enoch was took up, and was found not, because God took him: the type of the going forth of the church. And Noah watched him. When he seen Enoch go, he knew it was time to enter the ark, for to be carried through the tribulation. The Bible said there was ten virgins went out to meet the bridegroom. And five were wise, five were foolish. And they were all virgins---every one of them. But five was wise and they had oil in their lamp. And they went out to meet the bridegroom. And the bridegroom came. And the ones that had oil, went in. See, the translation; going with the bridegroom. But those who were left behind, they come and wanted in too, just like those who come and knocked on the door of the ark. "Noah, let us in." But God closed the door. No, friend of mine, one of these days, God is going to give you your final call, then the door is going to be closed between mercy and judgment. Don't be left out. Get in now, while you can. Don't pay no attention what the world says. Get into Christ, for those that are in Christ will God bring with Him, see.

```
Genesis 5:24 And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.

Genesis 7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

Matthew 25:1 Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.

Matthew 25:2 And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.

Matthew 25:3 They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:

Matthew 25:4 But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.

1 Thessalonians 4:14 For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.

Hebrews 11:5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

```
**29** Then, this wise virgin went away in the translation. And these others who came and knocked on the door, what happened? What taken place? The Bible said they were cast into outer darkness, where there was weeping, and wailing, and gnashing of teeth. Israel, when the tribulation period hit Egypt, there wasn't one thing ever struck Egypt ... the Israelites, because they were in God's provided place: Goshen. No tribulations at all, see. The rest of them was in the tribulation, but not this one. Now, all those things being shadows, they've got to type something. And then as we see the forecoming of the Lord, we see how people walked in those days, and see how people got heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. That's the way it is today. Men are walking after their own, ungodly lusts. It's become to the thing... (Excuse this expression, my sisters.) But it's come to real moral decency is a thing, almost, of the past, among our people.

```
Matthew 8:12 But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

Matthew 25:11 Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.

Matthew 25:12 But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.

2 Timothy 3:4 Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;

```
**30** Yesterday, in Saint Edward's hospital, I heard a doctor tearing a girl to pieces back there. He got up the steps where I could shake his hand. Everybody in the hospital was listening, looking. It was a girl back there, some of these little ungodly clothes on, little britches like. You know what the Bible says about that? He says it's an abomination in the sight of God for a woman to wear trousers like a man. Right. And there she was. Well, the doctor said... A little crippled fellow. I know him, but I can't think of his name. He said, "Do you mean to tell me that the Sister let you get in this hospital like that?" Said, "Why, you are a disgrace to the hospital. Get out of here." I said, "Boy, I want to shake your hand." Certainly. Said, "How did you ever get by the front? Ain't you ashamed of yourself to come in here dressed like that?" I thought, "Oh, brother." That's right. I admire a man with enough courage to call right "right," and wrong "wrong," regardless of who he is, see.

```
Deuteronomy 22:5 The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.

```
**31** But the thing of decency. Oh, may I... You'll forgive me, won't you? I want to stop here just a minute. Now, I want ... may straighten this up just a little, my dear beloved friend. Don't think that Brother Branham's trying to be rude. I'm not. I'm only trying to tell truth. And what I know that yonder in glory some day, if I'd see your life smutted out, and then I know that I was the cause of it, knowing truth and wouldn't tell it. No, I lay it off of my shoulders unto yours. You make your decision. Women that dress like that has an evil spirit, see. There's only one thing in the Scripture ever did that. That was the devil stripped the people. Look, I don't mean to say you're immoral. I don't mean that, my dear sister. But you're in the trend of the day in such a way until you just simply ... you think it's nice because the others do it. And you don't realize that that's the devil doing that. Sure it is. You're not popular, you're crazy. Excuse the expression. Well, that's right. I mean: you're crazed from the thing ... away from God.

**32** Oh, God's Holy Spirit, not always striving with man, not willing that any should perish, but that all might come to repentance. And God, give us the courage in a day that when preachers... Here's where it started from, is because your pastor at the platform puts up with it. That's right. You ought to be excommunicated. If I had a church, and women did that in the church, immediately would they go off of the church book. Yes sir, right there, you'd straighten up. Right. Correctly. God hold them responsible.

**33** But today I went out to Saint Joseph. I'm constantly on these hospital calls, these emergency. Went out there to see a little baby dying, cancer ... or, kidney condition. Taken out one kidney, only three days old. And how that the poor little fellow. And there I noticed in the Catholic Hospital; so nice, and generous. I go to a Protestant hospital, there was a dying lady and I walked over to put my hands on. The chaplain started, said... And I let him know that I was the same denomination he belonged to. He said, "Ha, Ha, don't ... don't do that. Don't put your hand on her." I said, "The Bible said..." "Ah, get out." Said, "That stuffs no good. We don't want you put your hands on a sick person in here." See how it is? And that's the reason the Catholic church is swallowing them up by the thousands. That's right, because the Protestant hasn't went deep enough in God to have an experience, to know what real, old-time, heart-felt salvation, the power of God is. There's your mediocre class. There's your filled class, waiting for the coming of the Lord. Amen. There you are.

**34** Notice, the law, having a shadow. All these things that we see now are shadow ... was shadows, and now they're becoming positive. Just like a tree, coming up, and it becomes a branch, then it goes off into seed, to produce the same kind of seed that went into the ground. All these things come out of Genesis. And today...

```
Hebrews 10:1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.

```
**35** Now, but these worshippers who came under the shadow, could never be made perfect. Let's dwell on that word there. Offered year after year, continually, make the comer-unto perfect. I want you to... Have you heard many times the people say, "Oh, there's none perfect." That's right. You can't be perfect in the sight of your fellowman. But you've got to be perfect or you'll never go to heaven. Right. The Bible said---Jesus speaking in the beatitudes ... Matthew---said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect." Then you've got to be just as perfect as God is, or you're lost. Now, how you going to do it, see? Now, one little mistake, and you are lost. One little flap of the eye, and you're gone, because nothing can enter into those places but perfect.

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

```
**36** God put Satan up there one time as an angel, which he was: the son of the morning. And he took the good things of God, and perverted them into evil. God is sure that nothing will enter there that will ever do it again, see. Now, you've got to be perfect. Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect." Now, how you going to be when you're continually sinning, when you're continually doing what's wrong? Now, this will kind of put a little kink in the legalist. But notice, it isn't what you do, it's what God has done. It's not what you do, it's what He done, see. You can't be perfect. You can't be, in yourself. But in Christ, you are perfected. You're not trusting in your own good works, or your own church you belong to, but you're trusting in the shed blood of the Lord Jesus. There you are. That's what makes you perfect. There's what anchors your faith.

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

```
**37** Then, on divine healing: the same way. I'm not trusting the way I feel. If I did, I'd be in to bed this morning. But I'm trusting on His finished work. He said it, He promised it, I believe it, see. That's it. "Be ye therefore perfect." Now, oh, may we get just a little bit to one side. Something rode up in my heart. Let me ask you something. We're living in the day of judgment now, not the great judgment, but the calling out of the church. Do you believe it? We're living in the days of the segregation. There's a color segregation trying to rise in the country. That's nonsense. But there is a real segregation time: right from wrong. God separates His people, calls them out. Do you know the very word church means "segregated, called out, separated"? Amen. "Come out from among them," says the Bible. "Be not partakers of their sin, and of their uncleanliness. And I will receive you unto Myself, and you will be sons and daughters unto Me. And I will be God unto you. Come out." It's a separating time. And so much the more as you see this day approaching.

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

2 Corinthians 6:17 Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

2 Corinthians 6:18 And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.

Revelation 18:4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.

```
**38** The church that once tried to walk, they denominated themselves, and now they become in one great big conglomeration of living like the world, see. Just as the Bible said they did in the Old Testament, so did they. Many of them, God called them out, showed them miracles and wonders. And the whole generation perished in the wilderness. After they had seen miracles, after God had performed miracles on them, after they had seen the glory of God. But in their heart, they were unbelievers, murmured at God, complainers. God just said, "Separate yourself, Moses. And He started a new generation to take them over into the promised land.

```
Numbers 16:21 Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.

```
**39** Notice, how many in here this morning are Christians? Would you raise your hands? Just raise your hands up, "I'm Christian." God be praised that you are a Christian. How did you become Christians. Because you said, "I want to become a Christian?" because that you sought God with tears? Because God, by grace, called you. That's right. Not because you sought Him; because He sought you. Now, if you notice, on the Baptist side, or the Presbyterian---the Arminian belief---they all go to seed. They say, "Well if God called me, hallelujah, then I'm all right. I'll do what I want to." That shows you haven't got it, and wasn't called. That's right. If God calls you, you'll love Him so divinely, the things of the world will be dead to you. Right. The young fellow sitting back there, taking recordings now, he asked me coming in, which is one of my brethren, Mr. Mercer. And he takes recordings of the messages, and the meetings, and his partner, Leo, and Gene back there. Leo said to me, coming in this morning, he said, "Brother Branham, which was first: faith produces love, or love produces faith?"

**40** I said, "Love produces faith." Not faith, love. You have to love first, before you can have faith. So if you say you've got faith, and don't divinely love God, you're faith's in vain, see. You've got to love God. Therefore, you could join all the churches in the country, do anything you wanted to, make all the confessions you want to, but if there isn't genuine, real Holy Spirit, borned-again love in your heart for God, your faith's in vain. No matter how much you confess that you believe God, that has nothing to do with it. It's got to be born in the human heart. Then you got eternal life, can never be separated from God. Now, if we had time, seeing there's not many of you with Bibles, but over in the book of the Revelation. Listen now. Put on your thinking cap and open up your heart. I want to say something here, now. I want you to listen close while the Holy Spirit is near.

**41** The Bible said, in Revelation, that the antichrist would come in the last day, and that he would be so rude. And over in Saint Matthew, also 24th chapter, Jesus speaking, said when the antichrist would come, that he'd be so close, like the real work of God, till he would deceive the very elect, if possible. Watch, deceive the very elect. The elect: where does it come from? From the word "elected." He would deceive the very elected, if it was possible, see. But it isn't. Praise God for that! It isn't possible. Like over Hebrews the 6th chapter, He said, "For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have been made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and have tasted the heavenly gift and the power of the world to come, if they would turn and renew themselves unto repentance." It's impossible. Can't be done. That's right.

```
Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

Hebrews 6:4 For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,

Hebrews 6:5 And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,

Hebrews 6:6 If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame.

```
**42** It can be impersonated, it can be pretended. People can act like they're so-and-so, and they can be swayed with every little thing. But a man that's ever born of the Spirit of God, his course is set towards the North Star. Hallelujah! And all hell will never shake him. I don't say he won't make mistakes, I won't say he won't slip and fall. That's right. But as soon as he can get his feet again, his eyes is set on the Star yonder, and he moves on. Sure. Elected. Now the Bible said... And I know that's the Word of the living God. The Bible said this. Listen now, see. "And the beast, and the false prophet, p-r-o-p-h-e-t," singular, and the beast, the power, the trinity of hell, just like the trinity of God. Now watch. And he caused all, both small, great. That's rich or poor, bond or free, male or female, man or a woman, child, or whoever it was. He caused all, both small and great, to receive a mark in their forehead, and are sealed into the kingdom of darkness. Now, there's two seals going on today. And you don't know just what time... Oh, brother, let this go way down deep. You don't know what time that you that's on the borderline today, is going to make your final decision. That's right. You can't totter too long. "My Spirit will not always strive with man." So, you may toddle along for a while, but, "My Spirit will not always strive with men being on the borderline."

```
Genesis 6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.

Revelation 13:15 And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.

Revelation 13:16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:

```
**43** Notice, the mark of the beast is the mark of an apostasy; the devil, the works of the devil. Jesus said, "By their church membership? By their theology? By their seminary experience"? "By their fruit you shall know them." Now, so the fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, goodness, gentleness, patience, meekness. That's the fruit of the Spirit. And the fruit: that's the mark of the Holy Spirit, showing that divine love has anchored in the heart, and the things of the world is dead. Now, the mark of the devil is impersonation; works, not grace. The works shadow things to come. Hypocrisy, going to church, pretending to be a Christian, living like the world, having affairs with the world, going out and acting like the world. And so very close till both sides will be looking exactly, deceive the very elect. Here's a church member, goes to church regular. A very fine person, goes to church; good person, morally good. But yet, right down in the depths of their innermost being, there is never experience of Jesus abiding. Look at Esau and Jacob. Why, Esau was twice as good a guy as Jacob. Sure, he was, but Jacob had one thing. He had recompense to the reward. He seen that birthright, and counted it the greatest thing on earth.

```
Matthew 7:16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

Matthew 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

Matthew 24:24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

Mark 13:22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.

Galatians 5:19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,

Galatians 5:20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,

Galatians 5:21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

Galatians 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

Galatians 5:23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

```
**44** And today, we try to count going to church, hearing Doctor So-and-So, or Brother So-and-So speak, doing things like that, or joining a fine church, with a nice group going on, nice revival. We call that doing something good. That isn't it. God looks on the heart. And the heart of Jacob... He didn't care what anything come or go; there was one solid purpose for him: that's to get that birthright. There's a real believer today. Let the world call you whatever they want to, let them say you're a fanatic if they want to. They called Jesus Beelzebub. "How much more will they call you," He said. "Blessed are ye when men shall persecute you, say all manner of evil against you falsely, for My sake. Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad, because great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets before you." You see it? Now, what is the seal of God, then? Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit." The what? Ephesians 4:30, you that's marking it. "Grieve not the Holy Spirit."

```
Matthew 5:11 Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.

Matthew 5:12 Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.

Matthew 10:25 It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

```
**45** Now, I know some of them says it's this or that, or the other, but no matter. The Bible said, "Let every man's word be a lie, and Mine be true." Some says keeping days is the mark, and some says doing this is the mark, and some says being a witness of this is the mark. But the Bible said, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." How long? Until the day of your redemption. How can it be done? Could God make a mistake? Could He give a man the Holy Ghost, and Him being an infinite knows from the beginning to the end, would give a man the Holy Ghost and promise him eternal life, and then turn around, take it away from him? That would make Him finite, like me and you, subject to mistakes. But thanks be to God, our heavenly Father makes no mistakes. Certainly, He can't make a mistake. From the beginning, He was infinite. And He will be at the end. He can't make mistakes. He's perfect.

```
Romans 3:4 God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.

Ephesians 4:30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.

```
**46** Notice, now I'm going back into the Hebrews again. "Now, be ye therefore perfect." Now, I'm going to skip over now, and go into the Revelation. "And he calls all, both great, old, young, male and female, bond and free, to receive a mark in their forehead and in their hand. And he deceived all, except those whose names were written in the Lamb's book of life." He deceived all, the whole earth: the religious cults, he deceived the pretended Christian, he deceived the church member, he deceived the moral man, he deceived the good man, he deceived the so-called preacher, he deceived the so-called Christian. He deceived all, with his great propaganda, saying, "We're all one big church, and we ought to all unite together, and have the things of the world and church and state uniting, we'll settle all wars forever." Thousands of mothers, millions of them, will say, "That's the thing we want." Watch where it comes from, sister. Watch where the backgrounds of it is. "And he deceived all whose names were not written in the Lamb's book of life."

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

Revelation 13:16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:

Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

```
**47** Now, are you ready? Here it is. It's a double-barrel, and a heavy load. Listen at it. Now, he deceived all whose names were not written in the Lamb's book of life from the time they joined the church? From the time in the revival? Their names were written in the Lamb's book of life when they come into the church? No. "Names were written in the Lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world." Amen. That does it. You get it? That's been looked over for hundreds of years, amongst teachers. But look, the Christian's name was not written in the Lamb's book of life when He came to the altar. The Bible said his name was written in the Lamb's book of life all the way from the foundation of the world. "No man can come to Me except My Father draws Him. And all that comes, I will give him everlasting life, and will raise him up at the last day."

```
John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

```
**48** What we scared about? Listen to me, my weary brother, the Bible said that Jesus was the Lamb of God, slain from the foundation of the world. Notice, oh my, how this burns your heart, how this gives you the hope. Way back before the foundation of the world, when Satan perverted the evil. God being infinite, looked down through the stream of time and saw the end. Foreknowledge. If He don't know all things, you have limited God. You've made Him finite, like you and I. But God is unlimited. God's power, God's knowledge, everything, He's the omnipotent. Way back before the foundation of the world, when Satan done the evil, because Satan had in his mind what he was going to do, and God seen how He could counteract it. Amen. The Bible said, "In the beginning was the Word," Saint John 1, "and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." In the beginning, when time began. It was eternity before that. This is in time we're talking about. Eternity is like a panoramic. It never ends. It's a circle, continually, forever, and forever, and forever. It's an endless wheel that never stops or never has an end.

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**49** But Satan put a break in there, and come down here, and would have spoiled the whole thing, but God seen where there would be a space of time. And being the great infinite One from beginning to beginning, He looked down. And He was, in the beginning, the Word. Now, a word is a thought expressed. God began to think. As He began to see every human being that ever come on earth, and every bird, and every flea, and every fly. Hallelujah! That's it. He's an almighty, eternal, ever-present God. That's the One we serve this morning. Way back in the beginning, and He seen that there was some people who was going to desire to be saved; some people who was going to want to be saved; some people who will be loyal in their heart. They wanted to be saved. Then He's got to make a preparation for their salvation (that's right), or they will never be saved.

**50** And He knows that anything imperfect cannot come into heaven, so He has to make a way of perfection for them. Amen. You see it? Them back there... He said, "I, Myself, will come down into the world and take on human flesh. And I'll pay the penalty that's required here, and I'll take the place. And I'll make them perfect because I'll bring them in Me. And I am perfect." Then when Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as those that are ... God is perfect." Then here was this mangled body that was beaten and bruised for sin. And every sin that the world ever had, or ever would have, was laid upon Him. And He is the body that Jehovah raised up on the last day there ... of the third day after His death. And if we're in that body, we are just as perfect as the body is. Amen. There you are. How do you get in that body? How do you get in it? The Bible said in Romans 8:1, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus, that walk not after the flesh, but the Spirit." They don't care what the world says or what anybody else says, or even what their family says. They walk in the Spirit of God in perfect divine love. You see it? How do you get into it? By joining church, by shaking hands, by water baptism? No sir!

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

Romans 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

```
**51** Look, 12th chapter of First Corinthians said, "By one Spirit we are all baptized into one body, and become members of that body." And then it's not what I've done, what I am, who I was, or nothing about it, it's what God has done for me in Christ. And we are protected with our sacrifice. He makes no mistakes. He wouldn't bring you in, if you wasn't worthy. He knows your heart. That's right. He knows what you are. He knows your motives, He knows what you are. There's traps all along the road. Sure. The devil will cause you to stumble, and you say, "I didn't mean to do that God, You know it." You're still perfect, because there is a perfect blood offered for you every day, and a bleeding sacrifice hanging before the throne of Almighty God. That's right. Now, how did you get in there? God, by foreknowledge. Now, God said that Jesus... Now, put on your caps. Get open your heart. Look. The Bible said Jesus was the Lamb slain from the... Where? Foundation of the world, He was slain. Why? God, the Father, when He looked down and seen how... Jesus never come just to die a haphazard death. He never come say, "Well maybe somebody'll have pity when they see the way I died, everything." God don't run His business like that. God runs His business perfect. Right. He knowed exactly what was going to take place. That's where He could foresay. He knows exactly what He... He's not willing that any should perish. He's not willing. But if He's infinite, He knows who will and who won't. Therefore, you can rest assured: If you have received God, and been filled with the Holy Ghost, you are anchored till your eternal destination. Correctly. See, He foreknows.

```
1 Corinthians 12:13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.

2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.

Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**52** Now watch. The Bible said that Jesus, the Lamb, was slain before the foundation of the world was ever laid. Oh, I know I act funny up here. But I feel glorious. Look! What? Jesus was slain before the world even had the first speck of dirt laid. Jesus was already slain. Why? Because God... Here it is. Get it. God, by foreknowledge, when He was the Word in the beginning, He perceived the thought. Now it's just a thought. Then, when He spoke it, and said, "It shall be," Jesus was slain the very minute God spoke the Word. Then what? Four thousand years later, He come and paid the price that God had already done back here, by His Word. He had to come. All devils in hell couldn't keep Him from coming. God had already spoke it.

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

```
**53** Now, believer, have you got your joy shoes on? Listen to this. If you are a Christian, if you are truly God's child, the Bible said... That's not a old preacher, that's the Bible. It said, "Your name was written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world." Oh, my, the same time that Christ ... that God sent Christ to be slain, He wrote your name with His. Hallelujah! There you are. Your name was written in... He said, "And he deceived all." Great fall. So many were church members, pretended Christians. He deceived all whose names were not written (not in the church book, but) in the Lamb's book of life. When? Before the foundation of the world God wrote your name in the Lamb's book of life by His spoken Word, and sent Christ, the sacrifice to God, to redeem that same group that He had wrote their names in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. [Gap in the audio.]

```
Revelation 13:8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.

Revelation 17:8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.

```
**54** Now, those who He has called, He has justified. He called before the foundation of the world. Those who He called, He has justified. And those who He has justified, He hath already glorified. The same God that, before the foundation of the world called your name and wrote it on the Lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world, has already made a place in glory for you. And when this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting for us in Glory He's fashioned. There you are. That's the Gospel. What are we worried about? What are you going along looking like this? "Well, I just wonder." Lift up your heads! The Bible said, "Lift up the feeble knees and let the hands raise up, that once hung down. Let him that's weak, say 'I'm strong.'" Amen! "For the Gospel is delivered, this good news."

```
2 Corinthians 5:1 For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

Hebrews 12:12 Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;

```
**55** And this morning, the Holy Spirit, through the Word, bringing you the good news, that from before the foundation of the world God wrote your name in the Lamb's book of life. All the devils out of hell can't erase it out of there. God wrote it and spoke it. It's just as sure to happen as God wrote it in there before the foundation of the world. Amen. How glorious our heavenly Father is, in His infinite love and His mercy, to do that for us. "Then be ye therefore perfect, even as your heavenly Father is perfect." How can you be? When it's not my perfection. It's not your perfection. It's His perfection of His Word, that He chose you. You never chose Him. And He brought you into Christ. And you are secured with Jesus Christ, just as perfect as Christ was before God. For you are not standing with your own, you're standing in Him with one thing: I believe God. Amen. Oh, I love Him. Oh, my! On the other side of Eden. Amen. What a wonderful time it will be some day, when you look back down and say, "Why did I fear? Look at the joy I missed."

```
Matthew 5:48 Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

```
**56** Young man, young woman this morning, or you old man or woman, who's never been a Christian, God has continually knocked at your heart. Oh, yes. You might come in at the end of the road, but you'll have no joy. There'll be no stars around you to shine. I don't want to stand like that. I want to hear Him say, "It was well done, my good and faithful servant." I want to show Him my appreciation. My poor little old gray-headed wife. How I love to do something for her that I know she likes, because I love her, and I know she loves me. And if I would do that for my wife, in the human love, what ought I to do to know that God, by grace, before the foundation of the world, seen me, a poor little sinner, staggering, and was going to hell, and couldn't help it, and He foreordained me, and put my name in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world.

**57** Oh, I love Him. There's no way at all to ever tell Him. Amen. No wonder the Bible said, "Eye has not seen, ear has not hear, neither has it entered into the hearts of men." Oh my! How glorious God is! Don't you want to trust Him, if you're weary and tossed about? Shame on you Christians, that call yourselves Christians, and go around to weary. "Well, I don't know. If I go to church..." Oh, you're a poor excuse. Let me tell you. Lift up your heads! Straighten up your chest! Oh, my. Oh, use faith. Faith is the boss. Right. Faith has hairs on its chest. Brother, I mean, it's got big muscles. When it speaks, all the worries drop from one side to the other one. The devil said, "Now you just can't make it. You can't do this. You're ashamed to testify." Faith raises up, and say, "Shut up! I got the glory." Amen. Sure. Faith takes the initiative. That's what we need today for every pilgrim in the land. Straighten up your head. The Bible said, "When I was..." David said, "When I was afraid, I walked ... I trusted Him. When I was afraid, then I trusted Him. Whenever I come to even the fear of death, the shadows." When Paul came down, he said, "Death, where is your sting? Grave, where is your victory?" Brother: Lives of great men all remind us, We can make our lives sublime; With partings leave behind us, Footprints on the sands of time. Some day, sitting yonder on the celestial hills of glory, where the sun will never go down in that day, where the saints are always shouting, those old heroes of faith looking back down those places yonder, and seeing a path made of glory. I want to sit with them, and see that I put my head up in the air, and trusted God, and walked on in the time of storm. Oh, my. Let us pray.

```
Psalm 56:3 What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.

Isaiah 64:4 For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath the eye seen, O God, beside thee, what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him.

1 Corinthians 2:9 But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.

1 Corinthians 15:55 O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?

```
**58** Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee this morning for Jesus. We thank Thee for the perfection of the Gospel, for the perfecting and the eternal sovereignty of God's eternal, spoken Word. And according to His Word, He called us and chose us in Him, before the foundation of the world, and wrote our name before the foundation of the world. When God speaks a word, it's got to happen. It's just got to happen. And You spoke our name, when You spoke His name. You chose us with Him, before the world began. So, there's nothing we can say we could do, Lord.

**59** It's not in mankind. There's nothing we can boast on, or brag on. The only thing, we can say is, "God, thank You for Your grace. Thank you for Your mercy, Lord. We were aliens, but now Thou has perfected us with that perfect sacrifice that we stand in." Oh, God, stand in Him today, as we move on. Thanking You, Father for these things. We ask, if there be one in here today, Lord, that is not in that condition, may they this moment make their one, and eternal, and final decision before You make Your last and final call at their heart. We pray that You will grant it through Christ's name. And while we have our heads down, I wonder if there's such a person here this morning who is really in the sleeping virgins. You've never woke up to the realization that you've got to save souls, you've got to do something, and you want God to remember you as a soul savior. You want to be one who will go out and try to get souls saved. Would you raise your hand? Say, "God, remember me." God bless you. That's good. All right.

**60** Is there such a person here this morning who has never at one time accepted Christ as Saviour, but this morning wants to make that final and eternal decision; as you see the sun setting out yonder, and you know it's just a few days more, and we won't be here any longer. You know that. But you want to come into the kingdom of God, and you want God to receive you. And you believe that He does it. And you'll raise up your hands to that affect this morning, that you believe that Christ now takes you as His child. God bless you. God bless you.

**61** Someone else? You will take Him as your personal Savior this day. You raise your hand and say, "From this day, henceforth, I now will serve God with all my heart. I believe, and I want to be remembered. All my life Something's knocked at my heart, and knocked at my heart, and I've turned it down. And I'm afraid I might turn it down the wrong time now. And so this morning, God, by grace, I move out and raise my hand, saying, 'Be merciful to me, a sinner.'" Would there be another? God bless you. And bless you, little girl. I see your hand, too, honey. All right. Someone else, would you raise your hand, saying, "Remember me"?

**62** Is there a backslider and say, "Oh, Brother Branham, I'm a Christian, but I'm a poor excuse for one. I'm constantly backsliding and doing what's wrong. And I love God. God took me by grace, I know I'm His child, but I've never been active. I've never done the work of the Lord. I just somehow drift along, and in and out, and in and out. But Something just feels ... holding me in my heart. I'm ashamed of my testimony. I'd be ashamed to meet God this morning, and not won a soul or nothing. I want God to bring me back and hug me to His bleeding side, and give me my whipping, what I deserve. And let me be a real Christian from this day henceforth. I'll raise my hand to God. That's what I want you to do, God." God bless you, lady. God Bless you, you, you, you. Now, God sees your heart. And a lot of you raised your hands, I know you. I know your up-and-down life. While... The rest of the Christians are praying. I know your up-and-down condition. I know your backsliding. God knows, and how much better, if I knew them. I see you try to come to the altar and try to make a start, go back; try to make a start, go back. A man just dropped dead, a few days ago, that used to teach Sunday school here. I'm afraid some of his people are here, or I'd call the name. Many of you know who I'm speaking about. That man would come to church, he'd go back, and come to church, he'd go back. He wanted to do right.

**63** He had an experience with God. He was a good man at heart, but he got to fumbling with the world too much. He died a young man. He left the world. Now, I wonder what his reward will be, see. Don't do that, don't do that, friend. Stay in the harness. That man could come back to the earth today, and stand yonder in the city anywhere; the very spot he died on. He'd scream and run towards the tabernacle as hard as he could come. Boy, I'm telling you, there'd be souls saved this next week. He is across the line now. But remember, as long as there is an eternity, as deep as there is a sky, they'll never have another chance to save a soul, never have another chance to live for God. He's made his final decision.

**64** What about yours, this morning? Let's make it right, for God, while we have our head bowed. Give us a little chord, "On the other side of Jordan." On the other (now keep praying) of Jordan, In the sweet fields of Eden, (slowly now, all of us), Where the Tree of Life is blooming, There is rest for you. Jesus breaks every fetter, Jesus breaks every fetter, Jesus (What's holding you back?) every fetter. When He sets you free! I will ever, ever praise Him, I will ever, ever praise Him, I will ever, ever praise Him, For He sets me free! Now, all of us together, slowly. On the other side of Jordan (Just across the river yonder.) In the sweet fields of Eden. Where the Tree of Life is blooming, There is rest for you. Why, Jesus breaks every... The indifferent fetters, the religious fetters, the denominational fetters, the sinful fetters, the unbelief fetter! Jesus, (His presence is near.) ......... every fetter (Just make your decision.) When He sets you free! I will ever, ever praise Him. ........... praise Him.

**65** Someone else let the fetters be broke from around? Don't you want to be free today? What are you just pretending for? Why, you're only miserable to yourself, if you're not free. The Holy Spirit ... all the chunks out of the way, the Spirit of God moving down through your heart. God bless you, sister. On the other side....... Maybe some little old thing holding you. Don't you want to be saved? I hope our names are wrapped together. God bless you, brother. I hope our names are wrapped together yonder in glory, as stars of God, shining forever. Look over and say, "There stands Brother Branham." I'll say, "Over here, brother. Remember down at the tabernacle that morning?" ....... is blooming. There is rest for you! I will ever, ever praise Him (Don't you want to do it? See?) ... will ever, ever praise Him,

**66** Backslider, don't you want to move up to the altar now? That little old something standing in your way, Jesus breaks that fetter. Come on. When He sets you free. Down at the cross where my Savior died, Down there for cleansing from sin I cried; Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied; Glory to His name! Oh, glory to His precious name! Oh, glo............... Sinner friend, here at the altar, backslider, tell Him about it now. What was it? There to my heart was the... You're kneeling there alone, with God now looking at you. Not even a sparrow could fall without Him knowing it. Oh, come to this fountain so rich, sweet, mellow. (If you've never received the Holy Spirit, come, He's here.) at the Savior's feet; Oh, plunge in today and be made complete; Oh, glory to His name!

**67** While with your heads bowed. Did you ever notice, people who receive Christ? Watch what kind of a place they were in; how they got it. You see them act the same way. Certainly. If it's heresy and worked up and emotional, the child will be raised up like that. That's the way it will go. If it's cold, formal, and indifferent, that's usually the way they are. They receive that type of spirit, because that's what's there working them. Take me to the cross. Take me to a place where there is a spirit moving that mellows my heart. "Though I speak with tongues of men and angels, though I give all my goods to feed the poor, my body to be burned as a sacrifice, have knowledge to know all mysteries, and all these things; it will all fail. But when that which is perfect has come, which is love, it endureth forever." Love worketh faith.

```
1 Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.

1 Corinthians 13:3 And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.

1 Corinthians 13:10 But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.

```
**68** Won't you come now while this lovely, humble, sweet feeling of the Holy Spirit moving here at the altar now? Just kneel down, say, "God, be merciful to me. I want You to give me now, in my heart, this Spirit that's in the church. I now kneel, and I ask, and by faith I believe that you will grant it to me." You will walk away from here, one of the most humble, sweetest spirits. It will all be over then. I am so wondrously saved from sin; Jesus so sweetly abides within; Oh, there at the cross where He took me in; Glory to His name! Glor... While we are singing this, I wonder if there is any Christians who would like to consecrate their lives with these here at the altar, who's come for the Holy Spirit and for salvation. Would you like to kneel up here with us, pray with us for a few minutes?

**69** Anything that you have need of, no matter what it is: If it's sickness, you have need of healing; if it's a trouble, and you have need of relief; if you're wearied and bothered, need of peace, come now, won't you? Oh, come to this fountain so rich and sweet; Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet; (So glad to see so many coming this morning.) in today and be made complete; Glory to His name! You see, it's a work of the Holy Spirit. He does this. Not emotional. Solid, deep; not fanatically. It's not formal. It's love that draws, constrains us. There to my heart was the blood applied; Oh, glory to His name.

**70** Wonderful. Everyone just bowing now. Don't you love this? I don't know how you feel, but I just feel like in my heart, you just feel tear drops on the inside of you, coming down. God's Holy Spirit just moving. He's doing the work. Brother, give me a church like that, that's really broke up, go down to the Potter's house to be remolded. Jesus, keep me near the cross, There's a precious fountain, Free to all ... (Let the audience help sing that now while the penitent ones are at the altar asking.) Flows from Calvary's fountain. In the cross, in the cross, Oh, be my glory ever; Till my raptured soul shall find Rest beyond the river.

**71** O God, our Father, we come to Thee today, humbly, broken up; the Holy Spirit coming into the Word. Christians are so great, and so grateful to Thee, that they have accepted You, and been borned again. Thou has ordained this from the foundation of the world. You have declared it. You said, "I have many things to tell you, that I cannot tell you now, but when He, the Holy Spirit has come, He will reveal these things to you, and will teach you and guide you." We're so thankful this morning for the Holy Spirit that reveals the Word of God. You said, "And He will bring these things to your memory, which I have said unto you, and He will show you things to come." We're so glad that He is with us today. And through the teaching of the Word, and the working of the Holy Spirit has caused Christians to be awakened, caused sinners to come to Thee, backsliders to reconsecrate themselves. Father, they are on the altar.

```
John 14:26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.

John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

```
**72** Cause the sick and the weary, who's been afflicted, to come and bow their heads, to accept healing for their body, knowing that Thy spoken Word is truth. Everything else will fail, but Thy Word can never fail. Truth! "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." And we come to accept this morning what You have provided for us in Your vicarious suffering, and the atonement at Your death that You made for us. And we freely, Lord Jesus, receive it. We believe the Word of God, we believe that You promised, "He that will come to Me, I will in nowise cast out." O God, what a promise! No matter what it's for, Thou has said, "When you pray, believe that you receive what you ask for, you shall receive it." Now, Father, if we truly believe it, it's settled. We believe it. It is done. Then we act upon our confession that You have did it for us.

```
Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.

John 6:37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.

John 8:32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.

```
**73** Not that we are worthy; we are unworthy. But through Your unmerited grace that we have through Thee, we believe that the work is finished. And as these penitent ones, and ones who are coming this morning, consecrating themselves, and to those who are coming for the benefits of the suffering... As David said, "Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His benefits, who forgiveth all of mine iniquity, my backsliding, and who healeth all of our diseases." That's the benefits of the believer, and we receive it through faith this morning, by coming upon the Word of God, which was spoken before the foundation of the world. If it was impossible for it not to happen, so is it impossible for us not to get what we ask for if we ask for it with faith, believing. And that lays within our hearts, Lord, to receive what we have asked for. Jesus, keep us near the cross. When the enemy comes in like a flood, Lord, raise up a standard against him.

```
Psalm 103:2 Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

Psalm 103:3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

Isaiah 59:19 So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.

```
**74** Bless this little waiting congregation. God, may Your Holy Spirit take these ones who've consecrated their lives, these men and women who knelt at the altar. Those sinners who come and bowed their heads, take them into Thy kingdom. Lord, I realize it's their own personal faith. The minute they believed You, that's the minute You received them, for You said, "No man could come unless My Father draws him. And all that comes, I will give him everlasting life, and will raise him up at the last day." That's Your Word, Lord. We believe it. And it's done. The work is finished and we thank You for it. We thank You for the healing of every body, for every weary soul, for everything that's here. Those who had feeble hands hanging down, those who's been fearful, those who's wondered. David said, "When I was ... feared, got scared, then I trusted in You and walked on." God, let us stick up our head this morning, not cowards, but Christians who believe in Jesus Christ. May we walk on with our testimony shining. May, through the healing of our bodies, through the testimony of our salvation, may we win others to Thee. Grant it, Father, as all on the altar we've laid. Grant it for Your glory, as we believe You, and wait on You, Lord. Here we're just bathing in Your beauty, just bathing in Your promise, feeling that glorious Holy Spirit wooing us to Thee.

```
Psalm 56:3 What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.

John 6:40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.

John 6:44 No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.

```
**75** How we love You, how we praise you, how I worship You, Lord. Myself, here behind this sacred desk, with my hands up to Thee, I worship Thee, my God. I worship Thee. You are my healer, my Savior, my King, my provider, my Father, my Brother. My all-in-all rests in Thee. You are my strength. I publicly... David said, "I will praise Thee in the congregation of the saints." And I give Thee praise before the sanctified ones this morning. I praise Thee for healing me. I praise You for my life. I praise You for my health. I praise you for the goodness You've showed to me. I praise You for my friends. I praise You for everything, Lord. You're wonderful, joy unspeakable and full of glory. How I praise Thee!

```
Psalm 22:22 I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee.

```
**76** How I can recommend Thee to the weary! How I can recommend Thee to the sinner, as a Savior! How I can recommend Thee to the sick, as a healer! How I can recommend Thee to the wanderer, as a King! Oh, how I love Thee this morning! How I can recommend You, Lord, to those who are down-trodden, to be the joyful, joy in the camp! How we thank Thee! Oh, You're a Rock in a weary land, the Shelter in the time of storm; the Alpha, Omega, beginning and the end; the Rose of Sharon; the Lily of the Valley; the Morning Star. Oh, how we love You! How we adore You, and praise You, the matchless eternal One! We give Thee praise. Oh, we will praise Thee, and give Thee praise through all ages. Receive us, Lord, as we offer these blessings, the fruits of our lips. You said, "We are a peculiar people, a royal priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips giving praise to His name!" How we praise Him! How we adore Him for ever and ever! Oh, receive the very adorations of our heart, express our lips, Lord, that from the depths of a pure heart, we praise Thee, knowing that it's not what we could do. It's not our life; it's His life. It's not our salvation; it's His salvation. It's not our heaven; it's His heaven. Oh! We're not our own works; we are His works. Not our grace; it's His grace. Not our glory; but His glory. Not our power; but His power. Oh, how we love You. Not our church; but His church. How we praise Thee, Lord. Bless our hearts, Lord. Bless our hearts. Receive us.

```
Hebrews 13:15 By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.

1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:

```
**77** O God, send the little Branham tabernacle an out-pouring of the Spirit. Will You, Lord? Oh, we are needy, here on the corner. God, send down the showers of blessing, pour out the rain of God, the former and latter. Baptize our pastor anew, Lord. Set him afire with the Gospel. We love him today, Lord. He's Your servant. We pray that You will anoint his heart. Anoint the hearts of the other preachers in the building this morning, and every member. May we go out of here, Lord. And don't forget Your poor unworthy servant, myself, Lord, that You will anoint me afresh with the Holy Ghost. Grant it Lord. Give us these blessings. We humbly waiting at the altar, knowing that we receive it, bathing ourselves in Your Holy Spirit. And not ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the power of God unto salvation. How we thank Thee, for it.

**78** Some glorious day we hope to see You Lord, lay our hands upon the feet of the One who stands with us today, who we cannot see, but we know that He's here. How we pray Thee! ...... down out in that city The sun, it will never go down; The flowers are blooming forever, And the sun, it will never go down. I feel like traveling on, I do, I feel like traveling on; The flowers are blooming forever, And the sun, it will never go down. How many feels that way? Raise up your hands. I feel like shouting sometimes, I do, I feel like shouting, I do; The flowers are blooming forever, And the sun, it will never go down. I feel like traveling on, I do, I feel like traveling on; The flowers............

**79** Dear heavenly Father, as we pass down the altar, laying hands on those maybe, who are waiting for [unclear words] Maybe the Holy Spirit [unclear words] the right way. But we pray, heavenly Father, that You will grant the blessings just now. Oh, eternal God, have mercy on our sister. Dear heavenly Father, this dear woman here, walked up here by faith. Many days has she been here. These gray hairs and wrinkled hands, what a lot of long hard work they have [unclear words] . No doubt but what these hands have come down the pages of her life, lifted up to Thee, no doubt but through this heart. And this morning as she hobbled into the church, with her crutches under her arm. But now, by faith she lays it down, to walk away. Heal her now. She's come for a blessing from God. I pray that You'll bless her, and may she never [unclear words] for the rest of her days. Give her strength in her body. Let her win souls to You, Lord, and the kingdom of God. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go, and you won't have to use that old crutches, I don't believe, anymore. You're all right now. I believe you're going home without them. Amen. When you go out of the building, you stick it on your shoulder, and walk on out, it will all be over.

**80** Father God, we pray that You will bless this woman with cancer today. Make her completely whole. Grant it, Father. We lay hands upon her, and believe that [unclear words] . Father God, lay hands upon Sister Slaughter, ask for her complete healing. Dear God, we lay hands upon our ... [Gap in the audio.]

**81** Don't know how you feel. I'll sing the verse: you sing the chorus with me. The first one to die for this Holy Ghost plan, Was John the Baptist, he died like a man; Then came the Lord Jesus, they crucified Him, He preached that the Spirit would save men from sin. Keeps dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel (I love it!) it's dripping with blood, The blood of disci... (Let the world say what they want to.) who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel keeps dripping with blood. Then they stoned Stephen, he preached against sin, He made them so angry, they dashed his head in; But he died in the Spirit, he gave up the ghost, And went to join the others, that life-giving host. Kept dripping with blood, yes........... This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. There's Peter and Paul, and John the divine, They gave up their lives so this Gospel could shine; They mingled their blood with the prophets of old, So the true Word of God could honest be told. Keeps dripping with blood, yes, dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel, it's dripping with blood. Souls under the altar, crying, "How long?" For the Lord to punish those who've done wrong, (Listen!) But there's going to be more who'll give their life's blood, For this Holy Ghost Gospel, and its crimson flood. Oh, it keeps dripping with blood, yes, it's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping...

**82** How many is glad this morning that you've received the Holy Spirit? Raise up your hand. Isn't it wonderful? Sure. It's dripping with (Shake hands with your friend standing next to you) ... it's dripping with blood. (Say, "Praise the Lord," brother, for all...) ......... Gospel is dripping with blood, Oh, the blood of disciples who died for the truth, This...... (God bless you, brother! God bless you!) It's dripping with blood. Oh, it's dripping with blood, (That's it, raise up your hands) It's dripping with blood, This Holy Ghost Gospel............ ..... disciples who died for the truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. It's dripping with blood............... Hallelujah! [Brother Branham steps away from microphone.]

**83** It's dripping with blood. (Everybody sing it.) The blood of disciples............... God bless you, sister. [A woman speaks to Brother Branham.] Yes. Wonderful. So happy to hear that. God bless you. A lady was just prayed for, and she's been walking now for three years, glorifying God. Now let's sing this good old song. How many like this? "Faith in the Father, faith in the Son, faith in the Holy Ghost, three in the one." All right, sister, give us... Faith............... the Son. Faith in the Holy Ghost, three in the one; Oh, demons will tremble and sinners awake, Faith in Jehovah will anything shake.

**84** How many loves a good, happy crowd like this? Why, God bless you, sister. Let's all sing now, everybody, to the top of our voice. God bless you, sister. Thank you, sister. God bless you. Amen. God bless you, sister. [Some people come up to greet Brother Branham.] Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you, my dear sister. God bless you, sister. [Gap in the audio.] ... to sing it now. "God be with you till we meet..." God bless you, Sister Slaughter. I'm glad to see you up here. [Sister a gives testimony.] All of us who this is a shouting, it's Sister Kelly. Did you know that she was to... The devil tried to kill her out here an automobile accident, and had her out there at the hospital, all cut up, and said she'd never walk and everything. But God's grace. She was the one who... Sound like a salvation army up here this morning. Let's praise the Lord with her, everybody. I know you are all glad to see your sister. Yeah, come down here and shake hands with her, right here at the altar. You all do, everybody. Glad to see you. Well, praise the Lord! Till we meet, till we meet, God be with you till we meet again. (Brother Neville.) Till we meet, till we meet, Till we meet at Jesus' feet. Till we meet! Till we meet, till we meet, God............... Let's stop and bow our heads just a minute, will you, while Brother dismisses us. Bow your heads just a minute, in prayer. Brother Neville, if you will.
