---
Date: 1963-01-18
Title: Spirit of Truth
DayOfTheWeek: Friday
Location: the Church Of All Nations in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 48 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Spirit of Truth



**1** Let us remain standing just a moment now, while we pray. Let's bow our heads. Our righteous heavenly Father, as we are approaching Thee now in that all-sufficient name of the Lord Jesus, we want to give Thee praise for what Thou has done for us, what our eyes have seen, and our ears have heard in this last days of the closing scenes of this world's history. When time is fading into eternity, and we see the lights shining, we know it's not long now until the coming of the Lord Jesus.

**2** We would ask Thee, heavenly Father, to remember us tonight. And if there be any evil in us take it out, Lord, tonight, that we might be presentable to Thee if You should come tonight. We pray for the sick and the needy. We pray for thy church, both here and abroad around the world, thy children everywhere of every nation, that we may wash our robes in the blood of the Lamb, and listening for that call, "Behold the bridegroom cometh. Go ye out to meet Him." May we be able at that time, Lord, by the grace of God, and by the merits of Jesus who we trust in, to trim our lamps and go forward then to meet the bridegroom. Take the Word of the Lord tonight, and circumcise our hearts. Take all unbelief out. Give us a great service. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. May be seated.

```
Matthew 25:6 And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.

```
**3** It's certainly nice to be back here in the ... this sanctuary of the Lord, tonight, in the service. We had a most glorious time last evening up at the ... Brother Groomer. And I remember last year we had a glorious time. We've had a great time everywhere. The Lord has just blessed us exceedingly, abundantly, more than I ever thought He would do. But He's just so full of mercy and kindness that it's just good to know Him, isn't it? And to think, to know Him is life. To know Him is life.

**4** Now, tomorrow night we're going to be down to Central Avenue Assembly, I believe it's called---Brother Fuller, another fine brother. And I think it's a big church down there. And we're hoping maybe that we can have a prayer line, if it's all right with Brother Fuller. So we ... and then the next morning we're to be at the ... I believe it's called the Apostolic Church here in Phoenix. And I don't remember just who the pastor, that brother, was. And ... was I there last year? [Brother answers "No."]

**5** And then Sunday night at our precious Brother Outlaw's church up here, the Jesus' Name Church. And I'm with great anticipation, and my family, to get in there and hear some of that good singing. Billy Paul ought to know it every bit by heart. We've played that song "I'm Going Up, Up," until, honest, the thing is wore out on the tape. He'll start in the office, and whatever of the day when I go there, no matter, he's playing that "Up, up, up." We've played it out, and the record's pretty near worn out.

**6** You know, I kind of had a feeling tonight that I'm a little hoarse. I thought, "My, if I could just see somebody who would speak for me," and happened to look over here and see Jack Moore. Just exactly right. I never... I believe that would just be wonderful, Brother Jack. [Brother comments.] Now listen at that. And I believe I see Brother Roy Borders sitting out here, too. Yes, sir. Brother Noel Jones sitting over here. Oh, my. We're just all around everywhere. I think it'd be a good time maybe if I'd rest a little bit, you know, and have some of these fine men to get up here and speak for me when I'm hoarse, you know. Brother Jack said, "The Lord's not in that revelation." Well, I was tired when I come, and I've been a little tired all along. And I see the people standing there. I know how they have to stand, and I'm kind of glad I stand with them. Now, the Lord bless you.

**7** And we are looking forward, now, to these other meetings coming up. And then, next week it's down to the Pentecostal Assemblies, and on up. And we wind up next Wednesday night at 11th and Garfield (I can't just remember them all in mind) at the, I believe, the First Assembly of God in the city. And then the convention starts at the Ramada. And now, there is a banquet for the Businessmen down at the main city of Arizona---Tucson. And 'course, we all know that Phoenix, and these places, are just outskirts of that city. That's right. That's the main place. That's my hometown, you know, so ... and so ... up on the hill. And then, this is just kind of the outskirts of it. Well, nice to have you all as neighbors, so...

**8** I believe it was Brother Rasmussen, one night, said something like that in a meeting, and (oh, my!) like to tore the meeting up. I believe we was at Houston, and it was Ramsire (that's who it was), he said... The night the angel of the Lord came down they took the picture, and he said, "All you people around here from Dallas," said, "we know that's the outskirts of Houston." And, oh, my! Texas couldn't take it like here, as some of you could. So there was a big hush over the meeting. Well, He is mighty good. And now I think we'll turn in the Scripture here, and just give a little testimony for awhile. Wouldn't that kind of change it? I've just beaten it around so hard that I'm getting ashamed to look at you. And maybe give you a little bit of rest, and give some testimony of the goodness of our Lord.

**9** Let's find a place in St. John, the 16th chapter of St. John. And I got ... 16:12. I would like to read from that place in the gospel of St. John. I like to read the Word because the Word is what makes us know that it's truth. Beginning with the 12th verse, and listen close now because I want to give testimony. And then we'll try to get in just a little early. I've been keeping you so late. And tomorrow night, why, we'll stay a half-hour extra. That'll make it about one o'clock, won't it? So ... this is beginning with the 12th verse: I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come. He shall not glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you. All things ... the Father has are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.

```
John 16:12 I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.

John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

John 16:14 He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.

```
**10** You know, last evening especially we had a little sample of that. Now, we being a full gospel people, believing in all of the operations of the Holy Spirit... And now, that's the only way we can be full gospel, is to believe the full gospel, all the Lord has written. And I believe that we are, ourselves, are nothing. We are just like ... as I said to Brother Carl yesterday looking at a tree, I said, "Isn't that a beautiful palm tree? But after all there's nothing to it but a bunch of volcanic ash. That's all it is." And I said, "How different it is, now, from that eucalyptus tree. Well, what's a eucalyptus tree? Volcanic ash, with just the life in it." And I said, "After all, what am I? What are you? Volcanic ash. It's exactly---from the earth, dust of the earth, with the life in it."

**11** But each life has been planted by the master life-giver, and He knows just how and what to do. And everything that He has placed here on earth is for His glory. The stars are for His glory, the winds are for His glory, the flowers are for His glory, and we are the crowning of His glory. But it seems like that everything will obey Him but man. Man just seems the... He has such a time, because that he was the only thing that fell. Everything else stayed in its original condition. But man fell. Therefore, God has a battle with him to get him to do what is right, and to obey Him.

**12** And one of the great problems for God down through the years, as the history of the church goes, is to find somebody that He can completely get in His control. He only needs one man. He's always used one man at a time. We studied that last few nights---one man, not a group. He just wants one. That's all He needs, because two men would have two different ideas. He just makes one man---represents Himself through that one person. Never did He do it otherwise than that, see. Now, He's got one person today, and that person is the one we just read after---the Holy Spirit. He is the person that God has sent forth, the Spirit of Jesus Christ into the earth---the Spirit of God---to manifest and declare Christ through His church, see, just to continue the life of Christ through the church.

```
John 14:26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.

```
**13** Now it's such a marvelous thing, and yet it's so simple, if we would just stop and think. We press, we quiver, we fear, we get in flusterations and doubts just thinking. "Well, must I press in?" It isn't that. It's just yielding, see, realizing that you're nothing, and just let Him completely take you over---take over your thinking, take over... Now I don't mean to walk up to Christ with just a blank mind. I don't mean that. You come to Him in your right mind, and in a penitent mind, and humble. And then say, "Lord Jesus, here am I. Now it's written here in your Word that you had many things yet to say to the disciples. You said they could not bear them now, and perhaps that's our case today. We cannot understand them."

```
John 16:12 I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.

```
**14** God can raise up just a little something different, and altogether we denounce it. Instead of searching the Scripture to see if it's right or not, we just quickly throw it away: there's nothing to it. We ought to search out these things, find out whether they're right or not. And remember, if they're not right they'll finally die. For Jesus said, "Every plant that my heavenly Father has not planted will be rooted up." But I think it was Gamaliel that made that great statement, that time, "If it be of God, we don't want to be found fighting against it. And if it's not of God it'll come to naught anyhow. So study it, and think of it."

```
Matthew 15:13 But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up.

John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

Acts 5:39 But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.

```
**15** And now, He said in here, "But when He, the Holy Ghost, is come..." Now someone said, some time ago it's been, speaking, said, "The Holy Ghost is actually your mental mind---you think." That would put the Holy Spirit a thought. But the Bible said, "When He [and He is a personal pronoun, see] , when He, the person---Holy Ghost, God---comes, He will reveal these things to you that I've told you." Then, you see, there's no other way of knowing what is truth, only by... You cannot get it by culture, by seminary experiences; you'll only get it by the Holy Spirit. He's the one that's been sent to reveal it. Now ... then He also said, "And He will show you things to come."

```
John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

```
**16** Now, Hebrews, the 1st chapter said, "God in sundry times and divers manners spake to the fathers through the prophets; but in this last day by His Son, Christ Jesus," see. It's the Holy Spirit taking over possession, or taking possession of the church, to operate Christ in the church. Then you become as He was. He become as you was, so you could become as He was, see. He become you, that you might become Him. It's above understanding. There's no way to explain it, and don't try. Just accept it. He spoke it, and that settles it. Just say it's right. Believe it.

```
Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

```
**17** Now, as a young Christian I've always made this statement: I was glad God got ahold of me before the church did. Hard to tell what I'd have been. But I was thankful of the leadership, and the direct contact that the Holy Spirit impressed my life with before I ever surrendered it. For as a little lad I knew there was something. He'd talked, and I'd talk to Him, and He'd talk back to me. And I began to notice that the things that He told me as a little lad, that they begin to happening just exactly the way He said they'd do. So I knowed it had to be true.

**18** Now I'm an old man now, and I have never one time... And I can call the world to a standstill, and ask them, "Put your finger on one thing that He ever told me as 'thus saith the Lord,' in the name of the Lord, but what was absolutely the truth and fact, and come to pass," out of the thousands times thousands of things. What does ... what am I saying that for? See, I've put us all as volcanic dust. But it's the promise of God's Word. Therefore, I cannot have confidence in myself, you cannot have confidence in yourself, but together we can have confidence in what's taken over ourselves. The Holy Spirit has taken us over. We must have confidence in that. And as we place our confidence in that, then the results come.

**19** It would be out of reason for me to try to even scratch the surface of telling you some of the things that the Holy Spirit has done in my own broken-up life, my days. I say this with His Bible open, His Word. And that's what He is. He is the Word. See, this seed here comes into the volcanic ash in a way of a spiritual being. God comes in as spirit, and operates through the ash. So it's not man; God. And if I should sit down, and take time to write out the things that I have seen Him do, it would make a volume of books. And to think of it, here fifty-three years old, and can say before God, His church, and the Bible, in the presence of this group, that I have not one time ever seen it fail---perfectly on the mark every time.

**20** Exception of the other day: when I come westward. You've played the tape many of you, I guess, and you understand. I don't know what... I'm waiting. I'm here now, I don't know why. I'm just waiting. It may be my going-home time. It looks very much that way. If it is, there will rise somebody after me that will take the message on. He'll be an odd person, but he'll rise after this and take the message on. And you listen to it. As long as it's Scripture, stay with it. If it isn't, there's coming another portion, now, for I do believe that we're living in the last days. And I am thankful that I have lived in this day. I wouldn't trade this day for no day. This is the most glorious day that's ever been on the earth. There's no other day that's ever taken this day. Oh, what would Moses, Elijah, Paul, Silas...! Those great heroes of faith in the days gone by could rise up and pick up a history book, and look exactly what they had prophesied about come to pass, and see where we're at now. Why, they'd have them in jail in an hour. Certainly. They'd be like wild men, up and down the streets just as hard as they could go, blasting the gospel. "The time is at hand!" Then we see tonight that we fall very short of the glory of God.

**21** But I would like to rehearse, just an instant, to kind of get the church... By the way, did Billy Paul give out prayer cards in this church tonight? I just come from Tucson a few minutes ago. He gave out cards? That's going to be an awful way of trying to bring them by. We'll try. Now, I won't take too long, just giving testimony upon this Scripture: that Christ keeps all His words. He has to. He has to do it. See, I don't have to do it. I'm a mortal, subject to mistakes. He's immortal, infallible. He has to keep His, see; but I don't have to keep mine, you don't have to keep yours. But He does. Oh, doesn't that place something in you, to know that He's absolutely bound to that Word?

**22** And at... This week, how we have come through the Bible with those prophets and patriarchs, and each time showed that when the church got away from that, God sent someone right down, and shook them right back to that Word again, lining up the church. Always been. That's God's policy. He chose man to do so. Now, if He'd chose the stars to preach the gospel, it would've been done a long time ago. They'd never've got out of His will. If He'd chose the sun to preach it, or the winds to preach it, they'd never've got out of His will. See, but we're on the basis of free moral agency. We can act the way we want to. And that's the reason that we've been such a heartache to Him---always this way, and wanting to inject our own ways, and get away from His ways, see. And as I've said before, man is constantly praising God for what He has done; and He's always saying what He will do; and then at the same time ignoring what He's doing, see.

**23** A man will say, "Oh, God opened up the Red Sea. Yes. Glory to God, that's right." "Yes, Jesus is coming again, Hallelujah! That's right." But talk about Him today, "Aw, that was for another day," see. Always what He has done, what He will do, and ignore what He's doing. That's the same conditions that Jesus Christ found when He come to the earth, exactly. God had promised what He had did, and here He was standing before them and they didn't know Him. "He was in the world, and the world was made by Him, and the world knew Him not. [That's right.] ... But as many as did receive Him, to them gave He the power to become sons of God." That's the glorious part.

```
John 1:10 He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

John 1:12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

```
**24** It was some time ago, a little vision I would like to speak to you about. And, I don't know, I maybe never said it but just to an individual somewhere. But I'd just lost one of the greatest persons on this earth to me---my mother. And I loved my mother. How I'd see her get away from the table when we were so poor, had nothing to eat, and she'd... Papa'd bring in some bread, where he'd sweep out a store or something, and they'd pour the coffee over it, and then put sugar on top of that. And mother would act like she wasn't hungry, so that us kids could have something to eat. Oh, I can never forget that---the many times that she'd pick me up, and the things she did for me. But you know, God is just so full of mercy. He understands all those things, when He has to take them. And I love Him for it.

**25** It's always been that before any of my people die, I see it before it happens, in the vision. I seen my brother when I was only about eighteen, nineteen years old. I seen him before he left. I wasn't even a Christian, but I saw the vision come before me---seen my brother go. I seen my father when he went. Howard---many of you remembers Howard. Howard ... you remember me, two years before it happened, I said, "Howard, I seen your place marked. You're next." I said, "Get right, brother, because you're going to go next." And he did, just exactly. And then, here some time ago...

**26** Now I hope this don't sound sacrilegious, but just to show the concern of God. God's always concerned in little things, the same as big things. Now I want to say this for the benefit of some of these fine preachers, that maybe (and I throw myself in it)... Now, we'd every one like to be a Billy Graham, but we ... and we'd every one like to be an Oral Roberts. But we're not a Billy Graham, or an Oral Roberts. We are God's servant in the field that he has placed us in, see. No matter how little it is, or how great, it's just the same in the sight of God, always the same---to act right in the place where you're at. Always it's a great thing to follow the Lord.

**27** I would rather win ... or go and have a church with fifty people in it in the will of God, than to go have five thousand out of the will of God. Sure. God can do more with a man in His will in one hour than He could with a man out of His will in fifty years, see. He's stumbling, and staggering, like shooting in the dark. But when a man is really in the will of God, and knows his calling, he should abide there. And now, the visions, and how the Lord God works with them.

```
John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

2 Peter 1:21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.

```
**28** "When He, the Holy Ghost is come He will reveal these things that I've talked to you about." Now, there's no need of trying to figure it out any other way. He is the author. He surely ought to know what He wrote, see. The Bible said He wrote it. Even men of old moved by the Holy Ghost wrote the Word. And if the Holy Ghost is the author of the Word, surely He knows how to interpret it better than we do. Let Him do the interpreting of it. And you know how ... the way He interprets it? Now don't miss these things if you're coming to a healing service. Look, don't miss this. How does He interpret it? By this: by vindicating it, see, making it so.

```
John 5:39 Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.

John 10:32 Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?

John 10:37 If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.

```
**29** That's what Jesus said. "Search the scriptures. In them you think you have eternal life; and they are the ones that says who I am. They're the ones that speak of me. And who can condemn me, who can accuse me of sin? [Sin's unbelief.] If I don't do the works that was written of me, then don't believe me. But if I do the works, and you can't believe me, then believe the works because the Word spoke of it," see. That's just common everyday sense. Now, God's gifts and callings are without repentance. We know the Bible says that. They do it.

```
Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

```
**30** It's been about, almost two years now. I was ... one morning I was walking in the house, and had sat down in a chair. Now, this seems very strange that God would include an animal. Like some precious brother on that vision of heaven, and that little carrying-up I had---I believe I told you about it once in some meeting. He wrote me a letter the other day and said (Businessmen's Voice packed it), said, "It was ... your vision was all right, Brother Branham, your translation. But listen, it was all right until you said your horse, that you once rode, come put his head on your shoulder." He said, "There is no horses in heaven, Brother Branham. Heaven is made for human beings, not horses." "Well," I thought, "well, usually you see anyone like that, you have to explain everything, they're just trying to pick something, see. You can't explain God anyhow; you got to just to believe Him. But it might comfort him." I said, "Brother, I never said I was in heaven. In the vision I asked for Jesus, and they said He's still beyond here. I was in a state like paradise. But that it might help you, the Bible said in the book of Revelation, that Jesus came from the heavens of heavens, riding on a white horse and all the host of heaven was following Him upon white horses. So there must be some up there in the heavens of heavens."

```
Revelation 19:11 And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.

Revelation 19:14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.

```
**31** God's interested in everything. He's interested in little things you do, or the big things you do. He's interested in how you take care of your little flock, or you other fellows take care of your big flock. He's interested. Some time ago a famous, fine brother of mine ... we were down at ... fishing at a place. I was ... come in off the meetings and resting. We'd been fishing with snails, and we'd caught a nice mess of fish. And that night we was running our trout lines, and we run out of bait. And late in the afternoon I went out to catch some little bluegills---little bitty fellows, see. The big ones you could eat them, but this is just small bait fish. Now, I flicked the line in---fly line---was catching them, putting them in a bucket, and something struck me sitting upon this boat. This boy had been a Jehovah Witness, and his brother had just got saved and filled with the Holy Ghost. And so, the two boys was with us. And, as I was catching these fish, all of us, something struck me. And I said, "You know, there is going to be a resurrection of some life, like a little animal." Well, a little animal...

**32** Now, many of you remember of the foregoing of the Word, that said there'd be a little boy would come back from the dead that had been struck by an automobile. Brother Jack Moore is with me tonight, who was over in Finland when that happened, see. Many of you here will remember me telling it through here, see---told you to write it in your book. Notice. And Brother Woods turned around---Brother Banks Woods, the one whose boy was healed with polio---and he turned and said to his brother, "You just watch. Something's fixing to happen." I kept on catching the fish, you see. So we baited up our lines with the fish. That night we caught nothing. The next morning I said, "There was some, quite a few, bluegill over there." And he said, "Say, by the way. Didn't you say there was going to be some kind of resurrection of life?" I said, "Yes."

**33** I tell you, when I left home they was ... my little girl... We're kind of... You people can have them if you want them, now, see, but I'm scared of a cat. And so, I just don't like that superstitious feeling you get around them. And so, we don't have them around the house, and I believe the cat can realize that I'm afraid of him. So, my father was afraid of cats. So then, my little girls knowed not to have any cats around there. And the little ... my little girl walked down the lane with another little girl, and she come back all sad-looking in the face, and she said, "Daddy..." I said, "What do you want, honey?" She said, "A horrible thing's been done." I said, "What is it?" She said, "If you just only knew." I said, "Well, tell me." She said, "Somebody has throwed out a poor old cat down the lane here." And said, "The thing's about ready to die, can hardly walk." And said, "Daddy, do you mind if we feed it and take care of it?" I said, "Certainly not. If you want to feed it just be careful. Don't let it scratch you." I said, "Let me see the cat." So when they brought the cat around, I got a box, and 'course, the next morning we had a whole bunch of kittens.

**34** And then, so the little boy of mine (when I was leaving), little Joseph, he was looking at them. Oh, he thought they were cute, you know, climbing around, you know, and... And so, he gets one in his hand, he squeezes it a little too tight, and he dropped it on the concrete. The little fellow begin turning around and around. I thought "Oh, my." And I thought, "Well, now that may be that little old kitten, when I go back home." You remember the possum case. I thought, "Well, it might be that kitten." So then, we were sitting back in a little cove fishing, and we was catching these pretty good size bluegill then, throwing the small ones back.

**35** Brother Lyle---Brother Banks' brother---was fishing with a reeling pole, great big hook and a big bunch of worms on it. He let that little old bluegill swallow that hook plumb down in his little belly. And when he pulled him up he said, "Now, I wish you'd look at there," just about that long. And he just ... he couldn't take the hook out, I guess, no other way---just cut the string off---and he wanted to save his hook. So he just pulled gills, belly, and all out of him, like that, and throwed him over on the water. And he quivered three or four times, and just laid there. He said, "You shot your last wad, little fellow." And I said, "Lyle, when he starts to bite... Get a smaller hook than that. When he starts to bite, take this fly rod laying here, and just as he starts to bite, catch him, see, before he gets ... and then he swallows it, catches it in his mouth." I said, "That's the sport of catching them." "Oh," he said, "I'd make the wrong pull." He just went ahead, and he tried a few times, and missed about three or four. And he laid the thing down, said, "I'll just let him swallow it again."

**36** So this little fish floated around on the water there, for a little ... oh, I guess thirty minutes. And the waves begin to get up and come in. I said, "Well, we'll have to leave pretty soon. We got a bucket now. So, we'll have to leave." And I raised up to throw it back over on some lily pads, and jerk it off. There was some of the big red-belly back there. So I started to pull the bait off of the pad---you know, flip it over on the pad, and jerk it off (as you fellows and women know about fishing). And when I started to do that, all of a sudden something came down through them hills, just like a wind pouring. And it went upon me. I dropped the pole and stood up in the boat, and I looked around. And I heard a voice say, "You see that little fish?" And there he was, laying there. I said "You see that little fish?" just as He said it. There ... his little fins was stiffened out, and he was ... laid on the water for a half hour. And this Bible's laying open now, see. And He said, "Speak to him, and give him back his life." And I said, "Little fishy, in the name of the Lord Jesus, I give you back your life." And those men standing, watching, that little fish turned over on his back, and down through the water he went. They like to fainted! Lyle washed his face in water. He said, "I'll wake up after a while." He said, "I know I'm dreaming." I said, "You're not dreaming." And right on the same time, I guess I had on prayer lists thirty or forty spastic children. And how God would go around from them spastic children, and bring up that little fish! It just goes to show that He's interested in everything.

**37** Why would He use His power to curse a fig tree, when there were thousands of lepers in the land? And He bypassed those lepers and went over and put a curse on a fig tree. And said, "No man eat from you," and the fig tree withered. Used His power---showing that He's interested in trees, He's interested in fish, He's interested in you, He's interested in me. And He's interested to see His Word made manifest, and He's depending on us to do it, for we are His agents. Nothing in ourselves; it's Him---yielding ourselves and walking with Him.

```
Matthew 21:19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.

Mark 11:14 And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.

```
**38** Saw a vision that morning. I seen a large animal laying on the side of the hill. Oh, it had a mammoth set of horns. I was on a hunting trip in this vision, along about ten or eleven o'clock in the day. And I slipped over and shot the animal. And then on the road back a mammoth big grizzly bear raised right up against me, and I shot him. And then, I seen them take the horns, and a little hand reached to get the horns, put the tape on it, and it measured forty-two inches from the top of the beam to the top of the horn, forty-two inches high. I never seen any animal like it---great big spikes on his horns and yet it looked like a deer. But it ... oh, my, it'd make two or three deer. I never seen anything like it. Well, I said, "Probably it will come to pass someday. I'll just write it down."

**39** I went down in Kentucky with a friend of mine, and Brother Miner Arganbright called me and said, "Brother Branham, are you busy?" I said, "Not so bad." I said, "I was on my ... I got two weeks now. I'm on a little vacation." Said, "Run up to Canada, to Alaska, with me. We want to organize a Businessmen's chapter at Anchorage, and also over at Fairbanks." I said, "Sounds all right, if I can get the time to do it." He said, "Well, Brother Branham, if you'll do it, I tell you what. We'll give you a nice grizzly bear hunt." Said, "Oh, that sounds fine." I thought, "Oh, oh. There's the vision, see. That's it.

**40** A nice grizzly bear hunt." I said, "That sounds good. I don't go for that, but while we're up there, and some of the guides wants to take me out free, I'll be glad to go." So he said, "Well, they'll do it. We got it fixed up." I said, "Well, now wait. Let me pray over it." And I went up in the woods that day, and every time I prayed, farther away I got, all the time---completely away from it. I thought, "That's strange." And two days after that I called Brother Arganbright, and I said, "No." He said, "Brother Branham, we was just getting things arranged." I said, "Don't do it. The Holy Spirit has condemned it." And I told him the vision. I said, "I don't know, Brother Arganbright, but it's strange. But He won't let me go up there, and yet, it sounds like that I ... that would be the place." And he said, "Well, now, we're all set to go." And I said... Now many of you will see Brother Arganbright. He's coming here now, to make ready with me to go overseas after this meeting. And so you can ask him the story. So he said... I said, "No. I just can't do it. The Holy Spirit tells me not..."

**41** It's best to obey, no matter how much, how good it looks! I'm going to preach on something like that tomorrow night, the Lord willing. So now, remember: no matter how good it looks, if God isn't in it, stay away from it. No matter how glamour it looks, stay away from it. How prosperous ... stay away from it if God isn't in it. Stay away from it. Now we're going to speak on that tomorrow night, Lord willing. Now, then, when I went home Billy said to me (my son), he said, "Dad, do you know that hunter that you went hunting with last spring up there by the name of Southwick?" "Oh," I said, "up on ... in the ... below the Yukon there?" He said, "Yes." Said, "He's got a letter here for you." He's Brother Eddie Byskal, which is the head of the ministerial association of that northwestern country up in there, a very fine boy. May be here in this meeting. He's planning on coming this way at this time, fine little boy. And he's got a nice family. He's missionarying up there now, to the Crees---Cree Indians. And I was just with him last fall. And then (or last summer, rather),

**42** then he (Eddie) wanted to take me over to Bud's, which was one of his converts to Christ. His wife was a staunch Pentecostal. Bud was a rancher and he'd just recently come in. But he'd been allotted, where they drove the Indians out and put them on the reservation, a great territory for hunting---about six ... oh, I guess he got about three hundred square miles or more, around in there, for a territory allotted to him by the Canadian Government.

**43** Well, that spring when I was up there, we went bear hunting after the meeting. But when we ... in May. But the Chinook come, and it cut us off. We had about ... he'd never heard of anything about the meetings, and Eddie kept pouring into him about the meetings. And he said, "You don't mean to tell me that, today, that God is showing Himself, and show things that's coming before it happens?" Eddie said, "That's exactly right." So he kept talking to me. He said, "You know, I got a brother's got epilepsy." Said, "If you could just only get to that brother." Said, "I believe... If I could ever get him to one of your meetings, I believe he'd be healed." I said... He said, "He's had it all of his life." And I said, "Perhaps so." Well, it don't get dark up there at that time of the year, you know. The sun just goes down, and gets... Oh, you can... Any time, midnight, one o'clock, you can just stand and read the newspaper, anything, you see. And about the last part of May the sun never goes down. It just barely tips, about ... gone about ten minutes, and comes back. So we just lay down whenever we got tired.

**44** And then on the road coming out, we met the bunch of Indians. And oh, I got the old chief back there. They let him stay there because he's had two children... They bury their children in a log, their loved ones---some kind of religion---and they hung them in the tree. So they just let that family stay there. Nice old fellow---past ninety years old---sitting up in his saddle just as good as one of his boys. And so, we left the next day. He said, "There's no way across now. Go up over the mountains, and this way." Oh, it was another hundred miles to cut a trail. So we couldn't do that. It was too late. We started back.

**45** And on the road back... Bud's got a string of young horses and some of them got down in muskeg and things. And I was going along there talking, and Eddie and I ... and Bud was on the lead horse, trying to get out. We had twenty-one head. And then, I got a rope on one, got him out. And just soon as he got out, then my own saddle horse got in. And here I was getting out over there, and I was muddy, you know. In a few minutes I got up on my horse, and wiped the mud off my clothes, like that, started off. And right before me across that hill there come a young man. I looked at him. I moved back in the saddle, and stopped my horse, and I seen him fall in a fit, going over and over, and frothing; and got real arrogant, and just tearing up everything. And then he quietened down. I seen an old salamander. I seen his shirt burning.

**46** Eddie was about half a city block ahead of me trying to get another horse---young horse run off the trail, getting over in there and pulling the packs off of him, bucking off. So then I run up there to Eddie. We got the horse quiet. I said, "Eddie, I got 'thus saith the Lord' for Bud." He said, "Brother Branham, what happened?" I said, "A vision. I seen his brother." He said, "Oh, get him." I said, "Hold the horses back. I'll spur mine and get ahead, run around these horses, see if I can get him, over against the side of the hill." I run around the cliff like this with my ... on my horse, pushed him up and got up there. And I put my hand over on the saddle. I said, "Bud." He said, "Yes, Brother Branham?" I said, "I want to tell you something. Your brother [and described him] ..." He said, "Yes, who told you?" I said, "Nobody. The Lord just showed him to me." I said, "Will you believe me as His servant?" He said, "Certainly, Brother Branham." I said, "Send down [about eight hundred miles back to civilization] , get your brother to come up here. And the first time he falls in one of those fits..." And I said, "He's had these since about two years old. You might not believe it, but it's hereditary. Your grandfather had them." He said, "That's the truth. That's right." And I said, "Now, when this boy has this fit, you jerk the shirt off of his back and throw it into the fire, and say, 'This I do in the name of Jesus Christ according to His Word,' and he'll never have another one, as long as he'll believe it." He just raised up his hands, started screaming. He said, "I've never seen it done, but you sure told me just what my brother looked like, and told me the truth about my grandfather." I said, "That's right.

**47** After we left he sent and got his brother. And he was going out to cut trail that morning, when... He come up on the bus---coming up past us two or three times a week, up and down the Alaskan highway. He come over. And Bud's wife, Lila, is just a little bitty thing, a little woman, about big as a bar of soap after a family's washing is done from it. Just a little... Got five children, and a sweet little woman. And so, Bud went out to fix his horses, because he was going to cut trail, so we could get back in that ... with his hunters.

**48** And as soon as he was gone, well, his brother in there---without taking his good clothes off yet---he fell in a fit. And they were camping in an old barracks, where the Americans, when they was building the highway, had it there. And when... They had a big old salamander as a stove. And little Lila... He got rashal when he got them spells, and she was scared to death of him. And she'd clear a window, or something or other, to get out of the way. But she started to jump out, and she thought of what had been said. She'd been in one of the meetings down at Dawson Creek. She rushes over there and straddles this big fellow, jerks that shirt off his back, crying, buttons and all---his white shirt---walked over to the stove and said, "This I do in the name of the Lord Jesus according to the word of the Lord that was told to us." And he's never had one since. That settled it.

**49** He had sent for me to come, a free hunt. And I'm always looking for them free things, you know. So I thought... "Well," I said, "I'll go. I'll see if the Lord lets me go." I prayed, and just no more than praying, and everything moving right that way. I took Brother Fred Sothmann. He's here somewhere in the meeting. Where are you, Fred? There he is. He's one of the trustees of our church. Brother Fred knows that this was told three months before it happened. Is that right, Brother Fred? And I guess Brother Simpson. How many is in the building tonight that knows that before it happened was told? Raise up your hand. There you are. And it was told before the church exactly what would happen. Well, I didn't know this to be the time.

**50** So I went up to the Alaskan highway, and Brother Fred stopped off at a friend's to go moose hunting. It's too far back there for moose, so we're up in sheep country, where we was going. And so we... I took a piece of chalk, or dirt, and drawed on the windshield. I said, "Now, Brother Fred, so if this is the time, you'll remember exactly what it will be." And he remembers it. I went on up. That night when we got in the camp, Bud said, "Brother Branham..." He hugged me, and jumped up and down, speaking in tongues and hollering, you know. He said (and that an old rough cowboy, too), and he ... just praising God. He said, "You know what, Brother Branham? My brother hasn't had a fit from that time on. He's perfectly normal and well"---year before. And I said, "As long as he will believe it, it'll continue that way." And I said, "Now tell him to surrender his life to Christ, and serve Him the rest of his days. 'Go and sin no more, or a worse thing come upon him,' see." I said, "Tell him to do that now."

**51** So I said, "I have another vision," and I told him of the vision. I said, "Now there was some little fellows with me. We was on a hunting trip, and they were small men. And one of them had a green plaid shirt on." And he said, "Well," he said, "Brother Branham," he said, "I don't have a green plaid shirt." His boy Blaine (eighteen) said he doesn't have no green plaid shirt. Eddie Byskal, another little bitty fellow---weighed about 110 pounds---he said, "I don't have one either, Brother Branham." I said, "Well," I said, "now, the animal..." He said, "What kind of a animal was it?" I said, "It looked like a deer." He said, "There's no deer up here; it's too high." He said, "Maybe it was a caribou." I said, "A caribou has a panel." He said, "That's right." I said, "This had spikes." He said, "Well, Brother Branham," said, "we're going to sheep country, not deer country or anything like that." I said, "Well, it's probably another trip. Brother Arganbright... It might have been Alaska somewhere," I said, "because it was a mammoth big grizzly." He said, "What kind of a grizzly was it?" I said, "Silvertip." That's the most famous of all of them. He said, "I'm a guide. I've been in these woods here all my life. I've never seen a silvertip." Said, "I've seen a regular old grizzly, but," said, "I've never seen a silvertip---never seen one in my life." I said, "Well, there's some ... one somewhere, and I'm going to get him." He said, "I'll say that's the truth." He said, "I'll say that."

**52** We took off three days later. We made camp plumb up above timber line. And God help me---if they stay that way till the millennium, let me live there during the millennium. I just love to bathe in that nature there. Oh! Anybody couldn't see God there is blind, deaf, and dumb---just to see Him reflecting Himself in those great mammoth mountains! Oh, my! The deep calls to the deep then, and ... up there just having a glorious time.

```
Psalm 42:7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.

```
**53** So we went up on one mountain. You just have to walk straight, like that, to get up it. Oh, no timber---just simply caribou moss is all you see. We seen about thirty or forty head of sheep. There wasn't none big enough to take. It was just little half-rounds, and three-quarter rounds, and I wanted one big enough to come out of there with, so, by going that far back. So we ... I went back down. And the next day we started across, and Eddie fell in the water when he started to jump across with a big pair of shoes on. Going up the side of the mountain, Bud stopped and said, "Let me have your glasses, Billy." I give him the glasses. We'd walk a piece, and talk about the Lord, and shout, and run up and down the side of the hill---just have a glorious time. It's good to go on a hunting trip if you go with brothers.

**54** And so, he took my glasses. He said, "Brother Branham, there's your old ram. There's about eight of them laying about six miles, right there on top of that other peak. Look at them. See them together?" I picked up, I said, "I'll say, there they are, exactly." He said, "Well, we might as well go back down, start in the morning about three o'clock." And said, "We ought to be up there about nine or ten. The old rams will be laid down. That'll just be the time." I said, "What's them other things walking around there?" He said, "That's caribou." I said ... so six miles away, you know, it's hard to tell what they look like.

**55** And then from then on, six hundred miles the way the crow flies, there's not even a path or a trail. And when you hit the West Coast, you go about eight hundred miles to Vancouver, there's not even a speck of civilization. And the next civilization is ... going this way is Anchorage, about seven or eight hundred miles. Go back this way, you run into the little city at Yellow Knife, where you get a ship in there once a year for the Eskimos. And next you hit Russia. So you're really to yourself. That's where God can take His rest up there from all of our troubles and trials that we put Him into. So I like to go up there and talk to Him, when He's resting, you see. So then, when ... like it was last night on the ship.

**56** So when we ... went back down. And the next morning we started early. Along about eight o'clock we'd wound through shintangle, and everything, till we got to the top of the hill. And on the road up, here went an old cow caribou, and a nice-size bull ---went and started up the hill. And big panels on him. And I said, "Well, and so there is the first caribou I've ever seen in the woods wild. I've never been this high before." He said, "Yeah, that's a caribou." So we went on up the hill and looked. The sheep wasn't there. So Bud and I walked around, and Eddie started slipping around, and Blaine (his boy) looking around for game, and we walked over here, and oh, my! I just screamed out "Glory to God!" I looked down there, and there was them big snow-peaked mountains, yellow caribou moss below the snow; and just below that come in the evergreen, which was the pigmy spruce; and got a little farther down, there was the buck brush, red, a little further than that was the quaking aspen, yellow---all reflecting in the lake down below it. Oh, my!

**57** Bud and I just put our arms around one another and just danced a little jig around there, just screaming, and shouting, and praising God. And we sat down with our arms around one another, and just praised God and had a wonderful time---I guess about two hours. And I said, "Say, wonder what become of Eddie?" We called him "the Dude." So, we went back and started across the hill. I said, "He couldn't get lost up here." He said, "No. Blaine's back over there somewhere, and he's an Indian." So we looked around and I seen a movie camera laying there. I said, "That was Eddie's." I looked back down the hill, and I went over this way, and he went the other way. And Eddie was going, "Sh-h-h-h." He was stalking that little bull caribou, and he was going to take him back down to feed him to the Indian friends that he was missionarying to. So he shot the caribou, and we went out and cleaned it out.

**58** Come back along about one o'clock. We found our saddle horses again, about a half-a-mile away where they was standing. And we were standing there and he said, "Brother Branham, you like to walk?" Said, "I sure do." He said, "If we scale this mountain... Them rams went across this way, and went down into that other hole there, maybe. If they didn't, they went back this other way." Said, "Let's let Eddie and them go back, and go through this cut down here, and take my saddle horse and your saddle horse, and pack the caribou to the camp. And we'll walk just up through here and hit that place. And we ought to get in about ten or eleven o'clock tonight." I said, "Fine. We'll do it."

**59** So we was standing there. We'd just eat a can of sardines apiece, each one of us, that we'd buried under the moss, this sardines. And our bread we had in our shirt. We'd sweated until it was all in one big lump. But it was good. When you're hungry ... and it was all right. So we stood there. And I was just looking around, and I looked through the glasses, and I said, "Bud, looky here. What is that over there?" About three mile away, there laid that caribou. And it was an odd one. Wasn't panels; it was big spikes. I said, "You remember? Looky here. There's that panoramic just exactly, and there lays that animal just the way..." And I said, "There's only one thing that hinders the vision---somebody with a green check shirt." And there stood Eddie with a green check shirt on. I said, "I thought you didn't have one."

**60** He said, "My wife must have put that in the pack. When I fell in the water yesterday..." He had to change shirts. He said, "I didn't know she had it in there, Brother Branham. I'm sorry I told you something wrong." I said, "You just had to do that, son." Oh, Bud began to shout! He said, "You can stand right here, and shoot him three miles away, can't you, Brother Branham?" I said, "According to the vision, I was right on him." He said, "Brother Branham, I tell you. How you going to get over there?" I said, "I don't know, but I'm going to get over there." So he said, "How you going?" I said, "Going around this panoramic." He said, "That's shale." And I... Said, "If you slide you'll have about ... thousand of tons of snow on you in about a second." And I said, "The Lord'll take care of that. That's the way I went in the vision, right on around." He said, "Well, I'm going to follow you." Here he come.

**61** And these boys said, "We'll stay here now, until we see you get the caribou." And they said, "And then, we'll go on down, take the horses and go on in. We'll meet you down at the end of the draw, about four or five miles down." And he said, "All right." So we started around, Bud and I, and in about a half-hour we worked right around. And that caribou laying right there, looking right at us, never seen us. He must have been asleep. And went up over the little cut, and come back, and come up within thirty yards of him. There he laid---this mammoth big animal. Rose up from there, and I got him.

**62** And while we was sitting there taking the cape, and so forth, from it, like that, Bud said, "Did you say these horns was forty-two inches?" I said, "That's exactly right." He said, "Brother Branham, they must be a hundred and forty-two"---great big head. And I said, "No, it's just exactly forty-two." Said, "I got a tape measure down there." I said, "Do you doubt it?" He said, "No, sir." He said, "But wait a minute. Didn't you tell me that you were going to get a big grizzly bear before you got back down? There'd be a silvertip before you got back to where that boy who had the green shirt on?" I said, "That's the truth." He looked back down the hill. Well, there isn't a thing that high. Nothing at all, just moss all you see, miles and miles---just rolling hills of moss. He said, "Where's he at, Brother Branham?" I said, "He can provide one. He said so." I said, "Do you doubt that, Bud?" He said, "No, sir." Well, coming down the hill, come like this: he'd pack the rifle awhile, and I'd pack the head; and then vice versa. Just had to walk sideways coming down. Them big horns was raking into the moss. And we got within about a mile of it. We stopped and looked around. He said, "That old bear better be showing up, hadn't he?" I said, "What you bothered about?" Said, "Nothing."

**63** We went on till we hit a little glacier coming across. We sat down there and got cooled off a little. He said, "Brother Branham, just think of it." Said, "We haven't got over about, oh, less than a half-a-mile till we hit them boys. And somewhere between here and there you're going to kill a silvertip!" I said, "That's right. That's right." He said ... I said, "You're doubting that, Bud."

**64** He raised up, and took me by the hand, and he said, "Brother Branham, my brother has never had a fit from that day to this." He said, "The God that could tell you of my brother wouldn't lie to you." I said, "Bud, he'll be there." He said, "Where will he come from?" I said, "I don't know. But," I said, "Bud, I'm fifty-two (then)," and I said, "I've saw visions since a child. And when I saw this caribou here killed (and you see if his horns isn't forty-two inches)... And then the same vision, I was on my road back down to where that company was that I was with, I killed this silvertip grizzly." He said, "Brother Branham, I can see for twenty miles." He said, "God's going to have to pull him up out of the ground, or bring him down out of the skies, or something." I said, "Don't you worry. He'll be there."

**65** We went about another hundred yards. He was just about wore out, too. This weighed about 150 pounds, this trophy. So, coming down the hill, and he set it down, said, "Whew, I'm about give out. I said, "Yeah." We come into a little pigmy spruce then, about that high, and there was a few grouse flying around, and there was ptarmigan hens. And so I throwed some rocks at them, like that. So he said, "Did you ever eat of them ptarmigan?" And I said, "No, I don't believe so." He said, "They're fine. They're as good as grouse." He said, "Brother Branham," took off his big old black hat, fanned himself, said, "about time for that old bear to show up, ain't it, boy?" And I said, "Bud, you're doubting that." He said, "No, I'm not. But Brother Branham, I just can't understand." I said, "Neither can I. It's not for me to understand. It's for me to believe." Amen. God in heaven knows these things are true. Would I stand here and say this if it wasn't true?

**66** Then I started to turn around to give him the rifle, and me pick up the head, and as I turned I said, "Bud, you got them glasses around your neck. What is that standing up there on the side of the hill?" And he throwed the glasses up. He said, "Oh, help me!" Said, "If it ain't somebody's milk cow [and there ain't no such thing in the country] ," said, "that's the biggest grizzly I ever seen in my life. And so help me, look at that yellow sun shining on him. He's a silvertip." Said, "How far do you say he is? I said, "He's about two mile up there." We was about wore out. He said... I said, "What are we waiting on? Let's go." And he said, "You're sure of getting him?" I said, "Sure I'm going to get him." He said, "What's that gun you're using there?" And I said, "Now, never mind about that." It was a little bitty gun some brother give me in a meeting one time, several years ago. And I said, "A little cheap two-seventy." And I said, "All right. I got ... it's going to be..."

**67** We kept going a little closer, and the closer we got the bigger that bear looked, see. Oh, he looked like a mammoth haystack sitting up there on that moss, you know, standing. Great, big, mammoth thing, head about that wide, you know, jaws sticking out, great big paws. He was plucking up these little blueberry branches, like that, you know, eating them. And so ... great big fellow. We got about, oh, about eight hundred yards of him. He said, "Hey, Brother Branham, did you ever shoot a grizzly before?" I said, "I've shot many bear, Bud, but I never did shoot a silvertip grizzly before." He said, "You know, the silvertip is the biggest fighter of all of them." I said, "Yeah, I understood that." He said, "He don't know how to die." And I said, "Well..." He said, "How far ... how close you have to get to him with that?"

**68** Now you just ask him. Write him a letter. I'll give you the address. He said, "Let anybody write me about it that wants to, on any of those things, let me tell them." And so ... and I said, "Well," I said... He said, "Now?" I said, "No, no. I was closer than this, Bud. I was right up close to him." He said, "We're getting pretty close now. He can charge at any time." I said, "I know it. But," I said, "Bud," I said, "it'll be all right." He said, "Now when you shoot a bear," said, "now, Brother Branham, you shoot him in the back. You have to break him down, because he'll keep on fighting, and can't get up then." I said, "No, according to the vision I shot him in the heart." He said, "I hope you didn't make no mistake on that." And I said ... I said, "I didn't." I said, "I remember that." Because in a vision you're in one conscious, and both... As we explained it the other night, you're two---you can't forget it, see. So there you are.

**69** So we got in again about 250 yards, and this was the last little coulee we went over. And I said, "That's just about it now. Look at him. Isn't he a beauty?" He said, "Yeah, I guess he is." And I said, "All right, Bud. Now when I raise up from here, he's coming." And I said, "You just watch." And he said, "I'll be watching." So I put a shell up in the barrel of the gun, you know. And we was down under this little coulee. Just as I raised up, here he come. My, my! I stopped, shot. And this ... it sounded like a pea-shooter hitting him. Boy, it never a bit more checked him up, or nothing. And my, before... You talk about speed---I never seen anything like that! He could outrun a horse, or deer, or anything, you know---a bear can, like that. Seen him coming down that hill right towards us, like that, and I... Before I could get another shell in the gun he dropped dead about, oh, about thirty, forty yards from me---just turned end over end. Took heart, lungs, and all from him. It was a nozzler bullet---you hand-loaders know. So it blowed him up, and he fell over. Bud, standing there, looked over, was real white around the mouth. He said, "Brother Branham, I didn't want him on my lap!" I said, "Neither did I!" Said, "Whew!" Said, "I want to tell after it's over, boy. If that hadn't have been one of them visions, and I'd seen it happen before, I'd've never come up here that close to that bear with you."

**70** And neither one of us could budge him. He weighed around a thousand pounds, I guess. So, mammoth big fellow. We couldn't clean him, skin him. We started on down, and he said, "Brother Branham..." I picked up the horn. He said, "If them horns are exactly forty-two inches," said, "I'm just going to have a running fit." I said, "You better have it right now, then, because that's what it is." He said, "I have never seen a... It seems to me like I'm dreaming this." And when we got down there, and I said to Eddie, I said, "Now you watch. Blaine will put his hands..." Now you remember, there was a little hand around that horn. Remember Brother Fred, how I told you it would be? And I said, "You watch it," to Eddie. And so Bud said, "Wait." He got his horse over there. And we had bear on us, you know, those horses just tearing up everything. You know how they do, when they smell a grizzly, or any kind of a bear. So I went over there trying to hold the horse, the saddle horse, trying to get away.

**71** And he went over and got his tape measure, and come walking across there, looking at me like that. Said, "Come here, Blaine (I punched Eddie)," put it down on it. And so help me, forty-two inches on the nose. Now, them horns shrink about two inches when they dry up. That grizzly bear is laying in my den room, and the horns are hanging on the wall. The taxidermist has fixed them, and fixed them up. There's a tape measure hanging on them, forty-two inches exactly.

**72** Now what would God tell a man something like that for, about a hunting trip? When I got back, Mother was sick. I went to see her. She said, "Billy..." See, He was encouraging me, getting me ready for something. And I said, "Mama, the Lord's always healed you." She said, "Billy, I'm going home to see Dad." "Oh," I said, "Mom, don't talk like that." Said, "Yes, I am." And I prayed for her, and Brother Fred and all of these witnesses setting here know. Then, next thing you know, they had her in the hospital. The doctor didn't even know what was wrong. Well, I went out to pray for her. She said, "Son, I'm going." My mother was kind of a powerful woman, anyhow.

**73** And one day, a couple of days after that, I walked in. She was standing there looking right up towards the heavens. She said, "Billy, I see you." I said, "Why, sure, Mama." Said, "I see you right here." She said, "Oh, you're so old, Bill." Said, "Your white hair and beard just hanging together. You got your arm around the cross reaching for me." I had a good idea then, that was it. Now you brethren here know that to be the truth. The next day was Sunday. I was preaching. They sent me word. I said, "I do not believe that Mother's going. God always shows me my people going. But Mother, He has never showed me nothing about it." Here come a message in, and I was right in the middle of my message, like this. Someone come in and said, "Go to your mother right now. Call her on the phone. She's dying at this minute." I said, "Death, hold her still. The Word of God's more important than that."

**74** This man sitting right here, Brother Borders... After the service was over, I went out to see my mother. I met Brother Borders. He said, "Brother Branham, you're not quite six foot, but I seen a ten-foot man standing in the pulpit this morning." I said, "Brother Borders, God will take care of all of that for Mama." And a few days after that, they called me out to the room, and she really was going. Gathered in the children, stood around the bed. I said, "Mama, are you really going?" She said, "Yes." Then she couldn't speak no more. I kept telling her, "What does Jesus mean to you, Mother?" I remember baptizing her in His name, long ago, out in the water. I said, "Tell me what He means to you now." She said, "More than life to me."

**75** I said, "Mama, if you're going, I'm your boy, a preacher. I want to know from my own mother who's going to meet God. I want to hold your hand here, Mom." Said, "I want you to." I kept holding it. She couldn't talk. Looked like she was paralyzing, her face. I said, "Can't you talk no more, Mama?" She couldn't make... I said, "Listen. Is Jesus still just the same to you?" She could nod her head. Then she got to a place she couldn't nod her head no more. I said, "Mother, is Jesus everything to you now? He's coming for you in a minute---everything to you?" She couldn't move. I said, "Mama, you only got one thing. Just see you're batting your eyes. If Jesus still means just the same to you as He always did, the day I baptized you in the water, bat your eyes real fast." She'd bat her eyes, the tears running down like that. And a little wind come sweeping into the room. Mother went home.

**76** And I come home, went out to the funeral home, picked out the clothes---oh, you know how it is. You've had to do the same thing. The kids all crying, one down in one place, and one in another. I said, "Mama was the hitch-post. It'll never be the same no more"---Doc and his family in this corner, Jesse and his family in that corner. We'd just buried Howard recently. I said, "Well, we're gone, boys." I said, "We'll ... we won't come to see one another. Mama was our stay." I said, "We won't see one another much more now."

**77** I went up home nighttime after we got her clothes picked out. I went up home. Mrs. Domico... Anybody know her from Chicago? Been a very dear friend of the campaign. She'd give me a Bible, and it was one of those red letter Bibles with a zipper on it. And somebody ... when I preached that sermon "The Lamb and Dove," they'd sent me two doves as a holder. Another brother of mine, Brother Norman, had sent me a little dove and a lamb. Brother Borders give me the lamb. And I picked up the Bible. Meda was over in one corner crying.

**78** And all you Businessmen here know when I was in Jamaica, seen my mother-in-law. Told you at the table out there in Jamaica, I said, "Some one of my people is dying, that hasn't got any teeth. I see them going." Right at the table---Demos Shakarian and all of them sitting there. Few hours from then my mother-in-law just almost dropped dead---one time, see---no teeth, just exactly. And I said, "I see a young man spit blood." And I called and said, "Don't let Billy..." Does anybody here ... was at the Jamaica meeting over there at that time, at Jamaica? Yeah, there's two. So then, and I said, "It must... Billy, don't you go up there. I seen a young fellow spit blood." And it was my brother-in-law. He had a hemorrhage when his mother died. It just throwed him in such a shock.

**79** Then standing here that day I picked up this Bible, said, "Father, I don't know. Maybe just your love, You didn't show me her going. But I'm so broke up, God. Will You just give me some word of comfort out of your Word?" I said, "Let me just read something that's comforting to me," and I just let the Bible open up like that, and there it was, big red letters. "She is not dead, but sleepeth." I went in the room. We went to sleep.

```
Matthew 9:24 He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.

Mark 5:39 And when he was come in, he saith unto them, Why make ye this ado, and weep? the damsel is not dead, but sleepeth.

Luke 8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.

```
**80** About eight o'clock the next morning got up. They was going to have her fixed up along about noon, so we could go down and see her. Meda went out to get the children's breakfast, and little Joe crying, Becky in one corner still crying, "Will I ever see Grandma again?" And I said, "Yes. Yes, you'll see her. She's just crossed ... went upstairs." I said, "She ... we'll see her again." And she loved them little kiddies, you know. And so, they was all crying, "Can we see Grandma this afternoon? I said, "You can see the body she lived in, but Grandma's gone up to be with your other Grandmother, and them up in heaven." And Joe couldn't understand it, my little boy, you know. He just couldn't understand it. He said, "Then will Grandma come back down tonight?" And I said, "No, no. I don't know when she'll come back. When Jesus comes she'll come back."

**81** And I was standing there, and I turned around and walked in the room and when I did---don't ask me to explain it, there's no way to explain it---I seen myself standing out there, just the same as I look across this audience. And I was leading songs. I never did that. I can't even sing at all. So, and there was a great mammoth crowd of people. On this side the auditorium looked like it was a ... outside, like, oh, I don't know what you would call it---kind of down a hill, and kind of like a amphitheater. And it was so far back, the lines was, till they had to be raised up like this, so the ones so far in the back had to look this way. But all right in the middle just three rows, like this. And right in the middle was just like windrows ripped in, of little spastic, crippled children laying in them rows.

**82** Now, I had on a dark suit, and I was singing "Bring them in, bring them in, bring the little ones to Jesus." We sing that at the church quite a bit, especially in dedicating the children. And there was a ... like a box, here, where the celebrity sat and the pulpit was close to that. But I was down leading songs. And all at once, me standing there, and looking at myself, then... Don't try to think it out because you can't. Then, when I was here, then it become here. I don't know. Two of them went together, and it's... That's a good thing, when the two go together. I got a camera up there. Coming down, I didn't know how to take a picture. I looked through the thing, and then I could see five or six different objects. So I began to focus it. Billy told me, said, "Focus it, and they all come to one." It's a good idea to do that, you know. You see things different when you go to focusing. And use God's Word for a focus on Him, and you'll see what I'm talking about. But get it in focus first, you see.

**83** So, standing there looking, and I went into that vision. And while in there, I noticed a renowned person come back at the back at the place. And they were, I said... Well, they were coming to the celebrity box, so they come walking up this way. And I thought, "Well, I'll sing once more while that lady is coming." She was dressed old-fashioned. Now, some of you ladies will remember this---when they wore kind of skirts like, around here, and it went way down over laced-up shoes, and they had kind of a full (what is it you call them things, like this lady's got on here now, that...?), blouse---one of those things like that, and had real full sleeves in it. Remember them? Went up around the neck here, with a little kind of a little button of a thing went in here. And then a great big hat on, turned up on the side. And the ladies in them days, they wore long hair, so they pulled it down like this, and set a hat on it and put a pin in it, you know, to keep it on---for they had to ride sidesaddle and things.

**84** So this lady was coming up, and everybody was respecting this lady. And I thought, "Well, she'll go to the celebrity box." So then, I was saying, "Once more, all this side. 'Bring them in [now over here] , bring them in [then all in the middle, all together now] , bring the little ones to Jesus.'" Just as I said that, this lady had already entered the box, and I could see... When she entered the box everybody stood up, and they were kind of doing like this, recognizing her. And she was recognizing them. I thought, "Well, it's time for me to preach, and I'll go praying for them sick people." And I got up here on the pulpit like this, and the box was right---oh, it was close as this brother sitting here---and I turned around like this.

**85** I thought, "Well now, that lady will bow to me, so I'll just recognize her." And so, when I turned around she already had her head down like this, and I was putting my head down like that. And when I raised my head up the second time to meet her, it was Mama---young, pretty. I looked at her. I said, "Mama!" She said, "Billy." And just then, lightning began to flash around in the building, thunders roared, and a shaking come. And a voice said "Do not fear about your mother." Said, "She's the same way she was in 1906." And I said, "What? 1906?" And Meda said, "What's the matter with you," my wife. I said, "Honey, 1906. What was 1906? She said, "Why?" I said, "A vision. I seen Mama standing right here." Said, "You seen what?" I said, "I seen Mama." Said, "Sure enough, Bill?"

**86** I said, "Yes. She was standing right here, and she was pretty, and He said..." I said, "She was just a young woman." So I went and got the old family record. And you know what she was in 1906? My father's bride. That's the year she was married. Now, she's part of another bride, the bride of the Lord Jesus. Someone from somewhere sent me a nickel. I got it here in my pocket---1906. And "He, the Holy Ghost, when He is come, He will reveal these things to you that I have said, and will show you things to come."

```
John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

```
**87** Now, what is it? The hunting trip was only building me up, you see---one of the good ... best trips I ever took, knowing that this great shock... That was love. And brother, sister, if all these other visions has been perfectly right of what the Holy Spirit has showed... It's got to be the Holy Spirit. The Bible said that if it come to pass, then it was Him. Then what a hope we got! Some day we're going to leave this place. We're going back to a young man and woman, never to die no more. I'd rather know that than to know that I was going to be the president of the world, and live for a million years. I'd rather know that I was in the hand of God.

**88** And I'm glad to know tonight, that that same Jesus that made that statement, He's here after two thousand years. See, it can't perish; it's eternal. And He's just the same Jesus tonight that He was the day that He made this statement. And He'll still confirm that Word, if we'll believe it. Do you believe that? "When He, the Holy Ghost, has come, He will not speak of Himself. But He will take the things that ... of mine [that's the Word] and will show them to you. And then also He will show you things that is to come." In the book of Hebrews, the 4th chapter, the Bible said, "The word of God is sharper..." Now, who was the Word? Jesus. "In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God, and the Word was God ... The Word was made flesh, dwelt..." "The word of God is sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the ... asunder ... and to the marrow of the bone, and a discerner of the thoughts in the heart."

```
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

John 1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John 16:3 And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**89** That's our God. We're not lost, friends. We're still in grace of God. I feel ... to talk of anything, and speak of a past tense... And as I said last night, as those disciples were trying to live on the meeting that they'd had the day before, looking forward for another---but forgot the very creator of the wind and waves was laying in the boat. The God that was up there in those mountains to place that silvertip grizzly, according to His word, that lays there on the floor for evidence... Now, if you wish to write that man, just write Bud Southwick, S-o-u-t-h-w-i-c-k, Bud Southwick, Fort St. John, British Columbia, and just let him write the letter back to you. Any ... by the way, if you're taking a hunting trip, there's a good guide to go with. Now notice. He has told that amongst all those hunters up and down that road, till I believe I'm going to have a real meeting the next time I go up there, just with guides. Yeah, to see those things happen just the way they do.

**90** That was last year. This is this year, right now. That same Jesus that made that promise said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you. I'll be with you always, even to the end of the world." You believe that? With such evidences, with such truth vindicated, positive truth, how can we feel any other way than like we'd just like to go through that roof, be raptured? Have we let the things of the world dull us in such a way, where we see such vital things that's positive proven to be the truth...?

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Hebrews 13:5 Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**91** Now, each sick person in here, if you will only believe that same one that made that promise, and by the same one that took that epilepsy off of that boy, that man, he's the same God that's right here now. If I could take it off of you I would do it, but I can't do it. He's already purchased that for you, and the only thing you have to do is to believe it. What if the boy would have fell into a fit, and the little woman said, "Now what's that shirt got to do with it?" That probably wouldn't work on no one else see. Just on him, because it was sent to him. Naaman dipped in the river seven times, but somebody else dip in it probably wouldn't get over their leprosy, see. But notice. It's what He says is the truth, a vindicated, perfect truth.

```
2 Kings 5:14 Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.

```
**92** Now it's getting late to call even a prayer line. Let's just stop that for a minute. Let's just think: is that what God promised? That would be the genuine Holy Spirit that would do that. Is that right? Well, who would say that He wasn't the Holy Spirit? He was. "I and my Father are one." The Holy Spirit was His Father. "She shall bring forth ... that holy thing which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost." So the Holy Ghost and God is the selfsame Spirit, and it was in Him. And watch what He did when a woman touched His garment, when He looked out upon the audience and perceived their thoughts. Don't the Word say that the Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts of the heart? Does not He promise in St. John 12, or St. John 14:12, that "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also?" Or has it ever failed but what it's the truth?

```
Matthew 1:20 But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.

Luke 1:35 And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.

John 10:30 I and my Father are one.

John 14:12 Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.

Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

```
**93** Then God is here. He's here to make every person in here well. He's here to save every lost soul. And before I make an altar call, as I feel led to do, see, to make this altar call, let's just call on Him. How many of you will forfeit, or say, "If I can..." Maybe there's strangers here, say, "I never seen one of those meetings. I've heard people talk about these things, but I've really never seen it. It would encourage my heart if I could see the very presence of Christ come in among the people, and do that same thing that He did." Would it encourage you? Let's bow our heads a word, every eye closed. Now let the Spirit that follows the Word...

**94** Now, Father, I have ... the best that I know how (you know my heart), knowing that these people are suffering under this heat, and that they're crowded in, standing---but they've been very patient. I can imagine it was the same kind of a crowd that stood on the bank that day, and heard You speaking from the boat. And then You told them, "Launch out into the deep and let down the net for the draught"; not, "...see if there's some there." They were there. And how those notable words of that apostle said, "Lord, we've seined all night and took nothing; but nevertheless, at your word we're going to let down the net." And when they obeyed your word, they enclosed a multitude of fishes, even till their nets began to break.

```
Luke 5:4 Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.

Luke 5:5 And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.

```
**95** Lord Jesus, no doubt that many women left their washing that morning, many men left their fields from the crops, fishermen left their nets to hear the Word of God. Lord Jesus, if you were here in physical form tonight, it's very doubtful if any more than what is gathered, would gather. But these people believe that You are not dead, that You raised from the dead, and You manifest your Word, and keep your Word---the Word that I have read to them out of the holy Scriptures tonight. And as our Lord one time was handed a Bible, or the scroll, and He read, and He sat down and He said, "This day this scripture's fulfilled," let it happen again, Lord. Let it be again that this very day, this very night, that the scripture that I read may be fulfilled. And we're all ... been teaching through the week that that was to be the very thing that was to prove the end-time. And then our hearts will go away happy. And there may be many here, Lord, that You're speaking to. Help us, tonight, to know your Word---your Word vindicated to be the truth. Grant it, Father.

```
Luke 4:21 And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.

```
**96** And while we have our heads bowed, just for a way of survey to quieten myself from preaching, how many of you in here that is not really a born-again Christian? Now you may go to church, but that's not what I'm asking. If you're not a born-again Christian, but you believe there is a living Jesus, a real Holy Spirit, and you would like to be remembered to Him now, would you just (while every head's bowed now, and eye's closed) just raise up your hand to Him. "Lord, remember me." God bless you, God bless you, you, you. God bless you. God bless you. That's very fine. Is there others? Now, we're not very many in number, but do you know it's the world that looks for big things and large numbers. As we said last evening, it was only the little quiet voice that attracted the prophet, to come forward with his face veiled.

**97** Now, you have faith in God. My brother, my sister, have faith in God. And if our great, kind Lord Jesus will come where this Word lays here, His own Word---open---and will prove to you that this Holy Spirit that I speak of is the truth... You might have been confused many times with many things, but it only goes to show that there is real somewhere. And when He does that, I want you that raised up your hands to come see me, just a moment. Now you may raise your heads. Lord Jesus, take this service into your hands now. I am your servant. And all the preaching, just one word from You will mean more than all we could say in a lifetime---just one word. Grant it, now, Father, as I commit this... Those testimonies, You know they're true, Father. You was the one who gave them. And never have they failed. Grant it, in Jesus' name. Amen.

**98** Now, how many people in here, that does not have prayer cards, that's sick, raise up your hands---everywhere in the building that does not have prayer cards, that's sick. All right. And those that have prayer cards, raise up your hands. Be about the same, and they're all mixed up. Now, to look over the audience: first, to be honest before God, and before you, I know that ... I'm looking over here. There's some friends of mine sitting in this corner here, Brother Noel, and Sister Jones, and Brother Outlaw, my son, this brother here and Brother Moore. I don't know this brother, but I've seen him in the meetings the last few times. I can't make this brother's name out, either, but I know him just by face. Sister, right here, Sister Williams, Sister Sharrit sitting on the corner. Way back in the back is some people from the Tabernacle at Jeffersonville.

**99** Sitting right here is a precious old friend of mine, ninety years old, that comes from Ohio---drives across the country. And I'm leaving for Africa, and he and his lovely wife asked if they could go to Africa with me---ninety years old. A German brother, never knew the Lord. When I preached one night, he came in, with his good clothes on, to be baptized---ninety years old. Outside of ... I believe ... oh, this is Brother Waldrop and Sister Waldrop sitting there. And that's about as far as ... and Brother Borders, and that's about it. Now, I'm calling their names. Now, if you who know me like that, don't pray, see. Pray for me.

**100** But I want you who don't know me, and know that I don't know you, I want you to say in your heart, "Lord Jesus, I've heard this spoke of. I heard this minister tonight read this out of the Bible. I heard those testimonies, and I've heard similar, you know, of different times this happened. Are we that close to the end, Lord? Are we that close?" Remember, when that sign was done to Sodom---the city that burned---Jesus referred to it, said, "As it was..." That was the last sign that they received before the city was destroyed. And Jesus said that will be the repeat in the coming of the Son of man. Now you know that's right, how that the God, God in flesh... How many believes that was God talked to Abraham? The Bible says "Elohim." So that's the great Creator of heavens and earth, the all-sufficient One. He was.

```
Genesis 18:3 And said, My Lord, if now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant:

Genesis 18:10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.

Luke 17:28 Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;

Luke 17:29 But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.

```
**101** What was He showing? He was in a human body, stood there and eat the meat of a calf, and drank the milk from the cow, and then could vanish out of sight. "I will visit you according to the time that I promised you," see. Called him by his name, and with his back turned, He said, "Where's Sarah?" Said, "She's in the tent behind you." Said, "I'm going to visit you according to the time of life." And Sarah said ... back in the tent. He said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" Remember, the Bible said she was in the tent behind Him. Said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" Sarah said, "I didn't." Said, "Yes, you did," see. That's right. A man standing there, God representing Himself in human flesh... Jesus said it would be the same thing at the coming of the Son of man: God in His church---you, me---representing Himself. Now, there was a little woman...

```
Genesis 18:10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.

Genesis 18:13 And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?

Genesis 18:15 Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh.

Luke 17:30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.

```
**102** When God was in Christ He had the Spirit fully. He was God. I'm just one of His servants, and you're just one of His servants. We have the Spirit by measure. He had it without measure. In Him dwelt the fullness of the Godhead bodily. In me is just a little gift, and in you is a gift of it. But no matter how little it is, it's the same Spirit. Now, if that is the Spirit of God it will do the works of God. Now you pray and say, "Lord Jesus, a little woman one time touched His garment." And we say, over here in the New Testament... He said in Hebrews, He said, 'He is a high priest right now, that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities.' " How many knows that's the Bible? Say, "Amen." Sure. Well, that's got to be true.

```
Matthew 9:20 And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:

Colossians 2:9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.

Hebrews 4:15 For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.

```
**103** Well, if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, how would He answer you? Same as He did yesterday, if He's the same today. Now, you pray and say, "Lord Jesus, let me touch your garment. And then, You give Brother Branham a little gift to encourage us. And he don't know me. I'm sitting way back here [and over here, and down here and wherever] . I'm sit ... he don't know me, but You know me. "And let me see your great Spirit, Lord. Not that I have to do it, but just to help encourage me, and the rest of them because we have read the Word. Let me touch your garment, then You speak right back. Let me be used tonight, Lord, for that purpose, and it'll show the whole audience that You're still alive." Wouldn't that be wonderful if He'd do that?

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**104** Now you just kind of pray, you yourself, quietly. Say, "Lord, let me touch your garment." Now I'll yield myself to the Spirit, and then may the Holy Ghost do the rest, because now I've talked ---testified---but I can't do no more now. I'm at the end of my road. I just watch the audience to see if I... I have to see it, you know. You understand that. Back to my left, way back, about middle ways back of the building, is a woman praying. She's fixing to die, if God doesn't help her. She has cancer, and the cancer is on her breast. Oh, may she not miss it. Help me, O Lord. Sister, if you will believe (she's going to miss it)... Lord Jesus, help us, we pray. Mary May? There you are. Are we strangers to one another? I don't know you; you don't know me. Was that the condition? Is what ... was everything was said was true? Then believe. It'll be over.

**105** Now from the darkness that was over her, it's light. Just as sure as that boy, the epilepsy stayed away from him, the same God, the one that was up there in the North Woods, is the same God here. Just keep believing. Amen. "If thou canst believe..." Here it is over a woman sitting here in front of me. She's got something wrong in her back. It's a disc out, in her back. She isn't from here; she's from Montana. Her name is Miss Stubbs. Stand up, receive your healing in the name of Jesus Christ. You don't have to press. Relax. The big fellow sitting here looking at me, doing like that. Believe. You'll get well. Got nervous trouble. If you believe it, God will make you well.

```
Mark 5:36 As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.

Mark 9:23 Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.

```
**106** The lady with female trouble. Believe it and you can get well. Go back home, and have faith in God. Why did I say go back home? You'd have to go back to New Mexico to get there, Mr. and Mrs. Watkins. Now you know I don't know you. Amen. The lady right behind you with that ulcer on the leg, Miss Brown, will you believe that God will heal you? You look so interested. Now you know I never seen you in my life. On the left leg. Now you believe with all your heart, and you'll get well. A lady's trying to move, and she has arthritis. It's bothering her bad. Mrs. Fairhead. You believe with all your heart, and you'll get well. Now you know I've never seen you in my life. Amen. Do you believe with all your heart now? Now what will He do? He will take the things that I have told you and will show them to you. And then He will show you things that is to come. You see what I mean? Do you believe Him? Now let's bow our heads again.

```
John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

```
**107** Now, you that know that if you would pass away from this life tonight, that you'd be ... wouldn't be ... you'd be gone, you're not born-again... "Except a man be born again he cannot even see the kingdom." Why don't you come right here, stand here and let us pray for you, right here just a minute? Will you come right now, in the presence of this Spirit? You'll never see anything happen greater until you see the coming of the Lord. Now just remember. Surely I know what I'm speaking of, or He wouldn't grant the ministry. Don't let it pass you now. Are you sincere? Would you come? If not, then between you and God, it lays. I am innocent. I'm clean of all blood because I have told you the truth, I've preached you the Word. I've told you what He was, and He... When He come, He proved what He was then; and He lets me prove what He is now. He's the same as He was then. Do you believe it?

```
John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**108** Then, how many sick is in here then, others that's here that's sick? Raise up your hands. Now, put your hands over on one another, and let's pray the prayer of faith for you. Now I want to ask you something, quietly. If God ... if God can come and do that miracle... A miracle is something that cannot be explained. Now if you wish to question any of these people around, go question them, any time of anywhere, see. Just remember, it is God. This here is just amateur visions. What's doing that? It's you, yourself. You're the one that's doing that.

**109** You see, when that woman touched His garment, He said virtue went out of Him. But when the Father showed Him about Lazarus, and He went away and come back, and raised up Lazarus from the dead, He never said virtue... That was God using His own gift, and the other was a woman using God's gift. I am not God's gift. Jesus Christ is God's gift. It's just a gift that He gave me, that I was born that way with the subconscious and the conscious (first conscious) right together. You don't go to sleep; you just see it. The Holy Spirit comes upon the subconscious just like it does on the first conscious. If it come on your subconscious, you'd have a spiritual dream. If it comes upon mine, I don't dream. I just look there and see it, see. And we're born ... you can't make yourself anything different. You're born that way, see. Gifts and callings are without repentance. What is it to do? To manifest Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

```
Mark 5:30 And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press, and said, Who touched my clothes?

Luke 8:46 And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.

John 11:11 These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.

Romans 11:29 For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**110** With your hands laid on one another... I trust that you'll put your heart in God's care right now. "Lord, search me. Have I become so numb by the things of the world, that I'm failing to see this great hour that's passing by?" You know, that's the way it's always been. It went right through the church, and they never knowed it. That's history. Don't let it pass, friends---to see a word proven over and over, see the Word of God manifested, and the very person of Jesus Christ come right in among this people, and do exactly the way He did before.

**111** Heavenly Father, I feel now, Lord, that your Word was read. The testimony was given. The Holy Spirit came down and vindicated that Word and the testimony. Now it's in the hands of the people, Lord. It lays in their lap. There's nothing else that I know to say. And I don't know of anything else you wrote in the Word that You would do, because You've already healed them. It's just to make them to believe it. And you doing a thing like this, and how can we doubt any longer? How could we permit Satan to numb our conscience any longer? Satan, I pronounce this healing upon these people, and say to you, "I adjure thee in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, get out of here. Come out in the name of Jesus Christ, and let this people go." Now if you believe Him, stand on your feet. Do you believe? Raise up to your feet then, and give God praise. Raise up and believe it; don't doubt it no more. In the name of Jesus Christ, let the Holy Spirit bring joy, power, resurrection, life to this people, Lord. Give Him praise now, and bless His holy name. We love Him, we praise Him, we adore Him---the matchless One, the eternal One, the Son of the living God. In His name, receive Him. He's here. Amen.
