---
Date: 1963-04-21
Title: Victory Day
DayOfTheWeek: Sunday
Location: the House Meeting in Sierra Vista, Arizona, U.S.A
Duration: 1 hour and 54 minutes
Author: William Branham
---

# Victory Day



**1** You can be seated if you will. I want to express my gratefulness to God for the privilege of being here, and to meet fellow citizens of the Kingdom of God. While you people have gathered out here this morning in this brother's home to have some fellowship together, it kind of reminds me of the early Church. The way Christianity first started out was, the Bible said, from house to house. "They met, and broke the Bread with singleness of heart." And that's what we want to have this morning while we're here, is singleness of heart, one purpose. One thing that we're trying to achieve, and that is to fulfill the plan of God for our lives, while we're here on earth. And perhaps maybe God, many thousands of years ago, that is by His infinite wisdom, knew that we would be here this morning, and would be back here on this prairie, or desert here, in the little building. He knew that thousands of years ago.

```
Acts 2:46 And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,

```
**2** Now, we met some of our friends that was coming over this morning from Tucson, the Stricker family. And they'd had a generator to go bad in their car. We gathered up what we could get to bring them along, the lady here and the children. And they're coming on a little later if they can get their generator fixed. It was some little crossroads out here. I don't know where it was at. But we're happy to be here. And now Brother Isaacson here, and we hardly know each other, no more than just we know that we're brothers in Christ. And we have had times of fellowship together. And I believe our first meeting was at up in Phoenix, years ago. And if his wife is present, I wouldn't know her. Now that's how well we're acquainted, to know who his wife is, or his family. Coming in I met one of our colored brethren standing at the door---a very fine fellow with a handshake, you know. Made you kind of feel like you was just so welcome, you know, to come in and to be among this crowd like this this morning. It gives me a privilege.

**3** And now, I've had the privilege of speaking in many crowded areas where they would have ... maybe thousands times thousands of people would gather. But I ... the memorials of my ministry is times like this, when there's maybe a dozen or two sitting together. Seemingly that God deals closer to people, I think we feel more acquainted, and ... as we assemble in small gatherings. Seems like where God's Word is so eminent to us is when we... He said, "Wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in their midst." Last night, near midnight, I was just assembled with ... in a home where there was a man and his wife and a young girl, who was losing her mind over a little affair that had taken place. And while we were assembled together, just the young lady and I in a room, 'cause the things that had to be said that was ... I'd rather we'd been together. And there came this light, this angel of the Lord, and assembled right over where we were at, showing that God keeps His promise.

```
Matthew 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

```
**4** And yesterday, where there was a young man of twenty-two years old of a very prominent family, had taken the mumps, and the mumps had fell on him... And many of you adults know what that is, especially in the male ... males. It really just almost kills them. And this boy, for several days, right on two weeks, had been running a fever of a hundred and five. Now you know that's in the stroking condition there. And the doctors had just simply played out all they'd had with penicillin, and everything, to strike that fever for that infection. But seemed like it didn't take any effect. But in one minute's time before God, every speck of the fever left the young man. He rose up well. And just goes to show the main person is Christ. That's what we're here this morning in this home, is to serve Christ upon this sabbath day.

**5** I've looked forward for the time of coming here, meeting with our precious brother, and you people. I have received your tithings that the brother has sent me many times, from this little gathering out here. And such treasures as that, I hold very sacred to my own being, because I know that I have to answer some day from where it went from there. And I certainly want to appreciate ... do appreciate, and want to express my gratefulness of the loyalty of you people, of this thought that you have did, knowing that the tithings that you have, (and meeting in houses like this), and yet want what little you have to go, to the best of your knowledge, to the support of the ministry. Then from there on, I have to be responsible for it. And I want to be a good steward to our Lord, when I have to answer at that day, for what we've did on earth.

**6** Now there's one thing, back here we're not be bothered too much with the roar of traffic. And that's good. And so now, I just hardly know how to say this, but I wish we were holding a revival back here where we'd have several days of it. Because this way, you just come in and say, "How do you do. I'm glad to meet you," and speak a few moments about the Lord, and gone again. (I'm supposed to be in Tucson at one thirty) And how that we just meet here like that, and shake one another's hands, and say, "How do you do. Glad to have met you," and take off. But, you know, I think of a day when we will meet where we won't say, "goodbye." We won't say, "It's nice to see you. Hope you come back again." Where we would count here maybe a couple hours together, there we can ... we might sit down and talk for a million years, if there's such a thing as time. And we ... won't be any less time than was when we sat down, see. It's just Eternity. There's no end to it. And to think of the time that we're out, and like that ... and when we'll walk down through the corridors of God's great paradise, and the angels singing anthems and...

**7** Now is the time where we have to fight to win the battle, and to overcome the things of the world. And there, won't be any fight. The last prayer will be made. They won't have to have prayer meetings no more. There'll be no more place for people to get saved. There'll be no sickness to be healed. And, it'll just be one great glorious thing. What could we ... as human beings this morning what could we promise? What could we look at, anything that'd be any greater than looking to that Promise of that time, see.

**8** We think of here... I look at the changing of the ages: from little nursing babies on their mother's laps, to the little school boys, the teenage girls and boys, and then the middle age, and then the elderly, see. And the school boy, last year was on his mother's lap a nursing baby, see. And the teenage entered school just last year, seemingly. And the middle age was a teenage, and then the old age just on, see. It's just like a vapor that flies into the earth and falls away. Solomon said, I believe it was, it's like a flower. It rises up and then it's cut down, and wastes away. And we want to make benefit of what time we're here.

**9** So now let us speak to Him now as we bow our heads in prayer. And if there would be anyone here that would like to be remembered in prayer, for instance like being sick, or have need, if you would just make it known to God in your heart. Say, "Now, Lord, I've entered to ask in this petition..." And if you would just, so I would know, kind of ... if you'd just raise your hand up, and just like I say, "Remember me." The Lord bless you richly.

**10** Almighty God, who formed the heavens and the earth by thy Word, we have assembled here this morning, to speak of this Word, and of the great One who is the Word. We thank Thee for this grand privilege of coming back at the backside of the desert. It was there, one day, where a burning bush drawed the attention of a runaway prophet. And there he was commissioned anew, and was sent, which became a great deliverer of the people of that day, of God's heritage that was in bondage. O great God, won't You come to the backside of the desert this morning with us? As we know, You're in great cathedrals, and around the world. But knowing that You are the infinite God, and there's no place too small, or no place... Or no matter how well we're scattered across the face of the earth, yet, You're omnipresent, can be everywhere at all times. We thank Thee for this.

**11** And in this assembly this morning, we thank Thee for our brother and his little flock here, and for their courage and loyalty to the cause that ... of God in the earth today, and we ask Your blessings upon them. And may ... as long as there is a desiring heart for Christ, may there always be a messenger somewhere, to bring the Message to that hungry heart. And we pray, heavenly Father, for the need of those people who raised their hands just now. You know what was pulsating under their hand, around their heart. They had a need. If it's sickness, Lord, You, who taken Paul Sharrit (that was just spoke of), just a matter of hours ago, when he was laying between death and life with a raging fever that all the medical science could not stop... And yet, one small word of prayer stopped the fever immediately. You're Jehovah God. Show that You're just as well-represented, and just as real today, here on the backside of this desert as You was the days with Moses, at the backside of the desert there.

**12** We thank Thee because I know that You will hear prayer. And we come to Thee most humbly and most sincerely, knowing that it would be wrong to ask You things that we're just imagining in our mind. We want to be earnest, and dead sure that what we're asking, we must believe it, and know that it is God's will to give it to us, because we have solved it out in our hearts with all we know, Lord. So I pray that You'll heal every sick person that's here this morning. Save every one that's lost. Grant it. May something be said or done today that will cause them in the place where they're seated or standing around the walls, or wherever it may be, that the anchoring faith of God will move into their hearts and that'll settle it once for all. Grant it, Father. Bless the brother that's let us have the home here for the service. Now speak to us through thy Word, for that's why we're here, Lord. We love to fellowship with each other, but yet it's You that we want, Lord. We can go out under the tree somewhere and sit down and talk with each other. But here, we are assembled to find favor with You. Won't You meet with us now, Lord? We pray it will open a seed in our heart; that You'd be throned today to talk to us, and tell us of the needs that we have; and Your love expressed to us as we express our love to You. This we ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen.

**13** There ... if there's someone back in there that wants to sit down, I see some chairs here, that you could be assembled, and want to be more comfortable. Now, these times that we're living in is tremendous times. And yesterday while I was thinking of what would I say today, knowing I've looked forward to coming down here, and what would I say when I come down to the little prayer meeting? And I asked the Lord to help me. And I picked up a few notes on a Scripture here that I'd like to express to you people this morning, while we're waiting for the Lord's blessings. And we pray now, that you'll open your heart, and understand the least, faintest, little knock of Christ at the heart. Remember you ... if you're not a believer, and never have accepted Christ yet, this will be... The grandest thing that ever happened to you will be gathered in this home this morning---that when that knock come to your heart, if you'll accept it, it's a door to Life. To turn it away is death. And that's why we're here this morning, to show to you that there is an open door to every believer that can believe.

**14** Now, I want to read from the book of the Revelation of Jesus Christ, the 15th chapter. I want to read a portion, the first four verses of the 15th chapter of the book of the Revelation. And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having ... seven last plagues; for in them is filled up with the wrath of God. And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stood the sea of glass, having ... harps of God. And they sang the song of Moses a servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints. Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: and all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.

```
Revelation 15:1 And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.

Revelation 15:2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.

Revelation 15:3 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.

Revelation 15:4 Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.

```
**15** And if the Lord will, I would like to take a text from that to call it a "V-Day," "Victory Day," as we symbolize that a complete victory. These people that in the chapter that we're ... have just read, had just gotten the victory. I think that the word "victory" is a great word in the English language. It means that you have defeated the enemy, and you've overcome and you are a victor, holding victory. And we sing songs and cheer a victory. And here we find that there was something these people had come to---this sea of glass and mingled with fire. And they'd gotten the victory over the beast, over his image, over the mark, and the letter of his name. All these things, they had gotten the victory over them, and were victors standing on the other side, on the sea of glass mingled with fire, singing the songs of praise to almighty God.

```
Revelation 15:2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.

Revelation 15:3 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.

```
**16** Now, to speak of victory, and V-Days and so forth, it brings us back to the thought of war, when we think of V-Day. Because just recently, in the last few years, we come to a day that we called V-Day of the war, where they'd gotten the victory over the enemy. And it's too bad that we have to think it, but the world has been soaked with human blood ever since the blood of righteous Abel. The first human blood to strike the earth was righteous Abel. And he ... the reason he had to shed his blood was because that... He had been right with God. And God had accepted his atonement that he had, by faith had offered to God---this lamb.

```
Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:

Genesis 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

Genesis 4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.

```
**17** And his jealous brother, being jealous of him, slew righteous Abel. And that same reason has just about caused the shedding of all human blood upon the face of the earth. And the old earth is certainly soaked with it, of all across the world, human blood. With ... there's a reason for that. There's some reason that they would be ... that this human blood was shed. And we find that the first reason was because of jealousy, that Cain was jealous of Abel because that God accepted Abel's sacrifice. And Hebrews 11 tells us, that Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain, and God testifying by it; and Cain, 'course, being jealous of this, because his sacrifice was rejected and Abel's accepted. And Abel did this by faith. The Bible said that he did this by faith, seeing that ... the two boys trying to find favor with God, to come back, because they knowed that they were just fresh from the garden of Life. And they had fell on the other side by the transgression of their parents. Had made them subjects to death, just like we all stand this morning subjects to death, and they wanted to know how to get back into that place where they could find Life again. And in doing so, they were trying to find favor with God. And Cain offered a beautiful sacrifice of flowers, and the fruits of the field, or whatever it was he put upon the altar.

```
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

Hebrews 11:4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

```
**18** But Abel, by spiritual revelation, revealed to him, that it was not the fruit of the field that caused the death; it was blood that caused the death. So he offered back blood of an innocent substitute, and God accepted it. And that has been God's propitiation for our sins ever since that very day. No other way, because if He'd accepted on any other basis, then we'd've had to come to that basis to be ... to find favor with God. But God accepted only the innocent blood of an innocent subject, see. And therefore, if the beauty and the big places would have been God's acceptance today, we would have wondered: "Would He come back on the backside of the desert to this little home sitting here by the railroad track? Would He have come back here and meet with us?" But if it had been a great cathedral, or the beauty that Cain offered, why, we'd find we'd just been talking to ourselves, and to the air. But God came on the basis of the shed Blood. So, no matter, today, how small we are, how poor we are, or how much we would like to be ... offer to God a greater place... But God wouldn't accept it no more than He will right now, because we're coming on the basis of the shed Blood of an innocent substitute, which is Christ dying for us sinners.

```
Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering:

```
**19** Now, the reason that this Blood has been shed, is because, I believe, that man wants to... God invites man to look; but man wants to show himself. Man wants to look at what God is trying to show him on the basis of his own idea about it, see. God's trying to show man something, but the man wants to accept it upon what he ... the way he looks at it. But it's just like anyone wanting to show a scene. There's got to be a reason to show this scene. If you say, "Look yonder at the mountain," now there's something there that's struck your attention, that you're trying to ask me to look at that mountain, see. Or, "Look at this tree." See, there's something about that tree that you want me to see. Now, God is trying to get man to look to That innocent substitute for a way back. And man wants to look at it in his own way. He don't want to see what God is trying to show him in This innocent substitute. Therefore, that's what's caused the trouble. Then, when man does, as it was, picks up the glasses to view off in a long distance, to see what God's trying to show him, he fails to focus his glasses right.

**20** Here on the road, not long ago, coming from a trip up in the mountains, someone was ... said, "Here, take these glasses and look over here at a certain thing." Well, I picked up the glasses. I saw three or four different objects. Now, you see, I knowed that there was something wrong with that, see. Now this antelope standing in the field, there seemed to be three or four of them standing together. Now, what it was, the antelope was just perfectly one antelope. The glass was all right. But what I had to do, was to draw that focus till I got all three of the antelopes into one, and made one antelope, see. And then that ... see, behind me, I knew there was to be one antelope, because that's what I was told. But to pick up the glass and look through it, I saw, say, three antelopes standing there. Well, the glass was out of focus. I have to focus that glass back, till I get it into a place to where I see the one antelope. And then, the glass draws it close enough to me until I can see what it looks like.

**21** Now, God gives us the Bible. Now, the Bible is the Word, and the Word is God. So that is our binoculars; that's our glasses. But now, when we go to looking in the Bible, and seeing four or five different ways, well, it needs focusing, you see. And we got to bring the thing into the place where we see the one solemn purpose for God. But man wants to start an organization. Run this way, and the other one wants to... "Well, I don't... Well, I think I can be a bigger fellow than him, so I'll start over here. And we'll school our boys better. And we'll do this," and so forth. See, they fail to get the glass in focus. God wants them to see one thing, and that's the innocent Blood that was shed for their sins. That's exactly. That's the real thing, no matter... We don't need an organization. I have nothing against them, only they ... the damage that they do to pull people out and separate brotherhood and things.

**22** But we only need to look at one thing, and that's our Substitute. That's right. And that substitute is Jesus Christ. And then, today you see how we are twisted out in organizations. And, they say "The Methodists is having a revival." Of course that don't mean the Baptists; that's the Methodists. And these are having a revival, and so forth, and they cut the other fellow out all the time. But we don't want to see it that way. We want to keep pulling that focus until we find out that there is one God. When you see three of them out there, you better focus the glass a little better, see. You're seeing something wrong. So you better bring it in, and find out there's one God over us all, and He's the God of the human race.

**23** And if He's God at all, He's interested in every human being, because it's his creation. And He's interested in the children, He's interested in the old-aged, and the middle-aged. He's interested in the colors of us---and the white, the brown, the black, the yellow, the different shades of our skins from the country that we come from in our forefather. He's interested in all of us. He's just not interested in the Jews alone, or in the yellow race, black race, white race, whatever it is. He's interested in the whole human race; and trying to get the human race to focus his Word down to one thing, and say, there is one God. And that God give an innocent substitute by coming ... becoming Himself man, in order to take away sin, to save the whole human race. John, the prophet, so beautifully illustrated, "Behold the lamb of God, that takes away the sin of the world." Whosoever ... the whole sin problem is, settled right there in that one innocent substitute.

```
John 1:29 The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.

```
**24** But the ... when man begins to get ahold of God's binoculars here, he begins to ... he looks at so much of the natural he fails to see the spiritual application that the Word gives. Now you see, that's one of the great things that man does when he tries to look, because he looks like Cain looked through the glasses. He looked at a personal achievement. Cain thought, "Now, if I can get Abel out of the way, then I'm the only one." Then see, the other fellow's out of the way. That's what man has tried to do down through the years, is try to get the other fellow out of the way---when he ought to be trying to bring the other fellow in the way with him, and be a brother, you see, instead of trying to say, "Oh, that little group,"---just rake them out, and this over here. "Oh, well, they are this, or that," see. We shouldn't do that. We should be trying to bring the whole thing to one per ... one solid picture: and that is Jesus Christ.

**25** A young lady last night, in an interview, she said, "But," she said... A minister's daughter had some kind of a little love affair, and she'd lost her mind about it. And she'd gone ... breakdown. A very beautiful young woman, and about twenty-three years old. And when she was a little girl, of about twelve she was in Chicago. And sitting in the meeting (or Elgin it was), and sitting in the meeting, the Holy Spirit went out through the audience and called her, who she was, and said, "You've got a murmuring heart. The doctor says you can't live to fifteen years old. But, thus saith the Lord, you're healed." And she had never even felt a heart trouble since. And last night she had a different type of a heart trouble. It was a spiritual heart trouble. Her lover had run off and married some other woman. And yet she was still in love; and this boy telling them that he was in love yet with her, and his father had caused it. I said, "Oh, nonsense! He didn't have to marry the other girl. He did it because he failed to have the right kind of love for you." That's exactly.

**26** But, see, being all wound up into that, the girl sat there in a ... in such a stoop, like that. She said, "Oh, I know Johnny loves me. I know..." See. That's all she could see. She lived in that one little world by herself. She'd formed herself in there. And I took ahold of her hand. I said, "Listen to me." And the Lord showed a vision, you see, that she knowed I knowed nothing about. Something had taken place---some transaction between them. And when that was said, then that snapped her right quick. I said, "Now, while you're out of there, look to Calvary. There... You're going out here, and started trying to drinking---a minister's daughter, a Pentecostal minister's daughter---and doing the things that you're doing, trying to drown that sorrow. That man is somebody that don't care the snap of their finger for you." I said. "Look yonder to Calvary, girl. That's the only way back."

**27** We've got to get ourselves focused to whether we live or die, sink or drown, it's Calvary, Christ. That's the thing that God wants us to come back to. And man, in the focus of God's word... Instead of bringing it together, and making it say the one thing that God makes it say, we look at the natural side. Therefore, it ... man doing that, he gets himself into a place that he just takes off after the thing that's presented. Here's an opportunity that we ... us little group, we can do this, and we can... We won't have nothing to do with the rest of them, and that... See, that's the first thing that's presented, instead of focuses in to know that it's brotherly love that we should have for one another, and to understand one another, and to love one another, and to worship with one another. They degrade a man because of his clothes he wears, or the education he has, or the color of his skin, or something like that; or his... And that, therefore, it separates the people. And man takes off after that.

**28** It never gives the inward man a chance to operate. Now, we are a triune being: soul, body, and spirit. Now, but one of ... the natural mind... The two spiritual forces that works in you is your mind and your spirit, see. Now, the natural mind, that's highly polished, will try to achieve something by his intelligence, see. And when he does that, the very thing... When he does that, he throws himself away from the spiritual man that's in him. And there ... what causes the trouble, right there, see. He tries to make it out in himself.

**29** As I spoke here, not long ago---I believe it was at the Tabernacle---that God is so great, He can become so simple. Now see, when we get great, we can't be simple, see. We know too much. And we got to... Oh, it's just got to be this way, the way we say it, or it isn't at all, see. Well, that way we miss God. But, if a man could ... a great man could just get greater, and greater, and keep on getting greater, what would he do? He'd just become right straight back again to so humble, and so simple, till people'd walk over the top of him, and not know it, see---the great person that's in their midst. Just the same thing as we do: We measure a electron, we split an atom, and we send a message to the moon; and walk over common grass that we know nothing about. That's right. The little flower, no one can explain, or can find the life that hides in that little seed down in the earth, to bring forth the flower next year. A common blade of grass, all the scientists in the world couldn't make one sprig of the grass, not one blade, see. You can't do it because it holds life. And therefore, see, we...

**30** It's been said, "Fools walk with hobnailed shoes where angels fear to trod," and that's really true. We walk over the simple things. We walk over God. We walk over an orchid, looking for a daisy. Now that's it, see, walking over the orchid. And if we just simplify ourselves, get down, and... No one could look at even that vine out there. What is it? God. What is it? It's volcanic ash, with a life in it. Turn, look away. There's a mighty tree standing there---cottonwood, I believe. What is it? It's volcanic ash, with a different kind of life in it. This kind of life made a tree; that kind of life made a vine, see. And what are we? Volcanic ash with life in it. What made us what we are? We would just be no more than that. But God put eternal life in us. And then we become subjects of God. Then we're watching---focus the Word, then, to God.

**31** But man never gives the inside man a chance to explain what is right. Therefore, that's what causes the trouble. Watch, we find ... if he doesn't do it, then what happens. We find that his temper, like Cain, got up, see, right quick. He was jealous. He didn't like God to offer his ... to accept (Cain's) Abel's sacrifice instead of his. He wanted to go to ... he wanted his own sacrifice. He wanted his own way, see. Instead of coming over to Abel and saying, "Oh, my brother, I am so happy that God has accepted. Now we got a way that we know that Jehovah accepts this way, because He's proved it by receiving your sacrifice." Wouldn't that have been the thing to have done? But instead of that, he got jealous.

**32** Now, don't you see that same thing today in man, see? That's just his way, see. Now, instead of accepting the way that God vindicates to be truth; the way that God himself moves upon the scene, and says, "This is it. These signs shall follow them that believe. I'll be with you even in you. A little while, and the world won't see me no more; yet you'll see me, for I'll be with you even in you." See, the world, you ... "The world won't see me, but you will," see. "Cain won't see Me, but you will, Abel." You see? Because it's the same thing. And instead of coming and saying, "Well, wonderful. We see God in the midst of the people working. Let's do that." No, sir! With creed (the same thing), and greed rather, and with jealousy---the same thing that Cain has---he requires the blood of his brother. He tries to wipe him out of the way, get rid of him. "They're nothing but a bunch of holy rollers. They're little...", see. You know what I mean. That's what starts the trouble. There's where trouble begins. That's where the broken vows... There's where broken fellowship separates. That's the thing that breaks up homes. That's the thing that starts the wheel moving towards divorces. That's the very thing that breaks the fellowship.

```
Matthew 28:20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mark 6:17 For Herod himself had sent forth and laid hold upon John, and bound him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife: for he had married her.

John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

```
**33** That's the thing that broke the fellowship in Eden, is because that Eve failed to keep the focus of her looking on God's word, and listened to the reasonings of the enemy, see. See? If she'd just stayed right with, "God said so, that settles it. God said so." But she didn't want to do that, see. She changed the focus of her glass and began to see instead of being just one way, there become two ways, see. She saw, "Well now, maybe this man could be right. Maybe he is right. Now we know God is right; and maybe he's right. This is just more light on what God said." You see there? There's the same thing happens today, exactly right back to the same spot, see. You see two ideas; there's only one. There's not no creed, it's the Word. It's God's word, God's purpose, God's plan. All other plans are no good. That ... and Eve did this evil thing. And that's the reason today that God, in his Word never permits women to be ministers, see. It's just not permitted in the Word.

**34** This morning in our home we were talking, and sitting at the breakfast table early. We had to ... wanted to start, so we'd get here on time, and get back to the other appointment. So we ... I said ... We was talking at the table, and we was talking about... The word come up about angels. My little boy, Joseph, sitting there, said something about angels. And he said, "Now, daddy," he said, "the angels..." And I said, "God is a man." But said, "The angels are women." I said, "There is no such a thing," see. He said, "Well, they got..." Sarah, my daughter said, "But, daddy," said, "they got skirts on." Said, "They're women." I said, "That's some psychologist drawed that picture."

**35** There is ... never did see in the Bible an angel called she. It was he. Always he, he, he. Not she. There's no such a thing as an angel being a woman. There never was in the Bible; and there's not in the church of the living God. There's no a such thing as a messenger woman. An angel is a messenger. So God never permitted it because the Bible says, "Adam was first formed, and then Eve." And, "Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression," see. Therefore, she said... Paul said, "I suffer not a woman to teach, or have any authority, but to be in silence, as also saith the law."

```
1 Timothy 2:12 But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.

1 Timothy 2:13 For Adam was first formed, then Eve.

1 Timothy 2:14 And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.

```
**36** Now in that, you see ... Now, like our Pentecostal groups---it's the grass root of that, see. What they do, they get the focus... Well, now here: Here's a woman can preach like a lightning. Well, that's no doubt at all, absolutely. I've heard some women preachers could preach, that men couldn't even stand in their shadow in doing it. But that doesn't have one thing to do with what's righteous, see. It doesn't have one... Paul said, "If one speaks in tongues, and there be no interpreter, then let him hold his peace." He said, "I can't hold my peace." But the Bible said you can, see. So that's it, see. It must be done in order, placed in order---put in its place, and there remain ever in its place. See, there you get out of focus. That causes hard feelings, greed, and so forth. Instead of focusing ourselves back with the Word, we focus ourselves out, and, see, "Well, let them do what they..." See what I mean? All right.

```
1 Corinthians 14:28 But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.

```
**37** Now, we find that it breaks up the fellowship of homes. It breaks up the fellowship of churches. It breaks up the fellowship of nations, that same thing. Nations wants to see their own way. Germany wants to see their way alone; Russia wants to see their way alone; America wants to see her way alone, see. Then it ... see, that's it. It's the spirit of the nations. You find it. Wherever you go you find a national spirit. I went in... And they have different ways. It's so strange. If I had the time, I'd just like to skip through some of the nations and show you. When you go into Germany, you find a military spirit. Everything's military. You have to stand straight, walk straight, cut your corners, and everything. It's military. You go into France, you find a immoral spirit---just women, and wine, and liquor, and stuff like that, see.

**38** You go into Finland, you find a loyal spirit---kind of like everything is honest, we must pay off everything, see. It must be done. It's got to be that way. No matter how hard they have to work, what it costs, it must be that way. You come into America, you find a big "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!" That's what it is. That's the American spirit. Somebody tell a dirty joke on the radio, and everybody laugh at it ... Ernie Ford, or some of them, cracking jokes that they have, you know, everywhere. Arthur Godfrey and that group, like that, see, that's American spirit. You find it that way.

**39** And then those spirits get jealous of another spirit. And what do they do? They cause war. That's right. Now, you see, every nation is controlled by Satan. The Bible said so. He's the God of the nations. Satan took Jesus up top the mountain, and said ... showed Him all the kingdoms that was in the world, all the kingdoms, in a moment of time, and said, "These are mine. I do with them anything I want to." Said, "I'll give them over to You, if You'll worship me." Jesus said, "Get behind me, Satan." He knew He was going to fall heir to them in the millennium, see. So He didn't have to bow down to him. He knowed there was going... Now, when God comes again, and makes his kingdom here, see, there will not be any different kinds of spirit---a German spirit, and a French spirit, and a Norwegian spirit, and American spirit. There won't be that. It'll be one Spirit (Amen!), the Spirit of God, living in every heart. That's right. And there'll be one flag, one nation, one people, a brotherhood, a fatherhood of God, and a brotherhood of man, sonship. Yes.

```
Matthew 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:5 And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

Luke 4:6 And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

Luke 4:7 If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

```
**40** Then we find that because that people do this, and cause these great fusses, and so forth... Now, see, as long as Satan controls it, there's going to be wars, and troubles, and wars. Jesus said (in St. John) in St. Matthew 24 said, "You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, and wars, and wars." Why? Because the prince of the earth, the Satan, the power of the nations... There's a national spirit here, a national spirit here. It's devils. They can't get along with one another, see. Did you ever take a bunch in the Eskimo country up there, where we go on dog sleds, northern Alaska, and way up around in the Northwestern Territory? When the guide there was tying off these dogs, called Huskies... And he'd tie one here, and one out there, and one over here. I said, "Why are you doing that for?" Said, "They are so full of the devil, they kill one another." See, just kill. That's all they think about. Well that's the devil, you see. He's a killer. He's just ... the nations just ... even devils fighting devils. See, they just fight one another. But God is all love, see. So you can't do nothing but love one another. So, you see the whole principle bases right back again to them spirits, exactly back to the beginning. Genesis is the seed chapter, and it produces everything, then, we have in the earth today.

```
Matthew 24:6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.

```
**41** Now we have wars and victories, great victories. One, nation will come in and beat down the other one and say, "Glory! We got the victory. We beat them up!" And then, the first thing you know, they become friends and shake hands, and have a trade between one another. And after awhile, it's another president, or another king will come in, or another ruler or another system. And first thing you know, here they are---their grandchildren are back with guns fighting one another again. Wars, and rumors of wars, and... This other one'll look over at the other one, "Now you'll serve me. You know I'm the victor, and you're the one that's out," and so forth. You just... As I once heard a remark, "God made man, and man made slaves." God didn't make man to rule over one another. God made man to be brothers (that's right), to be brothers---not to rule over one another. No superior race, no superior nation, no superior language. We have one language: heavenly. That's right. We have one brotherhood: that's man. That's man, no matter who he is.

**42** Why should we fight and kill one another? But they do it. Then sometimes a good nation, or a nation that's got a system in it, is trying to do right, and fighting for its rights. And the evil nation will come in over it. And then, here they'll take over this nation, become that... And then, back and forth, just changing, back and forth. The nations has had many ... many great national victories that they've tried, as they have tried to fight for their liberties, and what they hold for their own. And they have... As long as Satan controls them, they're going to continue to fight. But they have won many great victories---great victories. We could go back from the very beginning, and show where nation has ruled over nation, and the celebration of great victories, and so forth. Like in the first World War, when we had the first World War, when many of the nations come together and met on the grounds in Germany. And where Belgium, and different ones of the nations was fighting under the different flags was called World War I. Now, I ...

**43** there's two brothers sitting here, or three, maybe four of you that can remember that. I can remember it. I'm fifty-four. And I remember as a little boy, about nine, eight or nine years old, in nineteen-fourteen (let's see, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen), I was five years old when it broke out. I remember when they said there was going to be war. And my daddy was about twenty-two, and they had to send him to war. Oh, I couldn't think of that, sending my daddy to war. He'd come up the road. He was on a spring wagon, and had a... He'd went down to the store, which was several miles below us, and he had a sack of beans on there. And so I said... I picked up the beans. I thought, "If them ... come, starts any war, I'll hit them with this sack of beans, if they come," see. Now, they was a ... just the thought of war, my daddy having to go to war...

**44** Well, the trumpet sounded, and the "Buy your bonds," and so forth, as we all remember it. We'll go over and have this World War, and we'll settle it. And then, they'll organize (they organized what they called the League of Nations), and then, there's going to be a peace, eternal peace---that's all---no more war. In a merely little twenty years, we were right back in there again, just as hot as ever in another world war, see. Wars. Why? It's greed, jealousy, see. As soon as Kaiser Wilhelm left Germany, then some fellow come in by the name of Adolph Hitler, an Austrian, and got those people's minds all scattered up (which was demon inspired), that they could whip the world. And they... And there you was, see. It's devil against devil again, you see, like that. And the innocent subjects of those nations that... They just lead one another to war, to war, to war. And it's just been that way all along.

**45** Now ... now, we find out then, the next thing you know, another war come up. Now, again, the whole world went to war again with better instruments, and better planes, and bigger bombs. And they fought, and bled, and died, and starved, and froze, and everything else. War, war, war.

**46** Then there come a day, what we call the V-Day. There's where I drawed this text from, that V-Day, "Victory Day." That was the day that they took the victory; and where the armies took the victory over other armies---V-day. Now, there was a D-Day, and then there was a V-Day. The D-Day is when they went in to fight. The V-Day is when peace was signed---when Germany, and the rest of their allied nations and all, surrendered to the other nations. And what did we do? At V-Day we sang songs, we screamed, we throwed our hats in the air, we shot the guns in the air, we cried, we blowed whistles, we beat drums, we played music, we beat one another on the back. What was it? It was a victory! Oh, we had the victory! How these... Why, we felt, "We have won! We have won!" The flags went up, and the trumpets sounded, and... Oh, what a time we had! Victory, victory, victory! We won. And it was a great thing. It brought peace to the Christian nations, that's so-called. And, we had a little time of breathing. Some of the boys that was living come back home, and so forth. But many great ... them days has been, many of them, and great wars.

**47** But, you know, all along where there has been that kind of a battle fought, there has also been God's believing people has had many great V-Days, too. Oh, yes. There's been on both sides, where the glass has focused and went to the natural side with V-Days, also where it focuses into the Word, in the Scripture, it brings another V-Day sometimes. We've had many of them, great battles against our enemy. And God has had great men out here, standing at the front, who've been able to capture by the Spirit of God the thoughts of the people, and throw it into the kingdom of God down there, and come out victorious! We fight it every day. Every Christian fights a battle every day. We're in a warfare right now, going on constantly within us between right and wrong. Shall we receive it? What shall we do? Shall we bow to the world? Shall we give up this thought that we got?

**48** And if we see it, focus it, take it from Genesis to Revelation, she's "thus saith the Lord" each time, right down through there---we can't give it up. We can't compromise with the rest of them. We just can't do it. We've got to stay here, that's all. No matter how great the enemy is, and how much machinery he's got against us, and how many organizations, and how many of this, that, or the other. We ... yet, we have pulled this focus of God's Word till we find that there's one thing: and that's the blood of Jesus Christ. And He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Therefore, don't make any difference what anyone else says. They say, "The days of miracles is past. There's no such a thing as divine healing. There's no baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism in the name of Jesus Christ---that was for the disciples only.", and all these things. They try to focus off of it. Still it focuses right back to the Word. And nobody can say it's not there. That's right.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

```
**49** So, we're in a warfare. And God's heroes has always had warfare. And you, little church, remember back here, you're a part of that unit. You're an outpost back here. Now, you know what an outpost is. You should, by being some of it right here by you. So, you're an outpost back here to a place to keep up the banners, to do what's right, to still claim Jesus Christ is the only hope of the world. Not the Methodist church, the Baptist church, the Presbyterian idea, Catholic, or Jewish, or whatever it might be ---race, clan, or color---that's not it. It's Jesus Christ, see. He is the one. He is our victor. He is the one. He's the Chief Captain of the move. This is His orders. We got to carry out orders. How could you ever... Some of you boys served in the war. How could you ever... The captain give an order, and you turn around and do something backwards. Why, you'll mess the whole army up. That's right. You'll throw it into a riot. You've got to carry out the orders. The only way you can do it is focus it, and see the purpose, what it's all about. All right.

**50** We have had many great battles, spiritual battles. Many great V-Days that the Church has had. I mean the church, the body of Christ. I'm not talking about the organization system now. I'm talking about the Body of Christ. The Body of believers down through the ages has had may great V-Days. We talk about... We've had several wars, wars, and rumors of wars, and V-Days, and V-Days, and V-Days, and... It'll finally wind up into the great battle of Armageddon. That'll be the last of it. When she comes to the battle of Armageddon, that'll settle the whole thing. Just before the great millennium, Armageddon is to clean off the earth. She repurifies herself with this atomic blowing, and the volcanic ash, and things; sinks this soaked ... blood of men upon the earth, and sin, and crime. She sinks beneath the earth. The volcanic breaks out again, and renews, and cleans the earth for the great millennium. He cleans his church during that time for a people to live here. Amen. I say, I like that! Yes, sir. There's coming a time when it'll be great...

**51** Now great V-Days... We think of the times... Let's just go back. We got a few minutes now to think of some of the warriors. Let's go back and think of one of the... We could go way back. But, let's just go back as far as Moses. Moses had a time that he went down in a great warfare, because the church in itself had long forgotten victory. That's what's the matter with the church today. We've too long forgotten that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We forgot that God is a healer, can make the sick well. We forgot that the baptism of the Holy Ghost was poured out upon the disciples and given from generation to generation, for anybody, whosoever will, could come. We've forgotten that long, long ago.

```
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.

Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

```
**52** So had Israel forgotten. They'd become satisfied down in Egypt, and then become slaves. And now, here was Moses that went down with his own intellectual affair to ... or, intellectual achievement, to try to ... and under a military force to bring out Israel, and failed to do it. But just a word from God, on the backside of the desert boiled the whole thing up again. What happened to Moses? He got his glasses focused. God's only purpose wasn't to marry this beautiful Ethiopian colored girl back there, and to settle down, and have children, and raise his father-in-law's sheep. But his mission was to deliver the children of God out from under that bondage. That was his commission. That's what he was born for. And each one of us is born for something. We just wasn't put here for nothing. That mountain never happened out there just to be. That tree was put there for a purpose. Everything's for a purpose. It's got to serve. And we are here for a purpose. Maybe it's to testify to one person, and get them saved. And out of that might come a preacher who'll send a million souls to Christ.

**53** Look at Dwight Moody's conversion and many of those, you see. Just one little old woman, with a... Little old washwoman with a message on her heart to do something for God. And she rented an old livery stable and got a minister to come down and preach. And nobody but a little old boy, with hair hanging down his neck, and his daddy's suspenders on, went down there and knelt down at the altar that night---Dwight Moody that sent half a million souls to Jesus Christ. That woman had something to do. She ... it was for a purpose. She was made a washwoman for a purpose. Don't despise where God's got you, but serve your purpose. There's coming a great victory day, one of these days, where the battle is over.

**54** Now, notice, Moses ... he went down after he'd got his glasses focused, and seen that it was God's program, what he was to do. He went down. He fought hard. He had many great battles. But one of his great, trying battles, I'd like to bring it... When he had achieved, by showing signs and wonders, by different things that God had showed him, to speak the Word and it would become material, and happen. Same thing we have today. Speak the Word over the sick, and watch it heal, and do these other things that God's word spoke through human lips. "If you say to this mountain be moved, and don't doubt, but believe that what you said will come to pass, you can have what you've said." Jesus said so. Now we believe that, and hold to it, and take it, and believe it. And now, Moses had done that. And he'd got down there and God had proved to being with him. But after getting him all together, God...

```
Matthew 21:21 Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.

Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.

```
**55** It seems like the Christian life... If the fellow is not absolutely centered on Christ, the Christian life, seems like, holds so many disappointments. But those disappointments are God's divine will happening for us. Now it don't seem like it'd be that, but it's God's way of doing things. He lets us hit the river to see what we'll do. Moses led the children of Israel right in the path of duty, and Pharaoh's army behind him, and the dust boiling from half-a-million men in arms. And here was two million helpless Jews with nothing, standing there---men, women, children, and so forth. And the Red Sea had him cut off, the Dead Sea had him cut off. There was no place to go, see. But Moses had a V-Day when he prayed through. He went and began to cry out to the Lord. And the Lord said, "Why are you crying to me? I've commissioned you to do it. Speak to the children that they go on in the line of duty. [Amen! There you are.] Don't cry out to me. You're commissioned to take these people over there. Just speak to them that they go forward. Stay straight in the path of duty." Amen! What a courage that ought to be for the sick person. What a courage that ought to be for the backslider. Turn yourself around and start back. Stay in the line of duty. God's business to open up Red Seas. It's God's business. You just speak and move forward. That's all you have to do.

```
Exodus 14:15 And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:

```
**56** And Moses, that great V-Day, was at the sea down there. Oh, what a V-Day that was for Moses, and for the children of Israel who obeyed the voice of their prophet. When they spoke and went forward... Moses said, "Haven't I ... You've seen ten miracles already, and still you doubt?" And he started walking towards the sea with that stick in his hand. And God sent in a wind over the night and blowed that sea from one side to the other, and they walked across on dry land. A V-Day. Looky here, they stood even ... our text today said that they stood and "sang the song of Moses on the sea of glass mingled with fire," see. See, they sung... Moses, when he crossed over and he didn't know what to do, and he got over... Here come Pharaoh's army trying to impersonate the things that he was doing, carnal comparisons. And what happened? The sea fell in and drowned them, every one. And they saw the dead taskmasters. Miriam grabbed a tambourine and down the banks she went, beating this tambourine. And the daughters of Israel followed her, shouting, and beating tambourines and dancing. And Moses sung in the Spirit. If that ain't an old-time Holy Ghost meeting, I've never seen one. "These Egyptians that you look at today, you'll never see them again." Amen! What a day! It's all over. Some day there'll come another V-Day for the Christian, too. That's right.

```
Exodus 15:20 And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.

Revelation 15:2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God.

Revelation 15:3 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.

```
**57** Notice, Joshua had a V-Day at the river, too. Joshua had a V-Day at Jericho. He certainly did. There where he had crossed, he had a V-Day first at the river. There he is in the month of April. Probably a mile to cross Jordan it was, 'cause up on top of the mountains up there, there's snow melting. All over the plains, the river was spreading. No doubt the enemy would have said, "Now, God is quite a general, isn't He? Lead his army right up here to the time of Spring, when the river is its worst, when it's the worst time to cross, and then lead his army up here, and led them to cross!" No! God lets disappointments happen to show victory! Oh, if we could only see that! If you'd only see that these things that seems to be so burring you, and upsetting you, they are trials. They are things to stand still, focus your glasses on the Word of God and speak the Word, and then just walk forward. That's all there is to do it. We get to a time we say, "God, I don't know what to do. I'm up against it." Speak the word, "Lord, I believe," and just start walking forward. God does the opening up of the sea. You just keep walking, see.

**58** Now, we find out that Joshua, right at that time he prayed. And the Lord told him that ... what would happen. And he had a V-Day. He overcome. Then, when he overcome the river and got on the other side, what did he do? He put the ark, which the Word was in the ark, he put that first. Then the singers and so forth come behind it. But the ark went forth first. When Israel went to battle, the first thing went forth was singers, and singers went forth singing. Then they blowed trumpets and so forth. Then the ark moved up. Then when the ark moved up, then they set the ark down and the battle started. Notice. But now in this, when Joshua took the Word first, and put the Word first, he crossed down a... God had told him, "As I was with Moses, so I will be with you. I'll not fail you, I'll be with you. No man's going to stand before you all the days of your life. I'm going to be right there. Don't fear what's going to take place. I'll be right there." Then, what with a commission like that, what could Joshua do, but put the Word first? Amen. There you are. With a commission from God, put the Word first. And it brought a V-Day. Oh, it's got to come, that's all.

```
Joshua 1:5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

```
**59** He put the Word first, and what happened? The ark went down first to the water. And when it did the sea opened up, the river, rather, and they crossed over. Then what's he going to do after he gets over there? What's the next thing's going to take place? When he gets over there on the other side then he finds out they're all walled in because of the fear of him, when he comes over. But he met the Chief Captain one day, and he had another V-Day. He told him exactly what to do, and the walls of Jericho fell down. How is he going to do it? The natural man looking through the glass there says, "Now, here You brought me over here, and here I am. Look at the opposition. Why, they're all on the inside with their slings. If we ever get close to that wall, woe unto us. They got rocks laid in there, the big slings... They got spears, they got bows, they got everything laying in there. And they just..." But, see, Joshua put God first. And when he... It isn't how you're going to get there. That's up to God. Just keep on moving, follow the Word. He said, "March around seven days. And on the seventh day, march seven times. And at the last time around, sound the trumpets!" God's place to take the natural away, and the spiritual moved in, and the walls fell. And they went right straight up and took the thing. Yes, sir! God had a V-Day then.

```
Joshua 6:3 And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days.

Joshua 6:4 And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams' horns: and the seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow with the trumpets.

Joshua 6:5 And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.

```
**60** Abraham had a V-Day, after being promised so long for this child---God testing him for his love and his loyalty---to whose Seed we are if we believe God. And Abraham had a V-Day. When was it? The day that he left the land of the Shinar plains? Not exactly. He crossed over (that's right) the Euphrates, and come on this other side to sojourn. That was a good day. That still was a kind of a... But his main V-Day was up on Mount Jireh, when he got up there that day, when God give him the final test, when he had his only son. He said, "Now, Abraham, take him up there to that mountain and offer him up for a sacrifice. I've made you a father of nations. Here is... The only thing that you've got to make you a father of nations is through this son. And I want you to kill him." Oh, do you see it? Destroy everything. Destroy the very person. "Here you are, Abraham, you're about one hundred and fourteen, fifteen years old now. And you waited for twenty-five years for the baby. And now the boy's fifteen or sixteen years old. And I want you to take him up and kill him, so that I can make you a father of nations." Oh, my! Yes!

```
Genesis 22:2 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

```
**61** Abraham never moved. He never quivered at the Word of God. He said, "Yes, Lord. Here I go!" Picked up the wood, and took Isaac right up to the top of the hill, just exactly in obedience. Why? He put the commandment of God first. How is he going to be a father of nations, when he's only got one son, and over a hundred years old now? How did he do it? Because, this he said ... he perceived, that if God was able to give him Isaac as one from the dead, He could also raise him up from the dead again. Now friends, the God that has raised us from the things of the world and the corruption of this earth, can't He much more give us Eternal Life, and put us in a land where there's no death, see? We look at these little trials, and we think they're something. Why, they're nothing but little testing times, see? God tested Abraham. But when he got his V-Day is when he went up there in obedience to the Word.

**62** Like they say today... I know, I heard a minister awhile ago read Acts 2:38. But he missed out, see. He said, "Peter said that they must be baptized and then they would receive the Holy Ghost," failed to read the rest of it. Why? See, organizations fought the very thing. Now, you get the idea? See, why do you do that? What makes you bypass those things? If the Bible says that, read it right down the way it says it, and say the same thing the Bible says. That's when you've got your focus back right, see. Come back to what the Word says. Now, we find out that the... You get ... you're out of focus there.

```
Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

```
**63** Now, Abraham had had his focus right, because God said, "I'm going to make you a father of nations," when he was seventy-five years old, and Sarah sixty-five. And, he believed God. He ... what'd he do? He put his focus on what "thus saith the Lord" was. Yes, sir! And he walked right straight with that, what "thus saith the Lord" was. Day after day he walked, year after year he walked, confessing anything contrary to that wasn't right. No, sir! It had to be that way. God said so. I imagine some of his enemies walking around saying, "Father of nations, how many children do you have now?" "It don't make any difference how many I have now, I am a father of nations, that's all." "How do you know?" "God said so. That settles it. That's just all there is to it. God said it, and that settles it." So, along went Abraham. And he finally come to that very... Then, see, being so loyal ... more loyal, more testings, see. So He brought him right back.

```
Genesis 17:5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.

```
**64** Now, remember. When ... God has counted you worthy when you have a test. Now, don't fail this ... to get this. When you have a trial, or a test, it shows the grace of God has found ... you've found favor with God. And God believes that you'll stand the test. You remember, He did the same thing by Job. Satan said, "Oh, yes, I seen Job down there." God said, "He's a perfect servant. There's none in earth like him. There's nobody like Job. He's a perfect man. He's my pride and joy." Satan said, "Oh, sure. He gets everything he asks for." Said, "Let me have him once." And said, "I'll make him curse you to your very face. I'll just make him curse you." God said, "He's in your hands, but don't you take his life," see. God had confidence in Job. Amen!

```
Job 2:3 And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil? and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause.

Job 2:4 And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.

Job 2:5 But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.

Job 2:6 And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.

```
**65** When it looks like everything's gone wrong, God's giving you a trial. He's got confidence in you. He don't have to baby you around. You're not a hotbed plant, a hybrid. You're a real Christian. God's giving you a test to see what you'll do about it. Amen. No wonder Peter said, "These fiery trials, why, count it a joy. It's more precious to you than gold." And many times we hum, and haw, "Oh, well! If I just..." Well, that's something God give you to overcome. He knows you'll do it. He's put his trust in you.

```
1 Peter 1:7 That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:

1 Peter 4:12 Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:

1 Peter 4:13 But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.

```
**66** And, He believed Abraham ... Abraham believed God, rather. And God said, no doubt told Satan, "I can just prove to you he loves me." Said, "I ... he believes that promise because I told him that." So he took his own son up to the top of the mountain, tied his hands behind him, the day God said so. Little Isaac got suspicious, you know. He said (Genesis 22), he said, "Father..." He said, "Here am I, my son." He said, "Here is the wood, and here is the altar and everything. But where is the lamb [see] for the sacrifice? [He began to feel kind of funny. What's this all about?] We've left off something." Don't make any difference what you think you've left off. You've left off the fellowship of everything else. Well, you have to have your card parties, you have to do this. You have to drink a little bit, you've... You ain't left off nothing. Go on, obey the Word, see, that's all. Just obey the Word. You ain't left off nothing. Just obey the Word. He said, "God said, 'Take him up here,' and he would get up here on top the mountain. I'm supposed to do something, and when I get there I'll do it." So, he got up there, and tied his hands, and laid him upon the altar, like that. Isaac never murmured, obedient (see), type of Christ. Then, when he pulled the knife from its scabbard, and pulled his hair back out of his face to take his life, that was Abraham's V-Day (oh, my!), when he was tested to that very limit of his only son.

```
Genesis 22:2 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

Genesis 22:7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?

Genesis 22:9 And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.

Genesis 22:10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.

```
**67** Now, if you're just spiritual, take that to the test when God gave it---the V-Day. What He loved... God so loved Adam's fallen race. We'll get to that in a little bit. Notice, V-Day. Abraham's V-Day was on Mount Jireh, where the Lord provided for him a sacrifice instead of his son. Love, see, love... That day, Abraham proved to God without a shadow of doubt his loyalty. Abraham proved to God his faith in Him, for he said, "I got this boy when I was a hundred years old by believing a promise. And He told me I was the father of nations. If He asks me to take his life, God's able to raise him up from the dead." Whew! My, oh, my! That ought to make a Presbyterian shout, wouldn't it, see. "He give me the promise, and He showed me now, the evidence of this. Amen. He's proved it to me, that He keeps his word."

```
Genesis 17:4 As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations.

Genesis 17:5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.

Hebrews 11:19 Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.

```
**68** Well, where'd He get us? What kind of a mess did I come out of? What kind did you come out of? Where's our thoughts this morning? What has He proven to be among us? There's no doubt about it. Amen! A V-Day is sure. We've got to have it. He's proved it. Abraham says, "He proved it to me. I was childless. I was an old man. I was sterile and my wife was ... womb was dead. And she was sixty-five and I was seventy-five, but God said 'I'm going to give you a baby by her.' That settled it. That was all there was to it." Abraham says, "I believed it." Then God throwed him into twenty-five years of trial. It didn't mean a thing to Abraham. He come out stronger than he was in the first place, still giving praise to God. No doubt God looked down and said, "What a servant!" Said... Satan said, "Oh, yeah." Said, "But I'll prove that he loves me. Take him up there top of the hill and destroy the very evidence. Take him up there." And Abraham went up to do it. That's right.

```
Genesis 17:19 And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.

Genesis 22:2 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

Genesis 22:3 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him.

Romans 4:20 He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;

```
**69** And Abraham ... when he started to take his child's life, the Holy Spirit grabbed his hand. Said "Abraham, stay your hand, I know you love me." Amen. That's the kind of a person that I want to be. Love God regardless of what takes place. "Stay your hand." Give you a trial where it's even against your own thinking, but as long as the Word said so, do it anyhow. "Stay your hand. I know that you love me, because you've not even withheld your only son from me." Said, "...blessing, I'll bless you," and said, "his seed shall stand in the gate of the enemy, he'll conquer." Oh, my! He did, too. A little later we're going to get to that seed of Abraham there. All right. What did ... doubts had gone from Abraham. When he heard the real Word, doubts left. When he seen God vindicate the Word, doubts left. Love took its place. "I know you love me, Abraham. You don't doubt me a bit. No matter how long you had to wait, you still believed. I asked you to destroy the very evidence I give you. Give you the evidence, then asked you to destroy it. And you love me so well, you keep my word regardless of what it is." Amen! That was a real V-Day for God, too.

```
Genesis 22:10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.

Genesis 22:12 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me.

Genesis 22:17 That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;

```
**70** Jacob had a V-Day one time. He was scared to go back to his brother, because he'd done evil. But yet, the Holy Spirit began to warn him in his heart, "Return back to the homeland where you come from. [He come from the homeland.] You done evil over there, now I'm sending you back." And when he got closer, he got... 'Course, certainly. That's what the devil is so after us about, see. That's what the devil is so after the bride, the church so for now. It's getting close to V-Day. That's right. She's getting real close. That's when the enemy does his worst to reroute. The Bible said, "Woe unto the earth, because the devil, is like a roaring lion, in the last days, going around devouring what he will," you see. Woe unto them, the persecutions and things would take place. Hold right to it. Don't you move right or left. Stay right with that Word. God said so. That does it.

```
Genesis 31:3 And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.

1 Peter 5:8 Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:

```
**71** Jacob, longing in his heart, everything seemed to be wrong, he wanted to go back home. The Holy Spirit was leading him. He'd made a promise to God. He had to go to Bethel to pay these tithings, and so... And here, on his road back, he finds out that Esau, his enemy brother, was just across the river waiting for him with an army. So, Jacob was a coward, yet he had the blessings of God. God had promised to bless him. He had the birthright. Amen. What a type of the church today, with the baptism of the Holy Spirit, with the promise of God's word to vindicate it, because you become part of that Word---the birthright. And Jacob had the birthright. Amen. He had ... his brother didn't care about it. And he had the birthright, because his brother sold it to him for a mess of pottage. And so has the church world today sold their birthright. And thank God, we got it. Yes! We got it. What do we care about the union of churches, and the League of Nations, and all these other things, as long as you've got the birthright.

```
Genesis 25:30 And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.

Genesis 25:31 And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.

Genesis 25:32 And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me?

Genesis 25:33 And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.

Genesis 25:34 Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.

Genesis 32:3 And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom.

Genesis 32:6 And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him.

Genesis 35:1 And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.

```
**72** What the church needs to do, is to do like Jacob---pray till you get a V-Day. And Jacob had a wrestling party. He wrestled all night long with the Lord. But he said, "I'm just not going to let you go, until I get this victory." And then about daylight one morning, he had a V-Day. He didn't walk the same anymore. But, on this side he was a great big, strong, fearful church member. But on the other side he was a little limping priest, or prince, rather---a little limping prince with enough courage to fight the whole army. Esau said, "I'll furnish your army." He said, "I don't need it." He'd had a V-Day. We don't need their organizations. We don't need their stuff of this world. We don't need their ... to have to tally in the things of this world. We've had a V-Day. We wrestled one day, or one night.

```
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

Genesis 32:26 And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

Genesis 33:15 And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.

```
**73** Oh, how I remember the wrestle, when I had to die to myself. But there come a V-Day when I got the victory. Then God's Word become right, and the Baptist church to me was no more than any other organization. That's right. I had a V-Day. God's Word's right. Dr. David said, "Why, you'll become a holy roller." I said, "A holy roller, or no holy roller..." Up ... down there at Greensville, I stayed all night in prayer, until that angel come in there that morning with that light. Said what ... I was trying to get rid of the very thing that God give me to fight with---the visions---when they was telling me it was of the devil. Then He come tell me ... referred back to the Scriptures. "Didn't they say the same thing about the Son of God," and so forth? I had a V-Day. No more of that for me. I took to the fields, and around and around the world. A V-Day, see. Jacob had this V-Day. He wrestled all night. But when day began to break, it was a V-Day for him.

```
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

```
**74** All these great victories and things ... get talking about these things, no stopping place is there? All these great victories was fine. We appreciate every one of them. They were all great victories. The great victories of the wars, and the great victories of the spiritual wars, and so forth, was great. But, you notice, there was none of them lasting, see. We have a great victory, temporarily. Now we just ... we found out here, not long ago, when we went to war with Japan, why, I... In our own home there was a little bitty gadget. Somebody had given us a little bitty trinket (you know, like a doll), and it had on it, "Made in Japan." A fellow throwed it down and broke it, see. And you could say, "Made in Japan," they'd throw it out. They'd go in the ten-cent store, a bunch of Rickys, you know ... not ... delinquent people. Go in there, ten-cent store just to act smart, see---go in, and get things from Japan. They wanted to show their loyalty to the nation.

**75** What about to God, laugh in His face, see? If they was so easy to run into a ten-cent store and knock over the counters, and things like that, because they had little dolls and trinkets and things in there, made out of ... made from Japan because they were at war with it, what about smoking cigarettes, and drinking, lying, stealing, and things like that, to the real army of God? They want to be loyal. How about us being loyal? If they went to jail for doing that, what difference did it make? They wanted to be loyal to the nation, to the flag. But the Christian is afraid, sometimes, to speak up, see. That's the reason we need more V-Days, when you can get yourself conquered, see. Let God conquer you by his power of love.

**76** All these great victories was temporal victories, even to Moses. Israel went right back into bondage again. Always in and out, in and out we find it. Many heroes still fought on and died. They still do it in wars, in the natural focus of the glass. They do it in the spiritual. Heroes fight and die. How we could go down (I got a whole line of them wrote down here), like Daniel, and the Hebrew children, and them---great victors back there that won victories. But they continually... Finally come a thing called death, and it took them, see. Regardless, they went right on, see, still fighting, dying, fighting, dying, winning victories, dying, winning victories, dying. But, you see, after all, man was not made to die. Man was made to live. And no matter how many great achievements he did, he still died just the same. And when he went to the grave, they buried him; and that settled it. They marked his grave with a tombstone out there and a sepulcher, and that was the end of it. Death swallowed him. That great Moses, great Joshua, the great prophets of the Bible... Nearly all of them, except about two or three, we know where their graves are, where it marked them. Death swallowed them up and took them right on, see.

**77** But one day, there came a battle. There come ... the chief warrior came down, Jesus Christ, the Son of God. And there was an Easter. That was the real V-Day. After Jesus had fought and prevailed... He fought against every enemy there was to be fought against. The first thing, when He was born, He was born with a dirty name to begin with, amongst the people as a illegitimate child. He fought Himself right on through that---Mary, having this baby by Joseph without being married. He come amongst the young children with a name. But in his heart, He knowed He was the Son of God, see. He fought through that. He come to the days of where He would make his decision of what He would do, after He had received the Holy Spirit. He come to the day that Satan took Him up on the mountain, and he showed Him all the kingdoms of the world; and said, "I'll make you a king. Now, you say you're the Son of God. You got power. I'll give you the ruler of all the nations," just what the antichrist is trying to be today. There was a V-Day. He fought right through it. Said, "If thou be the Son of God..." There come a time when he was challenged by the word. "If thou be the Son of God, command these stones to be made bread.", see. "And you're hungry, now eat them," see. "If you're the Son of God, you can do that." He could have, that's right. But there had to be a V-Day. He won the victory over that temptation, see. He won the ...

```
Matthew 4:3 And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.

Matthew 4:6 And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:8 Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;

Matthew 4:9 And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

Luke 4:3 And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.

Luke 4:5 And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.

Luke 4:6 And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.

Luke 4:9 And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

```
**78** said, "Now, you can be a great person. You can show yourself, what you are!" Took Him to the pinnacle of the temple and said "Drop off." "I'll quote the scriptures to you, 'It's written, he'll give the angels charge over thee lest any time thou dash thy foot against a stone, they'd bear thee up.'" Look at that theologian, that Satan is, see. "Get thee behind me, Satan," come the Word. It was a V-Day. He come to every V-Day. He walked up in the presence of Peter's wife's mother laying there sick of the fever. The fever was raging in her body. They needed service. He walks over and touches her hand. Satan just couldn't stand in his presence. Certainly not.

```
Matthew 4:6 And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Matthew 4:10 Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Matthew 8:14 And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever.

Matthew 8:15 And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them.

Mark 1:30 But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.

Mark 1:31 And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them.

Luke 4:8 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.

Luke 4:9 And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:

Luke 4:10 For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:

Luke 4:11 And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.

Luke 4:38 And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him for her.

Luke 4:39 And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered unto them.

```
**79** Then He come to the place to where there was death in a family. There come to a place where a man named Lazarus, a friend of his, had died and was buried, and laying in the grave, and stinking, about the fourth day. The body sets in corruption in three days, see---seventy-two hours, corruption. And there come a place where life and death was faced. Here, He is life; there's death that took his friend. It was a showdown. He walked out to the grave, and pulled them little shoulders back, and said, "Lazarus, come forth." Oh, my! That Word went forth. It was the Word of God. Life sprung to itself again. Back come the victim from the beyond, or somewhere, to life again. Sure. He won the victory. That's right. Sickness, temptation, everything that could be---He fought through every bit of it. A V-Day; exactly right. Then it come to the time to when the whole world was laying in a shadow, the regions of the shadows of death. Every man, every human, every prophet, every great man, all these great heroes that He had sent---they all laid back there. There laid Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph. All of them laying in the grave back yonder, believing. No more evidence than just the Word of God said so. God said so.

```
John 11:39 Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.

John 11:43 And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.

```
**80** Look at Job when he was fighting so hard. His wife---even his wife, his companion---he said, "Even her breath has become strange to me," so forth. He was... What a time the man had, the temptations. Even to his ... Belsar and all the rest of them. Said ... Elihu even tried to accuse him, and things like that. But he knowed he'd stayed with the Word. And his wife come and said, "Job, you look miserable." Said, "Why don't you just curse God, and die the death!" He said, "Thou speakest like a foolish woman." Oh, my! What a hero! Even Jesus referred to him, "Have not you heard the patience of Job?" Job went down in the harness. Abraham went down in the harness. Yes, sir! Isaac went down in the harness. Joseph went down in the harness. Joseph said, "Don't bury me down here; bury me up here. Bury me up here with my fathers. Bury me the way they were buried---the Word, the plain they was buried in, the place they were buried in." That's the same thing with me. That's the reason I want to be buried in the name of Jesus; for those that are in Christ will God bring with Him.

```
Genesis 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

Job 2:9 Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die.

Job 2:10 But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.

Job 19:17 My breath is strange to my wife, though I entreated for the children's sake of mine own body.

Job 32:2 Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God.

James 5:11 Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.

```
**81** So then, we find out on, and on, and on went the heroes, heroes, heroes. And here come a time that the Chief Captain that had sent them... And they'd fell on the field of battle, great victors. They come to their V-Days, and they won the victory over the enemy. They, even Joshua had... One time he stopped the sun with his own word, and it didn't (shine), the sun didn't go down for twenty-four hours. The Bible said there never was a man before that, or after that, ever commanded the sun to stand still, that God listened to the voice of a man.

```
Joshua 10:14 And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.

```
**82** Why? See, he had the enemy all routed, see. They were routed all out everywhere. He had to hunt them down and kill them, that's all there was to it, because that was his commission. And he knowed if it ever come nighttime, they'd have a time to mobilize again and get together, and they'd lose more men. So he said, "I need time. I need light. Sun, stand still." Amen! O God! God listened to a man's word and stopped the sun. It stayed in its same place for twenty-four hours till he followed, weeded out every one of the enemy, and brought them down. They couldn't ... didn't give them a time to get mobilized again. He kept moving on. And yet, Joshua laid down his life. He was lain in the dust of the earth. But when this great prince came, Christ, the one that Daniel saw... That great warrior, Daniel, in the midst of all the troubles and things like that, and the great ... (where, if we'd had time, we could have referred to him) yet, he laid in the dust of the earth. He said, "Thou shall rest in thy lot in that day. But Daniel, you'll stand again." Now, the promise that had been given him, to all these heroes... Till finally a time come in that crucial hour that it must be paid. Jesus had come to the earth. He'd conquered every sickness. He'd conquered everything. Now, He must conquer the grave. He'd conquered death. Death couldn't stay in his presence. He never even preached a funeral. No, sir. The widow of Nain come out with her son like that. He stopped it, and raised him up. Oh, my! Yes, sir! He proved that He had power over death.

```
Joshua 10:12 Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.

Joshua 10:13 And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day.

Daniel 12:13 But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.

```
**83** Now there's two more enemies: that's the grave out yonder, and hell (Hades, the grave). So, on that day when He died so dead until the sun quit shining, and the earth had a nervous prostration---the rocks wrung out of the hills, and things like that---He died. He went down into hell. He conquered death. He conquered hell. On Easter morning, He conquered the grave. Amen! Talk about a complete V-Day, a real V-Day. Brought them out. And not only that, but when He come out of the grave, He brought the captives that had been there. The Bible said He led captives captive. Come up from the grave bringing with Him all those heroes out yonder. Don't you know that was a great time up there that day when they went into that kingdom? My! Went into the kingdom of God, brought the captive saints out of there. It was a complete victory, a complete victory. He brought out all the dead heroes. He brought out Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Job, all the rest of them. Brought them out of the grave with Him. He captured... See, He come to the earth and He captured death, He captured hell, He captured the grave. He captured everything. And now, He rises (Amen!), with his saints with Him.

```
John 14:19 Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.

Ephesians 4:8 Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.

```
**84** Now, "He ascended on high ... and give gifts back to men." What was it? Swords---put swords in their hand, the Word, see, to conquer. Oh, my! He give them swords. What for? The Word. To conquer what? Sickness, sin, superstitions, evil; to bring every living creature that wants to live, bring everyone of them to the realization that "Because I live, ye live also." We have the fight of faith. Let us fight the good... Complete our victory, for our complete victory is positive. It's sure. It's got to be. We have the first fruits of it. We have the evidence of it in our heart, now, because we've already got the first battle behind us. We have been able to conquer, through the faith of Jesus Christ. We had a V-Day.

**85** I remember down there, that ... about ten o'clock, one night, when I was down there in that little old garage praying, "God, kill me, or save me." I went to churches, and they wanted me to come up and shake hands with the preacher. I said, "I want something more than that," see. Then in that garage that night when I said, "God, I can't go any further. I'll die." And when I was there in that old, wet building, and my knees ... I was kneeling on an old, grass sack with my hands up, saying, "God, I don't know how to talk, Mister." I wanted to write Him a letter to ask Him to forgive me. I didn't know how to pray. I wanted to be forgiven.

**86** I had promised that, when I was dying on the bed, and He let me... When the doctor done give me up, my heart was only beating seventeen times to the minute. And you know how slow that was. He said, "He's dying," and I heard it. Told my daddy, and pulled the curtains around me. There, in that room that hour, I seen big jays come all over. That curtain was around me, like that. I heard that nurse crying. Said, "He's nothing but a kid," see, "and here he's going." Spinal anesthetic had leaked through and got into in my heart, see. It was only beating seventeen times a minute. When I got home, I had to prove that I loved God. And I got down there on that ground, and I said, "I don't know how to pray." And I'd bite on my thumb nail. I thought, maybe (I seen pictures), I was folding my hands like this; put my fingers together. And I said, "Dear Sir: I would like to speak with You." I'd listen. I said, "I don't hear You." I said, "I folded my hands wrong. Maybe I ought to do it like this." And I put my... I said, "Dear Sir, I ... Jesus Christ, I would like to speak to You." I said, "Sir, I don't hear You answer me. I've heard other people say, 'God talked to me.' Now, I want to talk this over with You. I promised You I would do it. Now, I want to talk it over. Will You please come and speak to me, Sir?" I thought, "No I ain't holding my hands right, or He'd say something." I didn't know how to do it; never prayed in my life, didn't know what to do---this little old shed.

**87** One day, then, I thought this... I thought, "According to the Scriptures, as I've heard it read, He was a man. If He was a man, He understands as a man. [right] Now, I don't know whether You hear me." The devil said, "Why, you done sinned away your day of grace. There's no more, see. You been so mean to where He won't forgive you!" I said, "I don't believe that. I just can't believe it. I believe He'd talk to me." I said, "Sir, I don't know if I make a mistake---if I ain't got my hands folded right, or whatever it is, You forgive me for it. But I want to talk to You." I said, "I'm the lowest rascal in the world." I said, "I've done all these things. And I've run from You, and all." And I went on talking like that. And the first thing you know, while I was talking, across the room come a little light. And went over on the side of the wall and formed a cross of light. That light... And began to talk with a language I'd never ... never heard of such a thing as speaking in tongues. Never had even read the Bible. I was looking for James 5:14 in Genesis. I was looking up there, and I seen that light, and it was talking in some kind of a language. Then it went away. And I said, "Sir," I said, "I don't know nothing about this Christian life." I said, "If that was You talking to me, I can't understand your language, Sir. But if You'll talk ... if You can't speak my language, see, and I don't understand yours, but maybe we'll understand one another like this. If You'll just come back there again, that'll be a sign between me and You that You forgive me." There it was again. Oh, talk about a V-Day! I had one! Yes, a real V-Day. There it was again, talking the same way. And I had a V-Day. Oh, my! And since then when He put the Word in my hand, I've fought to win the prize, to sail through bloody seas.

**88** We've all got a victory. We've fought through many victories, and a great victory's coming just soon, right around the corner. Our complete V-Day will be soon, when the Son of God shall break the skies---the scream of the Voice of the archangel---and He shall come again. And the graves shall open, and the dead shall walk out. I think you played my tapes down here, of the vision I just had (or translation, or whatever it was) in the room. And went up there and seen those people, just the same as I see you, this Bible laying open here before me. And God knows that's the truth, see. There they was young. Just the same ... the same

**89** as... You all been in the meetings, and you realize those visions---have you ever seen one fail? No, sir. Just recently He sent me out here on one, told me what happened. You all ... all of you know about it. Went right ... right there it was, just exactly. It never fails. And I'm telling you, as a little Christian group sitting here this morning, hold to God's unchanging hand. You've had a temporary victory. But there's coming a real V-Day, completely, when Jesus shall come, and the trumpet shall sound, the dead in Christ shall rise. And if you don't have that hope within you, don't let this day pass without getting it.

```
1 Thessalonians 4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:

```
**90** I heard a little something awhile ago I'd like to repeat. It come from ... I believe it was Billy Sunday that made the remark. There was a boy, that had done a crime. I don't know whether you ever heard of it or not. He'd done a crime, they throwed him in jail. And they was going to get ... he was ... and so, he had a trial. And the judge said... And the jury come out, and they said, "We find the boy guilty of the crime, and we..." The jury said, "We ask for his life." And the judge said, "I sentence you to die hanging from a rope, until your mortal life is gone. And God have mercy on your soul." And the boy was taken to the prison, and put in the inner prison, that he'd have to stay there until the time he was to die. And friends come to the judge, and said, "Judge, we helped elect you in the city. Please, please don't let that young fellow die like that." I just come from Texas for another ... something like that. A young man and a young woman ... and God spared their lives. They was to die about three, or four days after that. I guess you all seen the paper (you was with me over there), that they spared their lives.

**91** So, they pleaded, and pleaded, and pleaded (the people), that they wouldn't do it. So, after a while, the governor of the state... The mother, on the outside of the door, one day, fell down on the door, like that, and cried to get in. And finally, the man come in. Said, "The mother of that boy, governor, is outside there. She wants to see you." And the governor said, "Bring her in." And the woman, in humility, crawled on her hands and feet up to the governor, and took ahold of his shoes, and said, "Sir, that's my child. Don't kill him. Don't kill him. He's the only one I've got. Don't kill him." Said, "He didn't mean to do that. Just give him life in prison; but don't take his life, governor." The governor said, "Well, I'll go down and see him." Said, "All right..." So, the governor went down to the ward where he was at, and they went in, and the boy wanted to be arrogant. Said, "Got someone to see you." The governor went in, and said, "Young man, I'd like to talk to you." He got real arrogant, just sat down, buttoned up, wouldn't say a thing. He said, "Young man, I want you to speak to me. I want to talk to you." And the boy just acted like he didn't even hear him. And he said, "Young man, I can help you if you'll let me." He said, "Get out of here. I don't want to hear nothing you've got to say." He said, "Well, son..." He said, "Shut up. Don't you see I'm nervous? I don't want to hear one word you're going to say." He said, "Well, I come..." He said, "Get out of this cell," see. So he walked out. They closed the doors. So, when he walked back... The guy ... the police at the ward, at the door, said, "You're the most foolish person." He said, "Who was that crank, anyhow?" He said, "That was the governor of the state." He said, "No! Not the governor! The only man that can pardon me, and I run him out of my cell. The only man that can sign my pardon, and I run him out of the cell!" As the governor went out, said, "He made his choice."

**92** So, the last thing the boy said... When they put the black mask over his face to hang him, when they pulled the rope up tight, put the mask over, he said, "Think of it! The governor stood in my cell, and would have pardoned me if I hadn't turned him out." How do we know, this morning, that the Governor is not standing by our cell this morning? Don't turn Him away. If you haven't never received pardon from Him (not only the governor, but the King), the only one who can pardon you, He may be standing by that little cell that you've been living in for a long time. Why don't you just let Him in, if you ain't never done it. If you haven't made a complete surrender to Him... Some day, you'll find out that this little humble way, that you might think is just a bunch of silliness, a bunch of people that don't know what they're talking about---you'll find out. The Governor is here this morning. If you have need, if you've a little cell of sickness you can't get out of, the Governor is here---the governor of the world. He's just, and He'll turn you out. He come, He signed your pardon, He just wants to give it to you this morning. Don't turn it down. Let's bow our heads a minute.

**93** If you want a real victory now, with your head bowed, why not surrender, and let the governor of state ... let the Governor sign your pardon this morning. He's ready to take you out---take you out from sin, take you out from unbelief, take you out from sickness---take you out from ever what you want. You do it while we pray. Now, you pray in your own way. You talk to Him, see. The warden could have talked to the governor. That wouldn't have done any good, see. The boy had to talk to the governor, see. You have to talk to the Governor. If you're sick, talk to Him. If you've sinned and done wrong, talk to Him. He has a pardon for you.

**94** Heavenly Father, we are grateful. And I, Lord, I'm so in debt to you. There's no way that I could ever pay the debt of my sin. I was in a cell one day, because I was born in that cell. I knowed what freedom meant. And the price was so great, I couldn't pay it. But I am so glad, that the day that you visited my cell, I recognized it. And it was the only one that could pardon. The only way I could ever be free, and have victory, a complete victory, was to accept the pardon that You had signed for me. And today, I am free. I'm so happy, Lord, I'm visiting from prison house to prison house, from those that are ... got marriage scruples, those who are sick and fevered, those who are sick and in prison, those who are sinful and in prison, those who flusterations, and doubt, and in prison. I'm going from cell to cell telling them the Governor is coming right along, pardoning every one, taking every one out.

**95** Father, you know the heart of the people here today. May this be a V-Day, a complete V-Day. May this be a day that ... when every one, Lord, today, will receive the victory. Grant it, Lord. May every sick person be healed that's in this building today. May this backside of the desert ... be a time that when the Voice of God will speak through the burning fire of faith. O God! That little fire burning there of faith, that little hope that's burning, may the voice of God speak through that to every prisoner this morning, and say, "I've come today to set you free." ...there be a boy or girl, man or woman, here, Lord, that doesn't know You as their Saviour, may that little voice speak---that little faith of voice---speaking now and saying, "Yes, I believe that God is. I believe that He's everything that they say He is." And Lord, let that little faith set them free just now. Grant it, Lord. Bless them. Bless Brother Isaacson here, Lord. We love this young man, and his wife, and his little children. Bless the little church, O God, that we're so happy for them. We're so glad to see that they got a roof over their head here, and a place in here. You're so good to them, Lord. And we're so thankful to You. May they ever remain humble, and sweet in the presence of God.

**96** Bless this stranger in our gate. Bless the visitor, Lord. We pray that You'll be with them. And if they have never received this complete victory, to where they can say "Amen" to every word that God speaks, then, Lord, may their faith this morning that they have in You, punctuate every Word with a "Amen." Grant it, Lord. Bless us together. Deliver the sick, and the afflicted. Get glory to Thyself. And dear God, may we not fret now after this, and remember that these trials and things comes upon us are only done because God loves us. He gives it to us because He's got confidence in us. He believes that we'll ... that we have faith, and love for Him; that we'll be able to overcome. He'll see to it. And may we not fret and stew about it. May we just walk up there, and speak the Word, and walk forward. The seas will open. The V-Days will come. Grant it, Lord. And may this be one of the greatest V-Days of our time. Bless us until we meet together again, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

**97** I want to say this, just before I have to go. I got an hour and a half now to get to Tucson. It's quite a little drive. But I want to say this, that I really enjoyed being here, and feeling this faith that you have. Don't never get away from that. Let that little fire keep burning, and burning. And remember, God speaks in those little fires. Brother Isaacson, I just don't know how to express it, I ... how grateful, that you have been able to come up here, and hold the group together. May God, my brother, ever give you strength to continue on. And to you people that comes to hear, may God ever grant you strength, divine strength, to keep you on. Now, if ... I guess you have a little formal dismissing in a few moments, the way Brother Isaacson... I'll turn the service to him. And, if there's any of you here, that has ... that's been studying about the water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ instead of the titles of Father, Son, Holy Ghost, our little pastor here, is here ready ... will be glad to do that, to render baptism. If there's any problems on your heart you'd like for him to pray through with you, he's right here to do it. And I've known ... I know him, and met him, and sitting with him, and things---a fine, gentle, little Christian spirit found in the little brother. And I'm sure that God hears a prayer like that.

**98** Used to be an old man lived in our country, named Hays. He was a great old man. He was a ... every time anybody... He was humble, and gentle. But ... and some of them thought he was just a religious crank, or something. But, you know, when anybody would get sick, they'd call on old Daddy Hay to come pray for them. He wasn't a crank at all then; he was just a real man. And that old soldier, an infidel, lived up on top of the hill there, had a farm. He was a friend to my daddy. My father drank. I'm ashamed to say it, but truth is truth, you know. The Bible's one thing that tells the truth, see.

**99** Now we have a book called the history. It said George Washington never told a lie. I doubt that. I doubt that. Yes, sir. I'm ... I don't believe that. A kid can come up... You're born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies, says the Bible. So I doubt that historical point of George Washington. But it only tells the good side of man. The Bible tells both sides of man. Lot was a good man down in Sodom. The sins of the city "vexed his righteous soul." But it didn't fail to tell that he lived with his own daughter, and had a child, though, see. It tells both sides of it. So, we must tell both sides.

```
Psalm 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.

Psalm 58:3 The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.

2 Peter 2:8 (For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)

```
**100** My father, drinking, he run with this infidel. And he would laugh at this old man. He was always making fun of him. Old Pop Hay we called him, Daddy Hay---just a little rim of hair. He was an old preacher. And, they was wanting rain one time. Their crops was all burning up. They come to a little church, no more than this, called Little Possum Kingdom, back there in Kentucky. And, when they went up there, they say he said ... he... Old Daddy Hay had a saying that he'd say, "Dear, bless my soul." Little humble fellow, rode an old horse, old circuit preacher. And they paid him off with a ... maybe a basket full of dried pumpkin, you know, and whatevermore they had, you know, and some grease or something. You know, that's the way they paid the old circuit preachers. Many of you people here remember the old eastern circuit preachers.

**101** And one day the crops was all burning up. And, old Daddy Hay said, "Well, dear, bless my soul." After he'd had a little service like this, said, "If any of you-all want to stay and pray for rain, that God will spare your crops," he said, "you stay with me." And the whole church stayed right with him. Pop, outside, went over (just a young fellow), took the saddle off his horse, put it under the church, because he knowed it was going to rain. And that old man got down at the altar. He didn't even come off his knees. Said about an hour after that, he heard a noise, looked around. A black cloud was coming across the hill. There it was, see.

**102** The infidel, among dad's friends that made fun of the old preacher, when he died, they had to hold him in bed. He'd taken to walking typhoid fever. Many of you people out here probably wouldn't know what it was. Oh, it's a horrible thing. And he fought devils for hours after hours, for three or four days. He'd say, "Charlie, Charlie!" That was my father. He said, "Don't let him get me. Don't let him get me. Don't you see him sitting over beside the bed there, with them chains wrapped around him. Don't let him bind me with them. Oh!" he screamed. And they'd hold him, four or five men, hold him in bed before he got ready to die. Back in Kentucky they had old pegs along the side of the wall where they hung their clothes. Anybody ever see a house like that, where they put the pegs? And he had his old slicker hanging up there. He said, "Charlie. There's a pint of whiskey in my pocket. Go give it to my kids." And his wife, a Christian, out in the kitchen, cried, cooking dinner... He said, "I couldn't do that." And they held him in the bed until he died, fighting devils off of him.

**103** When old Daddy Hay, the one he laughed at, when he got ready to die (about eight-five, ninety years old), he went to sleep. And all the children gathered in. His grown great-great-grandchildren gathered around the bed. He raised up. He had white whiskers, you know, a little rim of white hair around his head. What ... top of his head bald. He said, "Dear, bless my soul." Said, "You all thought old Daddy Hay was dead, didn't you?" He said, "Well, I can't die." Said, "I died years ago." Said, "I'm just going to meet the Lord Jesus." He said, "Oh, it's so great," said, "all you, my children, gathered around the bed." He took from the oldest to the youngest by the head, and blessed them. Then, he said to his two oldest boys, said, "Raise me up." And they raised him up in bed. He couldn't hold his hand up. He was too feeble. He said to his other boy, said, "Raise my hand up." He raised his hands up, like that. And he said, "Happy day, happy day, when Jesus washed my sins away. He taught me how to watch and pray, and live rejoicing every day." He bowed his head, and was gone. Well, we got to come to one of those ends.

**104** I'm glad you got a little humble man like this around you, who you got confidence in. Believe him, and God will work miracles for you, among you. And I want to ask this little church something, for me. Pray for me, will you? I'm one of your brothers too. Not with you all the time I want to be. You get the tapes and things in here. And I'm out here on a great battlefield. This is just one of the posts, where we're watching for the coming of the Lord. Pray for me, because I really need your prayers. I depend on... A lot of times, when I hit hard places, especially in the foreign field, and there's witch doctors, and everything---thousands, times thousands, standing there challenging you. And you walk out there alone. Oh, you better know what you're talking about (Oh, my!), when they can do anything. They can just impersonate anything that God has, almost. They can ... just like Jannes and Jambres, they can impersonate anything God's got there. Then, I'll remember, think about a little, faithful group (What time is it, of the day?), way back on the backside of the desert there. Way out of a little old place called Sierra Vista, see. A little prayer meeting going on about this time, way back over on the other side of the mountain. Up there in that old cow camp, somewhere like that, they're praying. Then I walk out and I say, "I'm covered with prayer. Satan, you can't do nothing to me. I come in the name of the Lord Jesus," you see. Something happens.

**105** You pray for me. Will you do that now, all of you? Amen. Brother Isaacson, come here. You know, I wish I could stick around here, and go home with each one of you, and eat dinner. Take me a long time. And I know you men think you got the best cook in the world. No doubt but you have, see. And, I'd sure like to do that. But, I can't do it today. You all understand that, don't you? You do ... that I can't do it right now. I'm in a tremendous strain at the present time, and I want to come down and have a little fellowship with you. I want to come back again, too, come back and be with you. God bless you. Now, Brother Isaacson, take over whatever the Lord wants you to do. Now, if there's any of you that would like to come here, that's never made a surrender to Jesus Christ and you want to come here and stand here this morning, right beside this pulpit where Brother Isaacson and I stand; and want to be prayed for, and wants to pray that God will save you, will you come now? You'll have a complete victory today.

**106** If you ... if there's any of you that's backslid, and gone away from God, and don't know ... you've lost that fellowship, like that little lady last night. Oh, darkness gathers when you get away from God. You're on a muddy road. You're bound to lose. And if you don't have that victory that you ought to have, won't you come, too? This is a complete victory. This is ... could be a V-Day for you, for all the things of the world. You say, "I've had so many trials, Brother Branham. I've just been drug from pillar to post." Haven't I just told you that that's God, because He trusted you? You won't fail Him, will you? You might have fell. You might have made a mistake. But you won't fail Him, will you? You'll rise up again, like a real soldier. Grip the Sword, and come forward again. We'd be glad to do that. Sure. And if not, Brother Isaacson will continue to speak for you, then. If you'll excuse me now, that I can get going ... go back to Tucson. I'll be back to see you again, the Lord willing. God bless you. Will you pray for me now? Remember, a complete victory, and single your focus on Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And, some day, with your eyes single, looking, He'll come from the sky with a shout, voice of the archangel, the dead in Christ shall rise. And these mortal bodies will take on immortality, and we'll go to be with Him forever. Till then, watch, and pray. God bless you. Amen.

```
1 Corinthians 15:54 So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory.

1 Thessalonians 4:16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:

1 Thessalonians 4:17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.

Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
```
